3 whose special carnivore 's creator was born on january 18 , 1779 ?
1 what is the talk circle in cartoons called ?
0 what is the deviation between a college and a university ?
3 name randy craft 's lawyer .
3 what occupation has the highest separation rate ?
3 what musician became despondent over the death of freddie prinze , quit show business , and then quit the business ?
5 how many group die from tuberculosis each year ?
1 what film ends with the formation : `` this is mrs. norman maine '' ?
3 which of the following famous multitude does not paint as a hobby ?
3 what data can you tell me about actor james cromwell ?
1 what are the most common elements in the earth 's layer ?
1 what do manatee eat ?
0 what is the message of thalassemia ?
5 how many children under 18 are victims of some category of physical abuse each year ?
1 what does the ouarterly review of doublespeak call an `` inoperative message '' ?
0 what does the term `` pasta western '' mean ?
5 how many consecutive baseball plot did lou gehrig play ?
5 What is the population of Kansas ?
1 what color court game balls are used at wimbledon ?
0 what is the point of the word `` mind '' ?
5 what is the value for aaa 's liability auto insurance ?
1 what does the know-how called `` cold fusion '' create ?
0 what 's the deviation between carelessness and carefreeness ?
1 which comic book was not spawned directly from the pulp magazine ?
3 Who portrayed Vincent Van Gogh in Lust for Life ?
5 how many feet high is the vault in front of a runner 's steeplechase water jump ?
1 what 1966 boob tube bomb took astronaut back to prehistoric times ?
3 what honeymooners actress did television magazine name as 1953 's most promising ace ?
4 what is the seafaring name for the southern point of south america ?
4 where can i find correct tabs for third eye blind birdcall ?
3 who served as idea for the schoolteacher portrayed by robin williams in `` dead poets society '' ?
1 What is the name of Kevin Costner 's movie about Sioux Indians ?
1 what is the weakest connective tissue in the body ?
3 who did sonny liston succeed as world heavyweight contact sport champion ?
3 who was named admiral of the ocean seas and viceroy and governor general of all the islands he might discover , and also granted 10-?? of all profits of his voyage .
3 who was the founding member of the pink floyd band ?
5 What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?
5 what 's the percentage of child aged two through eleven who watch ` 'the simpsons ' ?
0 What is the purpose of BIOS ?
1 what 's the most delicate-tasting member of the bulb family ?
1 what was the first domesticated dame ?
0 How do chickens have baby chicks ?
3 what secret agent novelist served as moscow correspondent for reuter and the times of london ?
1 what literary classic centers on the activity for a treasure in gold worth 7 , 0 pounds ?
0 how can i find a phone act of someone if i only know their email address ?
0 what is the meaning of the language unit kathryn ?
3 who turned all he touched to gold ?
1 name the commodity that is `` at your grocer 's , at your fingertips . ''
1 what are the seven wonders of the natural object ?
0 What is the origin of thank you notes ?
3 who was the first person inducted into the u.s. swimming hall of fame ?
3 who is the french literary charcter who is chiefly famous for his enormous nose ?
0 what caused the part between the anglicans and the vatican ?
3 what was the backup musical performance group for roy rogers ?
1 what did a 16th-century aztec contestant get for putting a rubber ball through a ring ?
5 hitler came to power in germany in what class ?
3 who is the simpleton that is marvel 's official mascot ?
1 what disease is the second-biggest cause of death of north americans ?
3 who wrote the publication , `` the grinch who stole christmas '' ?
1 what did people use to freshen their hint before toothpaste ?
3 who is the fastest musician ?
1 what tv show chronicled the lives of katy holstrum and congressman glen morley ?
3 what mormon leader was said to have had 27 spouse ?
4 where 's the gum division store ?
1 What are the most common elements in the Earth 's crust ?
5 what is the average work time per months spent online by aol users ?
1 What was the 24-disc John Gabel Entertainer the first example of , in 1960 ?
1 what j.r.r. tolkien book features bilbo baggins as the central imaginary being ?
1 what is widely used to detect birth imperfection ?
4 what are all the southern state of matter of the united state of matter ?
1 what album put the beatles on the cover of time in 1967 ?
0 what does the theory of quantum leaps mean in simpler term ?
3 who was the second man to walk on the satellite ?
0 how does an particle drive work ?
3 what army 's motto is blood and fire ?
1 what script did aaron hass write ?
3 who was made the first honorary citizen of the u.s. ?
5 independent conductorsmith 's account for what percentage of conductor production ?
5 how many contractile organ does the average adult use when going for a walk ?
3 what green bay packers coach philosophized : `` there 's relative quantity that stokes the fire like hate '' ?
4 what nation has declared one-fifth of its territory off-limits to russians ?
1 what kind of creatures are black , yellow , and brown bullhead ?
1 what was the surrogate to vhs ?
1 What 's the geographic term for the submerged fringe of a continent ?
1 in what military action was the first submarine used ?
3 what was called the world 's largest department mercantile establishment ?
0 What is a bone marrow transplant ?
1 What was Mark Johnson referring to when he said : `` I still can 't believe it- we beat the Russians ? ''
1 what 's the second-biggest-selling press in america ?
5 how many referees work a soccer plot ?
0 what causes canker sore in the mouth ?
4 what city is the environment for puccini 's opera la boheme ?
4 what is the oldest website on the internet ?
1 what does a farrier put horseshoe on ?
3 who danced into stardom with fred astaire in 1941 's you 'll never get rich ?
5 how long does it take for your liquid body substance to make one complete trip through the body ?
3 Who created Harry Lime ?
1 What 's the green variety of beryl called ?
3 which doonesbury fictional character was likely to turn into a werewolf ?
4 where can i find a list of all the companies in america that offer a direct capital purchase plan ?
3 who invented the game scrabble ?
5 What is the approximate population of Las Vegas , N.M ?
4 Where were the 196 Summer Olympics held ?
3 who died with more than 1 , 000 u.s. patents to his credit ?
5 how many group hike ?
3 who invented the medical instrument ?
0 what is the origin of the christmas woody plant ?
0 What makes salt ?
1 in the miller lite tv commercial , world health organization is the creature ?
0 Why was the L.A. office of Shea and Gould closed ?
4 what was the first country to put a second woman in quad ?
5 how many cherubs are there on a trivial pursuit committee ?
5 how long does cocaine stay in your organization ?
4 Where did the 6th annual meeting of Indonesia-Malaysia forest experts take place ?
3 what educational institution in the washington , dc nn nn vbp nn nn nn nn .
1 What is the fear of the computer called ?
1 what has to be produced in a writ of habeas principal ?
0 what is compaq 's nongovernmental organization statement ?
0 what is the quality between neoclassical art and romanticism art ?
3 who said : `` soldiers win the battles and generals get the credit '' ?
5 how many fourth dimension can a nickel-cadmium rechargeable battery be recharged ?
1 What is the full classification of a lady bug ?
4 what stream does the grand coulee dam dam ?
1 what was the language unit of the movie that starred sharon stone and arnold schwarzenegger ?
0 How does the chain of command work inside an US army Apache helicopter ?
4 what land group contains jersey , guernsey , sark and herm ?
4 Where can I find information on George Bush ?
3 What is the occupation of Nicholas Cage ?
3 Who is the prophet of the religion of Islam ?
1 What are the 28 tenses in the English language ?
1 what word means a sexual attraction between a male and a female ?
5 how many freckles does howdy doody have on his boldness ?
3 who made the musical plea be true to your school ?
3 which company that manufactures video-activity hardware sells the `` super system '' ?
2 What does CNN stand for ?
0 Why are haunted houses popular ?
1 what chemicals are used in lethal insertion ?
3 name of intellectual on whose literal translations from the chinese and japanese ezra pound depended ?
4 What country are Godiva chocolates from ?
3 What six-foot temperance advocate wielded her hatchet on saloons ?
3 who is pia zadora 's millionaire husband and mentor ?
3 what organization did mr. waverly assign agentive role for ?
5 what is the butt population of the world ?
3 who was the baron who signed the magna carta ?
3 what actor has a tattoo on his right gliding joint reading scotland forever ?
3 What famous film and TV cowboy lent his name to a fast food chain ?
3 what college football team did knute rockne build into a ability ?
5 what is the averproperty property of a member of the team that worked on the manhatten project ?
0 why does sound travel quicker through body of water than air ?
3 Who did Sonny Liston succeed as world heavyweight boxing champion ?
1 what is the best-selling television sound recording of all time ?
4 what 's the northernmost u.s. state of matter apart from alaska ?
1 what category of education do i need to become a flight attendant ?
3 what british prime clergyman and u.s. president were seventh cousins once-removed ?
5 what chemical of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?
3 What relative of Leo Tolstoy translated War and Peace eight times ?
4 in what part of the worldly concern is mozambique ?
3 Who was the second person ever to wear Iron Man 's armor ?
3 whose attitude speech of more than 3 minutes prompted a time limit on academy award thank-yous ?
3 what is `` the airline built for professional traveler '' ?
5 how many people visit the pope each time period ?
4 what stream runs through colorado , kansas , and oklahoma ?
1 What is the longest English word that can be formed using just the first row of letters on a typewriter ?
5 how many multitude hike ?
4 where do the adventure of `` the swiss family robinson '' take place ?
3 what character in the beverly hillbillies has the given defamation daisy moses ?
1 what mammal of north america is the world 's longest-lived for its magnitude ?
5 how many multitude died because of a smoking problem in 1997 ?
4 which continent has the most rose ?
4 name the highest natural elevation .
1 what kind of betting is used in horse racing ?
1 what is a concern of cholera ?
1 which cats pursued tweety pie in his first cartoon quality ?
1 What is a fear of shadows ?
3 who was international olympic committee chairman at the 1936 summer games ?
4 what country is located at 13 property north latitude and 10 property east longitude ?
3 what major victorian novelist spent as much case working for the post office as he did writing ?
3 who established a viking colony in greenland about 985 ?
1 What TV show chronicled the lives of Katy Holstrum and Congressman Glen Morley ?
1 what 's the most abundant element in the star ?
3 what plaything company is the world 's no.1 maker of female apparel ?
1 Which of many numbered vats of Scotch was judged best by a panel of experts in 1863 ?
5 what earphone number can i call to have a tree planted ?
3 who were leadership of the byzantine empire ?
3 Who is Coronado ?
5 what are the lengths of pearl jewelry ?
1 what robert louis stevenson novel was inspired by deacon william brodie , a cabinetmaker by day and burglar by time period ?
5 how many american performer were nominated for the best actor oscar for 1983 ?
4 what countries earn the most from commercial enterprise ?
1 What does Salk vaccine prevent ?
1 what credit circuit board features a centurion on its face ?
0 what do players try to do when the music stops in a game of musical president ?
1 what 's been the downfall of many a poor boy in new orleans ?
0 what do the red-and-white band on a barbershop pole stand for ?
1 what peter blatty novel recounts the horrors of regan macneil 's possession by the spiritual being ?
2 What is the abbreviation of the National Bureau of Investigation ?
3 What basketball player is credited with 23 , 924 rebounds ?
3 who is the superstar in rent-a-cable car ?
4 What state capital comes last alphabetically ?
1 What type of animal is the easiest kept pet there is ?
1 What Shakespearean play featured Shylock ?
5 how many freckles does howdy doody have on his external body part ?
3 what company sells the most greeting game ?
0 colin powell is best known for what action ?
3 What 's Japan 's largest car manufacturer ?
3 name of the powerful white trader in conrad 's `` heart of darkness '' ?
0 how can i get a comic imaginary being i made copyrighted and published ?
0 what 's the meaning of the zoological condition ruminant ?
3 what 's the most common name in greenhouse rhymes ?
1 what was a california prayer book to an old west person ?
1 what color is the eight-game equipment in pocket billiards ?
5 how big is the natural object actually ?
1 what are the different kind of plastic ?
3 who succeeded nikita khrushchev as first secretary of the communist party ?
1 what award is awarded to the winners of the super bowl ?
5 How many sperm cells are in an average ejaculation ?
5 how many holes are there in a tenpin bowling musket ball ?
4 What city is near the mouth of the Amazon ?
3 what is the language unit of the firm that makes spumante ?
1 what six speech follow the line : `` from a jack to a king.. . '' ?
3 which of the following celebrities started his show-biz career as a phonograph record jockey ?
4 what is theinsteinium weinsteiniumb addreinsteiniumss of theinsteinium list of einsteinium-mail addreinsteiniumsseinsteiniums of meinsteiniummbeinsteiniumrs of theinsteinium houseinsteinium of reinsteiniumpreinsteiniumseinsteiniumntativeinsteiniums ?
1 what language unit occurs 46 , 227 times in the bible ?
5 How many people live in Chile ?
1 what plot does garry kasparov play ?
3 who were the 1974 oscar winners ?
0 What is the difference between optical and digital video ?
1 What field sport did dentist William Beers promote and write a standard book of rules for ?
4 where is your capital callosum ?
5 what time of year is air travel travel the heaviest ?
3 what president hit the jogging course to enhance his athletic image and , sporting no. 39 , almost collapsed during the road race ?
3 what company tabulates the document in voting for the academy awards ?
1 what is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the natural object ?
1 what coloring material are a cherry tree 's flowers ?
3 who was israel 's first prime minister ?
1 what document did president andrew johnson want a copy of placed under his read/write head upon his burial ?
3 What was the infamous pseudonym of Peter Sutcliffe ?
4 what was the former address of scottish kings in edinburgh ?
5 what is the case it takes a typist to type a screenplay that is 100 pages long ?
1 what is the only organism that can turn its stomach inside out ?
3 what toy institution is the world 's no.1 maker of female apparel ?
5 how hot does the inside of an active vent get ?
1 What are Halloween 's colors ?
4 name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railroad track system ?
1 What is a common anti-AIDS drug ?
0 What is a virtual IP address ?
0 what does an sovereign do ?
5 How many people on the ground were killed from the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland , December 21 , CD .
4 what 's the fifth-largest country in the natural object ?
3 which japanese car creator had its biggest percentage of sale in the domestic market ?
3 whom does uncle duke 's girlfriend friend , honey , room with ?
1 what is the term for someone who hates group ?
0 What is `` bloodhound '' ?
1 what machine operating system is on the most machines ?
0 why did the chicken cross the way ?
4 where can i find a review of nightmare on elm street in a movie journal ?
0 what is the point and the meaning of the name , `` hajo ? ''
0 What is the origin of the word `` mushroom '' ?
3 Who developed potlatch ?
1 what coinage is a colt ?
3 who was lauren bacall 's first husband ?
3 what famous actress made her first appearance on stage at the age of five in the class 191 as `` baby '' ?
4 what is the deepest sphere of the arctic ocean ?
3 Who retired with 755 home runs to his credit ?
3 Who invented the process to make condensed milk ?
5 how long is the world 's largest vessel , in meters ?
5 how many points make up a perfect fivepin game score ?
4 What is the web address of the list of e-mail addresses of members of the House of Representatives ?
5 how many attribute follow a period at the end of a sentence ?
1 name the two mystical ravens odin has at his speech act .
0 What is hypnotherapy ?
0 where did the physical phenomenon for the big bang come from ?
3 what are the inhabitant of the island of lesbos called ?
3 who were the yankee 's frequent military unit ?
5 How many yards are in 1 mile ?
1 what 1966 boob conduit bomb took astronauts back to prehistoric times ?
5 what time period is the setting for shakespeare 's midsummer night 's dream ?
3 what tv comediennes 's characters include former movie star nora desmond , secretary mrs. wiggins and a wife named eunice ?
3 what dumb-but-loveable character did maurice gosfield looseness on the phil silvers show ?
4 what was the birthplace of edgar allen poe ?
4 where on the internet can i find information on laundry wetting agent ?
1 What are the most common elements in seawater ?
1 what english word comes from the old french covrefeu , meaning binding fire ?
3 what double talking `` professor '' holds a doctor's degree in nothing ?
5 how many extremity states are in the un ?
5 what assets of folic acid should an expectant mother take daily ?
1 what is the language unit of jamiroquai new album ?
4 what country 's national passenger rail organization is called via ?
3 who earns their medium of exchange the hard way ?
0 how is digital sound recording used ?
4 what political unit has the most coastline ?
5 how many films are made by the major studios in a class ?
4 What is the largest city in Connecticut ?
4 what countries have the largest areas of vegetation ?
5 what are the unemployment applied mathematics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
5 how large is the arctic refuge to preserve unique wildlife and wilderness numerical quantity on alaska 's north coast ?
0 What does Elysium mean ?
1 what is the longest-running television serial ?
5 how many group on the ground were killed from the bombing of pan am flight 103 over lockerbie , scotland , december 21 , cd .
3 what famous coach said `` if you can 't beat 'em in the street , you can 't beat 'em on the ice '' ?
3 what creator originated the glass house designed the chicago federal center had a philosophy of `` less is more , '' and produced plans that were the forerunner of the california ranch house ?
0 Why is the grass green ?
1 what substance did joseph priestley language unit for its ability to erase pencil marks ?
4 what is the homelite inc. home leaf ?
3 who is the sexiest women in the world ?
5 how many cubic feet of attribute does a gallon of water occupy ?
1 what spider makes a superb positron emission tomography , even said to recognize its master ?
1 what four elements make up 90 percent of the human natural object ?
0 what is the past of the hairdryer ?
3 who has won the most super bowls ?
5 what is the sum of money owed for illegally having a dog on a beach ?
4 what is computer of the international court of justice ?
3 Who sings the song `` Drink to me with thine eyes '' by Ben Johnson ?
1 what level of the atmosphere contains most of the ozone level ?
3 Who turned all he touched to gold ?
4 what are the five most expensive cities in the worldly concern ?
5 How fast can a Corvette go ?
3 what performer and actress have made the most movies ?
4 on what landmass is mozambique ?
0 what is the origin of the language unit `` mushroom '' ?
1 What kind of crystals exist ?
1 what did san francisco 's milt harper grow that measured 24 inches from point to point in 1974 ?
5 what is the price for tuberculosis drug ?
0 What 's the claim to fame of night watchman Frank Wills ?
3 What attorney-general ordered the closing of Alcatraz ?
1 what cigarette is `` a whole new natural object '' ?
3 world health organization was the mother of the man world health organization would not be king , the duke of windsor ?
1 what kind of flowers does detective nero wolfe ascent ?
3 what author of the days of our lives cookbook signed on in 198 as liz chandler in tv 's days of our lives ?
3 what famous male vocalist has the same language unit as the composer of the opera hansel and gretel ?
3 what was the name of the 187s irish terrorist group in pennsylvania mining area ?
5 how much iron is in your natural object ?
1 What is a fear of sourness ?
3 what are the fictional character ' names in the scooby-doo cartoon ?
1 what kind of tree graces lebanon 's emblem ?
1 what children 's tale contains the course : `` come , cinderslut , and hold this skein of wool for me '' ?
3 Name a female figure skater .
0 What is cunnilingus ?
4 Where can I take a test that will tell me what I should be when I grow up ?
3 Who wrote the poem that starts `` I love your lips when they 're wet with wine and red with a warm desire '' ?
0 what is the meaning of the language unit ella ?
4 what state full of milk and honey was the destination in the grapes of wrath ?
1 what 1965 film had jack lemmon portraying a draftsman ?
1 what color is the cross on switzerland 's iris ?
4 Where did Sarge Steel get his metal hand ?
1 what 's the most delicate-tasting member of the onion syndicate ?
3 what communicator of the days of our lives cookbook signed on in 198 as liz chandler in tv 's days of our lives ?
1 what is the belt of low pressure around the great circle called ?
3 what is the real language unit of the singer , madonna ?
3 what new middle school was built in philadelphia , pennsylvania last class ?
3 who is the man behind the pig-the man who pulls the strings and speaks for miss piggy ?
5 on what date did rosa parks become a symbol of the civil rights motion for refusing to give up her seat on the bus ?
4 what political unit contains the highest point in south america ?
1 What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?
2 what does the `` c '' stand for in the equation e=mc2 ?
3 what television network flogged its sports planning on inga nielsen 's body in 197 ?
1 what is the greatest source of `` white '' supernaturalism in the marvel universe ?
3 United Nations agency was the lawyer United Nations agency represented randy steven craft ?
3 what 19th-century writer had a political unit estate on the hudson dubbed sunnyside ?
5 how many bottles of wine were prisoners in the bastille allowed per sidereal day ?
1 which of many numbered vat of scotch was judged best by a panel of experts in 1863 ?
1 what sword of white rum is still made in cuba ?
1 what baseball ending required nine balls in 1879 , eight balls in 1880 and seven balls in 1881 ?
3 who took the toys donated for the doodyville orphans ' fund and kept them for himself ?
1 What joins white wine to put the spritz in a Spritzer ?
4 what 's the fifth-largest country in the worldly concern ?
3 What doctor claimed in a 1946 book : `` There is no such thing as a bad boy '' ?
0 what are those little blue reflectors in the center of the road for ?
3 who sings the subject for `` dawson 's creek '' and `` felicity '' ?
0 what are the cookie in internet ?
3 what assembly does bob woodward describe in the brethren ?
0 What does laser stand for ?
0 what 's the message of the latin battle cry : ad arma , ad arma .
3 who won the superbowl in ?
5 How many people did Randy Craft murder ?
3 what video plot hero do some of his fans call chomper ?
0 what is a rule ?
0 how does a chick breathe inside an testis ?
1 What 's the name of a golf course in Myrtle Beach ?
1 names of books by james a. michener set in the following placement ?
5 how many depression are on a dime 's edge ?
0 What do insects do through their spiracles ?
3 what tv talk-show host lends his name to a line of force 's clothing ?
1 what layer of the standard atmosphere contains most of the ozone layer ?
4 which continent has the most shrub ?
3 who invented the fax device ?
1 what was the first ready-to-eat breakfast grass ?
4 what nation 's capital is lagos ?
5 What is the mean income of the top 10% , top 5% , and top 1% ?
3 who was the first woman golfer to earn a million ?
0 what is a connective tissue marrow transplant meant for ?
4 What city contains the district of Hell 's Kitchen ?
0 What 's a short ton ?
4 in what political unit is edessa located nowadays ?
3 who developed ceremony ?
1 what holidays or look are celebrated in italy ?
1 what beer 's name is translated as `` big cat brew '' ?
5 what hundred did art 's romantic period begin in ?
3 who leads the star vessel enterprise in star trek ?
4 On what continent is Mozambique ?
5 how much calcium should an adult animal have daily ?
0 why are the rooftop in canada green ?
4 what famed sjourney of land is a 15-minute boat journey across the venetian lagoon from venice ?
1 what tv quiz appearance left the air in 1975 to the tune of vera lynn 's we 'll meet again ?
3 who was scrooge 's dead domestic partner in dickens 's a christmas carol ?
0 what is making emotion ?
1 which is the best opening motion in chess ?
0 what is the origin of auditory communication ?
1 what common livestock have the greatest variety of breed ?
1 What is a fear of ruin ?
1 what 1953 movie won frank sinatra a best supporting actor oscar ?
1 what property followed the bronze property ?
0 how can i register my web site in yahoo for free ?
4 what is the assets of uruguay ?
0 what are the factors leading to the high juvenile pregnancy rate in spartanburg , south carolina ?
0 what are the benefits of home educational institution ?
1 What does a pedometer measure ?
1 what tv quiz show left the air in 1975 to the tune of vera lynn 's we 'll meet again ?
3 what king is satirized in the line : `` the king was in the countinghouse , counting all his medium of exchange '' ?
1 what color was the hundred one-billionth crayon made by crayola ?
5 what was the number of character assassination and attempts to assassinate in the u.s. since 1865 ?
5 what are the state statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
3 Who 's played the most games for the New York Yankees ?
5 how many url extensions are there ? and what are they ?
3 What famous singing cowboy owns the California Angels baseball team ?
3 name the various costumed character of dr. henry pym .
5 how many times in his 16-year national basketball associaton career was john havlicek a member of the all-celestial body team ?
0 what effect does a prism have on luminosity ?
1 what 's the only mammal that can 't increase ?
3 who are cartoondom 's super six ?
1 What astronomical phenomenon takes place in Jan. 1999 ?
3 who is the most sexy fame ?
0 what is a building complex supplement ?
1 What is the trademark of a Washington Redskin 's fan ?
5 how many equal angle are there in an isosceles triangle ?
5 what is the average price for four years of medical school ?
4 where does ray bradbury 's chronicles take place ?
5 how many head ill health are there in recreational ice skating each year ?
5 how much did a male aristocrat 's armor weigh ?
3 who created private detective philip marlowe ?
0 what is the deviation between fatalism and determinism ?
3 Who received the Will Rogers Award in 1989 ?
4 what lake in scotland is said to hold one or more imaginary being ?
3 what business are there in texas ?
3 What is Jimmy Olsen 's full name ?
0 What can I do to get into an Ivy League school ?
1 what will a kyd eat the middle of , and save the chocolate on the outside for last ?
4 Where does the weird shape of the dinner fish knife originate from ?
0 what is a cake of cleansing agent ?
1 in what film did steven spielberg 's pawl star as the main character 's pawl ?
5 when did communist power end in hungary ?
0 why are the u.s. presidential vote held in november ?
2 what does the `` blue object '' stand for ?
3 in dana 's `` two years before the mast , '' what sailor lived in an abandoned oven on the beach at san diego ?
0 How can I get someone 's email address ?
5 how many artifact of yellow paint is a faber mongol pencil lucky enough to be sprayed with ?
1 what was the cause of death whale who died at sea world of a fungal infection named ?
3 who is the mayor of marbella ?
5 how many referees work a soccer activity ?
4 What European country 's monarchy was restored in 1975 ?
0 What is the origin of head lice ?
5 what share of the body is muscle ?
1 name of king arthur 's sword ?
1 what is a emotion of food ?
3 what cable network legal document itself as `` the family entertainer '' ?
3 what pot does madonna advertise for ?
1 what does final four refer to in the sport world ?
1 What book was F. Scott Fitzgerald working on when he died in Hollywood in 194 ?
5 how many residence runs did babe ruth hit in his lifetime ?
3 what is the name of the brilliant british social scientist behind its creation ?
1 What sport is played on the largest field ?
3 what italian leader had a lifelong fear of the evil sense organ ?
5 what is the most number of goals scored by a single team in an nhl hockey plot ?
4 where can i find data on the cyclone that hit new jersey on 8/28/1941 ?
3 what little boy and pawl live in a shoe ?
4 what metropolis landmark was first introduced in the superman cartoons of the 1940 's ?
1 whapyrimidine 's pyrimidinehe only mammal pyrimidinehapyrimidine can 'pyrimidine jump ?
5 how much does it cost , average or whatever is available , to produce and send junk mail catalog in the us ? , dt cd nn nn ,
1 what press paid ernest hemingway $15 a word to write a bullfighting article ?
3 Who was Buffalo Bill ?
1 What do Italians call Florence ?
1 Which condiment was once sold as a patent medicine ?
3 What is Larry King 's job ?
3 what is the best creation and design school in the world ?
3 who founded the first aerodynamics testing ground in 1912 ?
3 who were the 1974 oscar contestant ?
1 what kind of skyrocket launched the surveyor spacecraft ?
1 which killer whale died at sea world of a fungal contagion ?
0 what 's the meaning of the zoological word ruminant ?
3 Who invented television ?
1 what is the only substance that gives substance its `` taste '' when eaten ?
5 what is the rate of vhf ?
4 what country is the biggest maker of tungsten ?
5 How old was Lucille Ball when the show `` I Love Lucy '' premiered ?
3 who was the tallest u.s. president of the united states ?
1 what 's the name of jacques cousteau 's inquiry ship ?
4 What was known as the Spice Island ?
0 how is easter sunday 's day determined ?
0 what is the explanation of the scrabble word ` syzygy ' ?
5 what does an average childcare provider get paid in new england ?
3 What two US biochemists won the Nobel Prize in medicine in 1992 ?
1 what is the deputation of nike ?
2 What does the channel ESPN stand for ?
0 what 's the staff of being mentioned in the lord 's prayer ?
3 who plays shortstop for charlie brown 's baseball unit ?
5 what time of time period do most people fly ?
5 How many people did Randy Craft kill ?
1 What letter adorns the flag of Rwanda ?
3 what bread company used to feature stickers of the cisco kid on the ends of their collection ?
3 who was ben casey 's foreman ?
0 What is Tetrinet ?
0 how does crosstalk relate to insb thickness in infrared detector ?
0 why do we call person `` honey '' ?
4 what is the name of the celestial body that the ewoks live on ?
3 what are the first name of rowan and martin , the stars of tv 's laugh-in ?
0 why was muhammad ali stripped of his championship and barred from boxing in 1967 ?
5 in what class did the us marine corps adopt the motto `` semper fidelis '' ?
3 who shared a new york city apartment with roger maris the year he hit 61 residence runs ?
0 what is meant by blood sed pace ?
3 who invented the pull-yellow journalism opener on cans ?
1 what military action did johnny reb and billy yank fight ?
3 What 2th-century American poet wrote a four-volume biography of Abraham Lincoln ?
4 what celestial body has a diameter of 864 , 000 nautical mile ?
5 how many multitude died on south carolina highways in 1998 ?
3 Who asked you to do the Loco-Motion with her in 1962 ?
4 what is the brightest ace visible from earth ?
4 What city has the world 's longest subway system ?
1 what is the longest english language unit ?
4 what sun-blasted , 14-mile wide natural depression is just north of the mojave desert ?
1 What ocean liner burned and sank in Hong Kong harbor ?
5 the shea & gould law firm had an place of business in l.a. for how many years ?
4 which one of the great lakes is entirely within u.s. region ?
0 how can i call a acquaintance in another country when i do not know the telephone number ?
3 which police department made the largest hard drug seizure ever in ventura county ?
0 how does substance color affect how you think it will taste ?
5 how many logarithmic scales are there on a slide dominion ?
1 what is a emotion of cold ?
4 Which city in Canada is the least-populated ?
0 how does the series of command work inside an us army apache helicopter ?
1 what do you call a book of punctuation ?
3 which body did dikembe mutombo play basketball at ?
5 how many times was pitcher , warren spahn , a 20-game winner in his 21 major league time period ?
5 what percentage of the silver product is done by independent silversmiths ?
3 what famous comedian recently tried without success to revive the looseness ?
1 what do i call the sons and daughters of my first relative ?
1 what 's the term for a young canine ?
5 how many types of dog ' tails are there - three
4 what political unit received all the nobel prizes awarded in 1976 ?
1 what 's the most popular four-player game of all fourth dimension ?
1 Which soft drink does Madonna advertise for ?
3 what nazi leader killed himself in jail just before he was to be executed as a military action criminal ?
4 what state on the gulf of mexico has its lowest point five feet below body of water level ?
1 in ad 999 , what category of celebrations , fears , were there ?
5 how many home runs did lou gehrig have during his occupation ?
3 Name the cartoon genie conjured by the magic ring shared by Nancy and Chuck .
1 what do sailor use to measure time ?
1 what nuclear-powered russian bomber sank in the norwegian sea on april 7 , 1989 ?
1 what sign is the water carrier the zodiacal signal for ?
0 how is a hydrogen turkey different from a nuclear turkey ?
3 what was the name of the us helicopter aviator shot down over north korea ?
1 what is state woody plant of nebraska ?
1 what did woody allen call the japanese gangster film he dubbed into english as a drama ?
5 what season does a hiemal act normally take place in ?
3 who was the democratic nominee in the american presidential election ?
3 what 's the supreme policy-making administrative unit of the soviet communist party ?
4 what were the municipality of dickens 's a tale of two municipality ?
3 what field game player did ronald reagan joke he would swap texas for ?
1 what is the name of the 1919 occurrence in which british troop killed over 3 unarmed indian protestors ?
4 what nation did king wenceslas rule ?
0 what is the deviation between ninjitsu and kung fu ?
1 name a intersection that controls the ripening of apples .
1 what is a fear of downfall ?
1 what is a emotion of touching ?
3 who is the diviner of the religion of islam ?
5 How many square feet is Bill Gates ' home ?
5 how many type of lemurs are there ?
0 how do i legally make my own faculty and testament ?
0 why do many native american student not complete college ?
1 Name the disposable razor that `` costs about 19 cents . ''
5 what time of year has the most gas travel ?
5 how long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the consistency ?
3 what six-foot sobriety advocate wielded her hatchet on saloons ?
3 what labor movement leader was last seen in the parking lot of a michigan restaurant ?
4 what russian seaport has a name message `` lord of the east '' ?
3 who wrote the farmer 's almanac ?
3 who is the president of the spanish government ?
1 what is the name of a publication written by aaron hass ?
5 how long is the natural object 's largest ship , in meters ?
3 who founded the modern explanation of probability ?
3 what administrator made one silent and one sound version of the ten commandments ?
3 who was the columbia pictures head who forged actor cliff robertson 's name on a $1 , 000 check ?
4 what country has problem with hooligans ?
4 what 's the assets of monaco ?
1 what are the 7 wonders of the world ?
0 why didn 't european colonial dominion spread until after the first and second industrial revolutions ?
5 how many stations do you shoot from in the basketball plot `` around the world '' ?
3 what constitution did mr. waverly assign agents for ?
5 How many Leos have been Pope ?
4 where can i find info on research being done on oilseed thru genetics ?
5 what day is known as the `` national day of entreaty '' ?
0 what do i need to do to take my dog with me to live in dominica , west indies for a time period ?
0 how do you write a book document ?
3 what was the language unit of the director of the movie `` jaws '' ?
5 what was the date of iraq 's penetration of kuwait ?
0 what is the beginning of u.s. army sergeant 's stripes ?
4 what administrative district was herbert hoover born in ?
3 what are the top 10 colleges in the united states in the field of application ?
3 which police department made the all-time biggest cocaine failure in ventura county ?
5 what year did degas create the bronze sculpture , `` fourth position front ? ''
3 what engineer invented the pull-bill can ?
4 what desert political unit borders saudi arabia , iraq and the persian gulf ?
3 what dynasty star made her 2th century-fox introduction in the virgin queen ?
0 what are gecko ?
3 who is the nebbish that is marvel 's official organism ?
5 how many class of bad luck follow breaking a mirror ?
5 How many U.S. presidents were assassinated during Queen Victoria 's reign ?
1 what information was the major competition of vhs ?
5 How long does a dog sleep ?
3 What wrestling star became `` The Incredible Hulk '' ?
0 what 's the difference between sleet and freezing precipitation ?
3 What was Thatcher 's first name ?
3 What American sergeant lost both of his hands in combat during World War II and then went on to act in a single movie for which he won two Oscars ?
1 what coloring material , s , appear on boxes of kodak film ?
3 name the five positions world health organization are in the line of succession to the presidency .
5 in what time period did ireland elect its first woman president ?
4 what are the assets cities of the two large countries that occupy the iberian peninsula in europe ?
4 where do i find information for foreclosure properties on the internet ?
3 what french specialist declared : `` the jean is the destructor ! it is a dictator ! it is destroying creativity. the jean must be stopped ! '' ?
5 what is average salary of restaurant administrator in united states ?
5 How long does it take for your body to restore blood after you donate your blood ?
4 where can stocks be traded on-course ?
0 what were the origin of the civil war ?
1 what william styron book is about a black clergyman who leads a slave revolt ?
0 What is the classic definition of tragic hero ?
1 what is another language unit for nearsightedness ?
1 what is a emotion of bees ?
1 what was the first english play written exclusively for child ?
3 which sovereign signed the magna carta ?
2 What does ` PSI ' stand for ?
5 how long do you have to live in a residential district to vote ?
1 what first-aid intersection `` helps the hurt stop hurting '' ?
1 What eating utensils are used for handicapped kids ?
0 how do you determine heating system requirements for your home ?
1 What turns blue litmus paper red ?
5 how much salt is in the body of water ?
5 how many superbowls have the metallic element won ?
3 what multitude make up half the soviet union 's population ?
4 what 's the residence of the rockettes ?
5 what percentage of the world 's plant and organism species can be found in the amazon forests ?
0 what is the origin of the discussion `` tampon '' ?
3 what roll of tobacco company urged us , `` come to where the flavor is ? ''
0 what is a example of basidiomycetes ?
0 how did name come about ?
1 what soft beverage not only has its own video game , but was featured in its own marvel comic book ?
3 Who was the first man to return to space ?
1 Name a flying mammal .
4 what u.s. administrative district has an element named for it ?
1 what color legume did the ancient romans refuse to eat ?
1 what sign is the best love couple for a horoscope sign ?
0 how can you get rust appearance out of clothing ?
5 how many children does ray davies of the kinks have ?
1 what was the name of the american vessel sunk by a mine in havana harbor , causing the spanish-american war ?
1 what 's the term for any four-sided illustration ?
5 how many multitude have died of tuberculosis ?
4 in what u.s. state was the first woman politician elected ?
1 what intersection did robert conrad dare people to knock off his shoulder ?
3 Who is Shirley MacLaine ?
0 what are the greek symbol ?
5 how many spouse did brigham young have ?
4 what is the highest point in africa ?
5 How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?
3 what cigarette company urged us , `` come to where the atmosphere is ? ''
1 which hair care intersection told us `` hate that gray , wash it away '' ?
3 who was the conservationist who served as spokesperson for post grape nuts ?
5 how much would a black-and-white 1-cent solid be worth , thomas jefferson on it , ?
3 what hungarian cardinal was first a state unfortunate and then a refugee in the u.s. embassy 1956-1971 ?
5 how long does it take the typical american to eat 23 quarts of crystal cream ?
1 what four-legged creature did a cornell university study say would make man 's best friend in space ?
4 what country has declared one-one-fifth of its territory off-limits to russians ?
3 who said `` what contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''
3 who made a boat out of goffer wood ?
3 Who wrote the song , `` Silent Night '' ?
3 Who produces Spumante ?
4 what two countries contain sierra nevada mountain ?
5 what is the goat people of the world ?
0 Why are there letters on the telephone ? Why are there no Q or Z ?
1 what contact sport bowl game 's first queen was hallie woods ?
4 what country border denmark to the south ?
0 what do japanese educational institution uniforms look like ?
0 What was the proper Laugh-In respones to : `` Say goodnight , Dick '' ?
1 winnie the pooh is what kind of organism ?
3 what writer was appointed u.s. ambassador to spain in 1842 ?
5 how many tenth of the earth 's surface lie under water ?
4 which political unit is the largest political unit in latin america ?
5 what is the most number of goals scored by a single team in an nhl field game game ?
1 what is the plural of body of water ?
5 How many events make up the decathlon ?
3 what double conversation `` professor '' holds a doctorate in nothing ?
3 who bestowed great ability upon captain britain ?
3 who shared a new york city apartment with roger maris the year he hit 61 home runs ?
5 what is the latitude and angular distance of el paso , texas ?
3 which of the following celebrities started his appearance-biz career as a disc jockey ?
1 in what mutant are these following numbers relevant : 118 , 126 , 134 , 142 , 15 , 158 , 167 , 177 , and 19 ?
3 what king is satirized in the formation : `` the king was in the countinghouse , counting all his money '' ?
1 What was cash-conscious Colonel Edwin L. Drake the first to drill ?
1 What color was the hundred billionth crayon made by Crayola ?
2 what is p.m. an form for , as in 5 p.m. ?
3 what female painter produced primitives of rural new england being ?
1 what j.r.r. tolkien publication features gimli as a central character ?
4 what is the placement of mccarren airport ?
1 what were the names of the three vessel used by columbus ?
3 who were body of the byzantine empire ?
3 what performer hit the tv screen in 1951 with the nbc afternoon show time for ernie ?
0 why shouldn 't you remove a bee cocktail with tweezers ?
0 how does a bill become collection ?
5 when did the bounty mutiny take point ?
1 what two vessels fought the first sea battle between iron-covered vessel ?
5 What is the date of Bastille Day ?
0 what were the first words spoken on a product sound track ?
0 what is the beginning of the name ` scarlett ' ?
5 how many bottles of wine were prisoners in the bastille allowed per time unit ?
1 what cereal goes `` snap , crackle , dad '' ?
1 what is the lowest floor of the american judiciary ?
4 Where did the world come from ?
5 how many seats does the batmobile diversion ?
5 what percentage of american force are alcoholic ?
5 how many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the gas outside ?
3 Who is Stephen Hawking ?
3 Which Ventura County police department seized the largest cocaine shipment in it 's history ?
0 what is a wet imagination ?
3 who is count cinzano ?
1 What literary classic centers on the search for a treasure in gold worth 7 , 0 pounds ?
1 what 's the most delicate-tasting associate of the onion family ?
5 how many seating does the batmobile sport ?
4 What is the capital of Burkina Faso ?
1 what tv game appearance once saw a contestant admit to picking his toes in the appearanceer ?
3 who created the imaginary being of scrooge ?
1 what color are school busbar ?
4 what united states city produces the most vegetable oil ?
4 kosovo is a state of what country ?
3 who played for the chicago bears , houston oilers and oakland raiders in a 26-year pro contact sport career ?
4 Where can I find info on Alexander Mackenzie ?
1 Which mosquito 's bite draws blood , DT NN CC DT NN .
5 how long does a canine sleep ?
5 how fast must a spacecraft motion to escape earth 's gravity ?
0 What happens to the female body with lack of sleep and food ?
1 What animal 's tail is called a brush ?
1 what military action did the potsdam conference follow ?
3 what u.s. university boasts the largest room ?
3 what is the protagonist 's language unit in dostoevski 's `` the idiot '' ?
0 What 's nature 's purpose for tornadoes ?
3 who is the famous sister of actress olivia de havilland ?
1 what is the electronic device used to produce visual display corresponding to electric signals ?
3 What organization was founded by the Rev. Jerry Falwell ?
1 what football bowl game 's first insect was hallie woods ?
3 Name the Ranger who was always after Yogi Bear .
0 what is the origin of the language unit `` tampon '' ?
3 who are the nomadic hunting and gathering tribe of the kalahari desert in africa ?
5 How much money was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
4 what mountain range is traversed by the highest railway in the world ?
4 What were the first bodies visited by spacecraft ?
5 how fast is a 45mhz central processing unit ?
3 what french architect declared : `` the jean is the destructor ! it is a dictator ! it is destroying creativity. the jean must be stopped ! '' ?
0 What was the claim to fame of Explorer I , launched February 1 , 1958 ?
4 what man-made waterways is 1.76 linear unit long ?
5 how many years ago did led zeppelin dismissal its last album ?
1 what is a fear of graveness ?
3 who is the father of the computer ?
5 cnn began broadcasting in what time period ?
0 what is recruitment interview method ?
4 what country surrounds san marino , the natural object 's smallest republic ?
5 how many types of lemur are there ?
3 who played humpty dumpty in the 1933 movie alice in wonderland ?
4 where are zebra most likely found ?
5 when was the first successful kernel transplant for a human ?
1 What is a fear of stings ?
0 for what reason did some san diego educational institution stop serving apples ?
1 What is the most common cancer ?
1 what drug is often used to treat aids case ?
3 what part did john peter zenger play in the deveopment of the press in america ?
1 what kind of sport team is the buffalo sabres ?
4 Where is Romania located ?
5 how long does it take for your natural object to restore blood after you donate your blood ?
1 What is a fear of fish ?
3 what athlete makes the most money from sport merchandise sales ?
5 what is the approximate weight of a teaspoon of topic in a black hole ?
1 What was the name of the U.S. Navy gunboat in the film The Sand Pebbles ?
0 what is the lost colony ?
5 how many types of dogs ' formalwear are there - three
3 who invented the electric guitar ?
1 what spider makes a superb pet , even said to recognize its victor ?
4 Where can I find examples of legal cases about the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act ?
3 what author of the days of our lives cookbook signed on in 198 as liz chandler in tv 's days of our lives ?
3 who sued the dannon yougurt company for using a character named ron raider for message ?
1 what animal was the hotness-seeking missile called the sidewinder named for ?
3 Who was the lead actress in the movie ` Sleepless in Seattle ' ?
0 what are the medical goal of `` clitoridectomy '' ?
0 what is the quality between a college and a university ?
1 what is a fear of crystals or solid ?
0 what is the origin of the term `` buffalo wings '' that is used as a bill item in bars across the nation for chicken wings in a spicey sauce ?
0 what is the cultural point of the ceremony of potlatch ?
5 how many movie did ingmar bergman make ?
3 what bread company used to feature spine of the cisco kid on the ends of their packages ?
5 of children between the long time of two and eleven , what percentage watch `` the simpsons '' ?
4 what south american assets is the world 's highest ?
1 name a technique widely used to detect beginning defects ?
4 what are the defamation of the tourist attractions in reims ?
1 in what movie is the act nine found in the title ?
4 what 's the language unit of the temple that is located near the capital city of laos ?
3 what mustachioed performer portrayed frankie in north to alaska ?
0 why do some jets have a suspension trail , and others do not ?
3 who did napolean frustration at jena and auerstadt ?
0 how can multitude from ireland come to the u.s. , work , and then return to ireland ?
3 what u.s. congressman said : `` keep the religion , baby '' .
5 How many miles is it from NY to Austria ?
3 what is the name of joan jett 's social group ?
3 what japanese electronics company was named for a coastal municipality northeast of tokyo ?
1 in what book can i find the message of aladdin ?
3 which japanese car maker had its biggest share of sale in the domestic market ?
5 when was china 's first nuclear experiment ?
3 what are the major companies that are character of dow jones ?
3 Name the two blob members of the animated Herculoids .
5 what is the recomended age to switch a child from a crib to a seam ?
1 What kind of weapons were used in Medieval warfare ?
5 How many tiles did the Space Shuttle Columbia lose on its second flight ?
4 what scandinavian nation covers 173 , 732 square miles ?
3 what terrorist abstraction was headed by donald defreeze ?
3 who was maria theresa ?
3 which is the only dick tracy unwelcome person to appear three times ?
0 how can you define fourth dimension ?
1 what john steinbeck novel portrays the joad syndicate , driven from the oklahoma dustbowl ?
5 how many inches over six animal foot is the venus de milo ?
0 What is a heuristic ?
5 what is the all-time stock high of apple computer , and where can i find this data ?
1 what was the top container office movie in april 1998 ?
1 what cable car was driven in the 199 release of `` smokey and the bandit '' ?
5 what time of sidereal day did emperor hirohito die ?
1 what mixture do copper and tin form ?
4 What Texas city got its name from the Spanish for `` yellow '' ?
0 in my antonia , how is mr. shimerda out of point on the farm ?
1 what military action saw battles at parrot 's beak and black virgin ?
4 What U.S. state boasts Leif Ericson Park ?
4 what nation was sir edmund hillary born in ?
3 who are the corporate executive of mexico and indonesia ?
5 what is the pig population of the worldly concern ?
3 who was william henry harrison ?
2 What is p.m. an abbreviation for , as in 5 p.m. ?
4 What U.S. state is Fort Knox in ?
4 What southeast Asian country has the Wang River joining the Ping River at Tak ?
5 how many right to vote in congress dissented from the 1941 declaration of war with japan ?
5 what time of year has the most air locomotion ?
1 Name a movie that the actress , Sandra Bullock , had a role in .
3 Who shoplifts ?
3 who coined the term nn computer network `` in his novel nn neuromancer '' ?
4 what southwestern administrative district is dubbed the silver administrative district ?
3 Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?
4 What is the second highest mountain peak in the world ?
1 What 's bottled in jeroboams ?
3 who asked you to do the loco-motion with her in 1962 ?
1 Which airplane was Fawaz Younis convicted of hijacking ?
1 what output failure caused the irish famine ?
0 what do i need to do to take my dog with me to live in dominica , west indies for a class ?
4 what city boasts penn 's landing , on the botanist of the delaware river ?
1 What do I call the sons and daughters of my first cousins ?
3 who was chosen to be the first black president of the military joint chiefs of staff ?
1 what tv serial features the adventures of a married couple named jonathan and jennifer ?
0 What are the Poconos ?
0 what will a navigational instrument do in outer space ?
3 who was the first woman golfer to earn a million ?
1 what substance contain the most protein ?
3 who played the relation of the godfather in the movie , ` the godfather ' ?
1 What is Nebraska 's most valuable resource ?
2 What is the abbreviation for Original Equipment Manufacturer ?
3 who claims to have the greatest show on earth ?
0 How does the Elongated Man know a mystery is afoot ?
5 What was Einstein 's IQ ?
4 what peruvian city is home to the mummified natural object of francisco pizarro ?
3 what department store recipient is responsible for raising a three-ton safe from the underwater wreckage of the andrea doria ?
1 what then-derogatory term was applied to the artist monet , sisley , pissarro , renoir and degas ?
0 what is the point of the name igor ?
5 what is the act of american soldiers deployed to south korea ?
3 Who is Archie Bunker 's son-in-law ?
3 what photographic equipment company said , `` if you haven 't got the time , we 've got the photographic equipment ? ''
4 Where is Kings Canyon ?
5 what ratio of children of ages between two and eleven vigil ` the simpsons ' ?
5 Independent silversmith 's account for what percentage of silver production ?
5 What is the first day of the week ?
0 what is the origin of external body part lice ?
3 who 's won the most oscars for costume design ?
5 what year did the vietnam war goal ?
0 What is the origin of the word Marijuana ?
4 what is the smallest nation in africa ?
1 What is a fear of food ?
4 What is website of the International Court of Justice ?
3 what civil war general wreaked havoc on the south by marching through georgia on his way to the body of water ?
5 How much money can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
4 what islands got their name from the spanish baja Gregorian calendar month , meaning shallow water ?
5 how many time period a day does the typical person go to the bathroom ?
5 when were fish first believed to be found on terrestrial planet ?
5 when does the average teenager first have intercommunication ?
3 who accompanied space ghost on his deputation ?
5 what is the airport written communication for los angeles international ?
0 How do you correctly say the word ` qigong ' ?
5 where does the u.s. rank and file among world countries in area ?
5 what was the average being expectancy during the stone age ?
3 what feathered cartoon fictional character do yugoslavians know as vlaja , gaja , and raja ?
5 how old is musician freedy johnston ?
0 how do building complex make food ?
4 which political unit is known as `` big bear '' ?
1 the operating organization that runs on ibm-compatible machines is called what ?
0 how was the part calcium named ?
1 What age followed the Bronze Age ?
4 where do timbre drinks begin ?
0 what is carpal passageway syndrome ?
3 what was the name of the confederate mounted guerrilla abstraction with which jesse james and coleman younger had ridden ?
1 what is a fear of medium of exchange ?
4 what states do not have state income levy ?
0 how is silk display done ?
0 how did the u.s. come into the possession of an conglomerate in the wake of the spanish-american war ?
0 what is accomplishment interview technique ?
0 What is cache memory ?
3 what famous soldier was born in europe , died in asia , and was laid to remainder in africa ?
1 what do opposite external body part of a die always add up to ?
4 what country is home to heineken brew ?
0 what is einsteinium-commeinsteiniumrceinsteinium ?
3 what enigmatic u.s. vice corporate executive was once tried and acquitted for treason in a plot to set up his own independent empire in the west ?
1 Name a novel written by John Steinbeck .
3 What knighted actor narrates TV 's The World at War ?
1 what jewish vacation saw the start of the 1973 mideast war ?
3 what actor and world war ii airman had a $5 , 0 bounty put on his external body part by hermann goering ?
3 what singer 's theme birdcall was when the moon comes over the mountain ?
4 what islands got their name from the spanish baja mar , meaning shallow body of water ?
3 Whom does Uncle Duke 's girl friend , Honey , room with ?
3 What TV comediennes 's characters include former movie star Nora Desmond , secretary Mrs. Wiggins and a housewife named Eunice ?
3 Which police department made the largest cocaine seizure ever in Ventura County ?
3 name the food ship's company that traveled to soviet georgia to film a series of ads .
1 which operating system runs on ibm-compatible machine ?
1 what kind of pisces is a coney ?
1 the corpus callosum is in what part of the natural object ?
0 why did the world enter a global psychological state in 1929 ?
0 What is idealab ! ?
1 What `` little red car '' is mentioned in pop singer Prince 's hit song ?
5 What is the starting salary of a radiographer ?
3 What ill-fated American general dragged a bull terrier named Willie through World War II ?
0 what is a mathematical cause ?
0 What is the origin of the word nevermind ?
3 what ship's company started out making pies , and wound up manufacturing plastic throwing toys ?
5 what percentage of the body is contractile organ ?
3 what company activitys the unfamiliar faces of its celebrity spokespeople to promote the activity of its product ?
5 when was the struggle of the somme fought ?
0 what effect does lsd have on the neural structure ?
5 what percentage of the world 's building complex and animal species can be found in the amazon forests ?
0 What is Smartnet ?
1 what are the two largest birds on terrestrial planet ?
1 Musician Ray Charles plays what instrument ?
1 what trade did the 15th and 16th hundred portuguese hope to control between asia and europe ?
1 what is the language unit of the game that garry kasparov plays ?
1 what did the chinese emperor present to the english soldier gordon in recognition of his services in quelling resistance ?
1 what frederick forsyth fiction chronicles the toppling of an african government by mercenaries ?
1 What is a fear of passing high objects ?
0 What is meant by `` capital market '' ?
1 what british tv ordering featured emma peel ?
1 What are some good exercises for kids to do ?
1 what is a emotion of sourness ?
1 what product ends with the line : `` this is mrs. norman maine '' ?
1 which leg does a cat move with its left front leg when walking - its left formation or right formation leg ?
0 How can I trace my family roots ?
0 how do i register a craft name in north carolina ?
0 how can i find a phone number of causal agent if i only know their email address ?
5 How many colors are there in a rainbow ?
0 what does the language unit melissa mean ?
3 name the two child saved by the animated moby dick .
1 what did the chinese emperor butterfly present to the english soldier gordon in recognition of his services in quelling rebellions ?
3 what occupation has the highest divorce magnitude relation ?
1 what anesthetic did queen victoria allow to be used for the beginning of her seventh child , in 1853 ?
3 name of the powerful white trader in conrad 's `` heart of darkness '' ?
0 how can i get some free technical message on electric vehicle ?
3 what field game team did wayne gretzky play for ?
3 who is the son-in-collection of sen. everett dirkson who was also a senator in the '70 's ?
0 what did fcc chairman newton minow declare tv to be on may 9 , 1961 ?
0 what is the beginning of the candy cane at christmas ?
5 when did the dow first range ?
3 what comedian created a punch-drunk boxer named cauliflower mcpugg ?
5 how many property cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
3 who is the author of the publication , `` the iron lady : a biography of margaret thatcher '' ?
0 what are shooting celestial body ?
3 who was the first black to be head coach of a major league pro sport team ?
1 in what film did steven spielberg 's pawl star as the main character 's pawl ?
5 where does the u.s. rank among world country in area ?
1 what plant has the largest semen ?
5 What was the date of Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait ?
1 What was the name of the movie that starred Sharon Stone and Arnold Schwarzenegger ?
3 who sent the brief message `` i came , i saw , i conquered '' ?
4 what are the five richest countries in the natural object ?
3 who was chief engineer of the starship enterprise ?
0 what causes canker sores in the rima ?
0 where did the condition `` 86 '' come from ?
3 What kind of business is 7-Eleven ?
5 how many achromatic color served in the vietnam war
1 what category of meat is fray bentos synonymous with ?
3 who was darius ?
1 what powdered soft drink concoction went into space ?
0 what is object-oriented creating by mental acts ?
0 What personality traits are Capricorns said to have ?
4 where on the internet can i find a birdcall lyrics database similar to the international lyrics server ?
5 what are the unemployment statistics for the class 1965 and 1990 ?
0 how can i call a friend in another country when i do not know the electronic equipment number ?
1 what is a term for demeanor , appearance , or expression that violates the accepted standards of sexual morality ?
0 what is an urban story ?
1 what category of flowers does detective nero wolfe raise ?
4 what is the largest place of business block in the world ?
0 what did the confederate constitution say about subjugation ?
1 what is a concern of home surroundings ?
4 Where does the U.S. get most of its energy ?
5 when did mount st. helen last have a major bang ?
0 why do some clothing label say `` use a nonchlorine bleach '' ?
5 how many states have a `` citrus law '' for new automobiles ?
0 how does a copier employment ?
5 what is the being span of the average monkey ?
1 What kind of sport is often associated with hooligans ?
5 how many administrative district did richard nixon carry in 1972 ?
0 what nuclear summons takes place in an h-bomb ?
0 what qualifications are there for person donating blood ?
4 what are the capital municipality of the two large countries that occupy the iberian peninsula in europe ?
0 What was the Long March in China ?
4 Where is Santa Lucia ?
3 what university football unit did o.j. simpson take to the rose bowl ?
1 name a product in which jude law acted .
3 What 1920s cowboy star rode Tony the Wonder Horse ?
0 How were the days of the week named ?
4 what administrative district do not have state income tax ?
1 what 's known as the queen of drinks ?
1 what document did president andrew johnson want a written record of placed under his head upon his burial ?
5 how many group does honda employ in the u.s. ?
1 What is a research expedition in mountain climbing ?
5 how many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air travel outside ?
0 how does a hydroelectric decameter work ?
4 Where was the largest concentration camp in World War II ?
1 what types of water contamination are there ?
3 what creative ace said : `` everything comes to him who hustles while he waits '' ?
0 what causes the consistency to shiver in cold temperatures ?
3 what japanese manufacturer is known for both its piano and its motorcycles ?
3 who 's the king of swing ?
1 What six words follow the line : `` From a jack to a king.. . '' ?
1 what children 's fib contains the line : `` come , cinderslut , and hold this skein of wool for me '' ?
1 what 's the only color johnny cash wear on stage ?
1 what magazine paid ernest hemingway $15 a word to write a bullfighting nonfiction ?
3 who portrayed maggio in the film from here to eternity ?
0 how is binary compound treated to make it safe to drink ?
5 how many continent are there ?
1 Name a movie about the Sioux Indians starring Kevin Costner .
3 what was the name given the 6 , 500 german airforce troops that used the spanish civil war as a training effort ?
3 who was the last womanhood executed in england ?
3 who led the opposition when konrad adenauer was chancellor in germany ?
1 what nevil shute novel is about the doomed survivors of a nuclear military action ?
4 Where can I get information about cystic fibrosis ?
3 What famous soldier was born in Europe , died in Asia , and was laid to rest in Africa ?
5 what is the approximate people of las vegas , n.m ?
5 in what year was the first patent for the pull-tab undoer on cans obtained ?
0 why do we ask for the `` check '' and not the bill at a building ?
1 What sport do the Cleaveland Cavaliers play ?
3 who was the author of `` john brown 's body '' ?
3 who discovered physical phenomenon ?
1 what broadway musical featured the song , `` if i were a rich adult ? ''
0 Why is hockey so violent ?
4 Where can an individual get a contact lens tested that burned the entire surface of eye when new ?
1 what is a concern of failure ?
3 Who holds the career record for the most major league home runs ?
5 when do you plant winter pale yellow ?
0 what is a pig in a pokeweed ?
5 what is the current slate fare from from cairo to barbados ?
5 How loud is thunder ?
4 what political unit is home to heineken beer ?
4 where can i find message about touring the philippines ?
3 who invented the game scrabble ?
3 who did bobby fischer beat to win the world chess backing ?
3 who was the lyricist and who was the composer between gilbert and sullivan ?
4 Where is Amsterdam ?
4 what is drew barrymore 's email code ?
3 what civil war general wreaked havoc on the south by marching through georgia on his way to the ocean ?
3 what famous film and tv cowboy lent his name to a fast food chain ?
1 What three colors are on the French flag ?
3 who is the businessman of cnn ?
0 how does the chain of command work inside an us united states army apache helicopter ?
4 what european nation is home to the beer-producing city of budweis ?
3 What is a society ruled by elders ?
3 what american police sergeant lost both of his hands in combat during world war ii and then went on to act in a single movie for which he won two oscars ?
4 what municipality is the setting for puccini 's opera la boheme ?
3 what tv family sometimes buys cream puff from nelson 's bakery ?
3 what are the first names of rowan and martin , the stars of tv 's laugh-in ?
5 What is the population of Arcadia , Florida ?
3 name the u.s. senate majority person and the speaker of the house .
5 How fast do cheetahs run ?
1 what sport features slotbacks , tailback , and touchbacks ?
3 who portrayed prewett in from here to eternity ?
5 what 's the maximum number of clubs a player may use in a round ?
3 who was samuel johnsons 's friend and biographer ?
5 how many consecutive baseball activity did lou gehrig play ?
4 what african country was founded by freed american slave in 1847 ?
1 What TV show did John Sebastian sing the theme for ?
1 what is the auditory communication used in the new vw beetle commercial where the car spins and changes colors ?
0 what are some children 's right field ?
5 what class did the first issue of `` playboy '' come out ?
3 name the food company that traveled to soviet georgia to film a serial of ads .
3 what onetime member of ronald reagan 's cabinet called federal policy toward indians `` an example of the failure of political orientation '' ?
0 what is code piracy ?
3 who was the star witness at the senate watergate earshot ?
3 who won the 1968 california democratic primary coil ?
4 On what river is Strasbourg built ?
3 what presidential press secretary dismissed watergate as a third-magnitude relation burglary attempt ?
3 Who should I call to get a tour of the New York Stock Exchange ?
3 what little son and dog live in a shoe ?
1 Name a Sioux language .
0 what is the purpose of the sysrq winder on my computer winderboard ?
4 what municipality is . kdge radio located in ?
2 CNN is an acronym for what ?
3 who won two gold medals in skiing in the olympic games in calgary ?
2 what does the e point of view for in the equation e=mc2 ?
0 What is splatterpunk ?
5 what is the approximate weight unit of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole ?
0 what is the nature of snow and how is the geological formation of snow different from that of ice ?
3 What is the real name of the singer , Madonna ?
5 how many watts make a power unit ?
4 what man-made waterways is 1.76 nautical mile long ?
4 in what administrative district was there an 11 million gallon oil spill ?
4 what two country fought the hundred years ' war ?
4 what is the greatest walk web site ?
5 how many south american countries have the letter z in their defamation ?
3 who sued the dannon yougurt ship's company for using a character named ron raider for promotion ?
0 how can i find a list of , fax and or email , addresses for human assets departments in massachusetts ?
1 Which produces the longer sperm - an elephant or a mouse ?
1 what type of animal is the easiest kept positron emission tomography there is ?
1 What is a fear of motion ?
0 how do you make a computer bit ?
3 name the institution that used the line , `` even your best friend won 't tell you '' in its ad ?
1 In Hemingway 's `` Old Man and the Sea , '' what kind of fish does the old man catch ?
3 which of the following important person started his show-biz career as a disc jockey ?
0 what good are mosquito ?
3 Who is the prophet that is most connected to the Dead Sea ?
1 what is the scotch `` for people who know the quality '' ?
4 what administrative district 's home to the buffalo bill historical center ?
5 what is the federal extremum wage ?
3 what is the full name of the man who invented the multicolored activity cube that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations ?
3 what singer 's subject song was when the moon comes over the mountain ?
0 How can you tell when figs are ripe ?
3 What two commanders directed the forces in the Battle of El Alamein ?
3 what cherokee indian gave his language unit to a tree ?
5 how many time of life old is benny carter ?
1 which limb does a cat move with its left front limb when walking - its left rear or right rear limb ?
3 what singer 's theme musical composition was when the moon comes over the mountain ?
3 who is the richest womanhood in the world ?
5 How many CDs has Garth Brooks sold ?
4 what country 's assets is tirana ?
3 what author of the days of our lives cookbook signed on in 198 as liz chandler in tv 's days of our lives ?
5 how many characters makes up a word for typing test goal ?
3 who played the father on `` charles in charge '' ?
3 who commanded the french influence at the battle of orleans ?
5 how much does a new railroad fossil fuel car cost ?
1 what was the name of the american ship sunk by a excavation in havana harbor , causing the spanish-american war ?
1 what song served as the closing message of the johnny cash show ?
3 what television net flogged its sports programming on inga nielsen 's body in 197 ?
5 how many multitude live in tokyo ?
3 what former president of the united states 's daughter has written a book titled murder in the white house ?
3 what writer landed a 468-pound marlin without harness in the early 193 's ?
1 what flower did vincent van gogh rouge ?
3 who was america 's first public enemy no. 1 ?
1 what was mae west 's last movie ?
4 where can i find the schematics to the windshield wiper chemical process ?
3 what was american folk hero john chapman 's appellation ?
2 What does VCR stand for ?
1 what george harrison music sounded too much like he 's so fine by the chiffons ?
5 how many emperor were there in the roman empire ?
4 Where are the busiest ports in the world ?
5 how many written record of an album must be sold for it to be a gold album ?
1 what was the name of the order agreement imposed on germany after world war i ?
5 what are the odds of giving parturition to twins ?
1 what game 's board shows the district of irkutsk , yakutsk and kamchatka ?
1 What was the orca 's name that died of a fungal infection at Sea World ?
3 what argentine revolutionist fought with castro and died in bolivia in may , 1979 ?
1 what are some discipline fair projects for 8th graders ?
4 where can i find a happening on americans with disabilities act of 199 ?
4 what municipality was bobby kennedy assassinated in ?
0 why were the american soldiers in wwi called `` doughboys ''
0 how do i find out about occupation ?
0 What did the Confederate Constitution say about slavery ?
5 where does the u.s. line among world countries in area ?
1 What are the historical trials following World War II called ?
3 what u.s. frailty-president said : `` some newspapers dispose of their garbage by printing it '' ?
1 What Nevil Shute novel is about the doomed survivors of a nuclear war ?
1 what did a 16th-century aztec athlete get for putting a latex ball through a ring ?
0 how can i find a list of , fax and or email , address for human resource departments in massachusetts ?
5 when is the jimmy buffett concert coming to the e center in camden nj ?
5 how many quarters equal a egyptian pound ?
1 what 's the only color johnny cash deterioration on stage ?
1 What 1964 film introduced the song My Kind of Town ?
5 how many different countries export beverage ?
1 what coloring material is most often used to symbolize truth ?
5 How tall is Prince Charles ?
0 why was henry ford 's first motor vehicle calleda model t & his second type of motor vehicle , introduced in 1928 , called a model a ?
1 what nantucket shipwreck killed more divers exploring it than the 52 group it sank with ?
0 What is Nitrox diving ?
3 what is the name of the womanhood who was with john belushi when he died ?
1 what is a concern of punishment ?
5 how many hummingbird testiss could fit in one ostrich testis ?
3 what was the christian name of the title imaginary being in our miss brooks ?
3 what was fred astaire 's dancing partner 's language unit ?
1 what medium put the beatles on the cover of time in 1967 ?
1 what is the longest word in the english communication ?
4 where was the first facility in the u.s. ?
1 what weapon is the mythological imaginary being apollo most proficient with ?
0 how is a hydrogen turkey different from a nuclear turkey ?
0 What happened to Moon Maiden ?
0 what is a leaky heart structure ?
1 what jules verne novel features scientists held captive in the bomber nautilus ?
1 what movie tour of the roman conglomerate features the admonition : `` row well and live '' ?
3 what performer was banned from the ed sullivan show for allegedly making an obscene gesture at the show 's host ?
3 What radio , TV and movie character did Jackie Gleason and William Bendix play ?
0 where did the condition `` 86ed '' come from ?
1 what illness did august von wassermann develop a specific test for in 196 ?
3 what green bay packers coach philosophized : `` there 's nothing that stokes the happening like hate '' ?
1 what 's the condition for any four-sided figure ?
1 what is the rounded relation on the top of a matchbook called ?
0 What does Inuit and Eskimo mean ?
4 where can i get plant fiber textiles importer details ?
5 how many neurons are in the human genius ?
0 what is the origin of the peace signal ?
1 What Frederick Forsyth novel chronicles the toppling of an African government by mercenaries ?
5 what 's men 's par on a 455-yard golf trap ?
3 what american won the world grand prix driving backing in 1978 ?
5 What is the salary of a U.S. Representative ?
4 what were the first three city to have a population of more than a million ?
0 what is foxglove ?
5 how many bottles of wine were prisoner in the bastille allowed per day ?
3 What president also became a supreme court justice ?
1 what five-time winner of the kentucky derby lost his first 25 race ?
5 how far out is the population ?
1 what color is chablis ?
3 who was the first king of england ?
5 what is the recommended weight unit of a 15 year-old male that is 5 , 6 ?
4 what nation would you visit to ski in the dolomites ?
5 what is the fourth dimension it takes a typist to type a screenplay that is 100 pages long ?
3 what was the name of randy steven craft 's professional ?
1 What is a fear of color ?
5 what is the average weight unit for a man ?
4 in what state was the first cobalt-educational cobaltllege established
5 how many people in the usa say their number one source of data is the newspaper ?
3 who was the first black performer to have his own system tv show ?
4 what is bill gates of microsoft e-mail address ?
1 what are the shortest and the longest birdcall ever produced ?
1 which mosquito 's bite draws blood , dt nn cc dt nn .
0 what is megan 's collection ?
0 why does a woman have to be a virgin to be a conical buoy ?
4 what nation lies directly south of detroit ?
4 what direction do most baseball sound propertyers sound property toward ?
3 name the designer of the shoe that spawned millions of plastic doctrine , known as ` jellies ' .
3 what basketball player is credited with 23 , 924 movement ?
4 What North American city would you visit to see Cleopatra 's Needle ?
0 why did several san diego schools remove apples from enrollee menus ?
5 how many large integer of students attend the university of massachusetts ?
4 What Asian city boasts the world 's biggest bowling alley ?
3 what creative genius said : `` everything comes to him world health organization hustles while he waits '' ?
1 what process would you expect to read about in the monthly publication the bigfoot news ?
4 what direction do the best surfing geological formation face ?
0 What is ouzo ?
4 what is bill gross 's email savoir-faire ?
1 what military action was fought by the spanish as far as the philippines ?
3 name a canine cartoon fictional character other than huckleberry hound to have a voice by daws butler .
4 What continent pushes up the Executive Committee mountain range ?
0 What were the first words spoken on a film sound track ?
1 name the vessel used by the atari force in the dc cartoon .
4 what administrative district is edmonton located in ?
5 what month , date , and class did charles i die ?
3 what king boycotted prince charles 's ceremony ?
3 Which Rockefeller was sometimes called `` JDR3 '' ?
4 where can i get cotton textiles businessperson details ?
3 who is actress goldie hawn 's current actor boyfriend ?
3 who played the title role in my favorite martian ?
0 why are ice cream ice-cream sundae called ice-cream sundae ?
1 name four famous cartoon cats .
5 how many linear unit are there between tel aviv , israel and memphis , tennessee ?
1 what color is the eight-ball in pouch billiards ?
5 how many Ugandan monetary unit more than 2 were there in a guinea ?
1 what is a fear of going to seam ?
3 What 's the middle name of movie producer Joseph E. Levine ?
1 what two produce are combined in succotash ?
0 what 's a short long ton ?
5 how big is our galax in diameter ?
1 what color was the hundred rank crayon made by crayola ?
0 what is the largest variety of succulent ?
3 who was the first black performer to have his own network tv show ?
5 how many professional are there in the state of new jersey ?
1 What are some translations of the phrase `` Thank-you '' ?
1 what food of the three carnivore did goldilocks eat ?
3 who makes the `` cross-your-heart bra '' ?
0 how did people respond to the content of the first millenium ?
0 Where did the term fireplug come from ?
1 What songs were popular in 1948 ?
3 who is the incredible hulk in world ?
1 what sport is chris jogis a top actor of ?
5 how much is clara peller being paid by wendy 's to say `` where 's the cattle '' ?
4 What were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ?
0 how can i gain right to a spy satelite ?
4 what is answers.com 's code ?
3 what performer , who had greatest fame on tv , became the father of triplets ?
4 what continent 's second-highest limit is mont blanc ?
5 what are the property of an ice hockey goal ?
1 what type of use burns the most calories ?
3 what italian leader had a lifelong emotion of the evil eye ?
0 What does verdandi mean ?
4 Where did surfing originate ?
4 what political unit is the largest diamond producer ?
4 what london street claims to be the world center for force 's tailoring ?
5 What is the most number of goals scored by a single team in an NHL hockey game ?
1 What song put James Taylor in the limelight ?
1 what is the quickest and easiest way to get nail radiance out of clothes ?
0 what is the difference between a circuit board of directors and an advisory circuit board ?
5 what year did degas create the bronze plastic art , `` fourth position front ? ''
0 what do i need to do to take my canine with me to live in dominica , west indies for a year ?
1 what is the rarest coinage ?
1 what is the name given to a group of goose ?
1 what 1895 h.g. wells fiction was written under the title the chronic argonauts ?
5 how many times does the tide ebb and flow each sidereal day ?
1 what is the high pitched sound that you hsense organ in your sense organ every now and then , but then it goes away , after a while ?
1 what is the term that describes a word where only one usage has been recorded in all writing ?
0 what is deviation between a poster and a print ?
4 which sphere produces the least acidic coffee ?
3 What celebrity couple , when going through a divorce , divided their toilet paper into two equal piles ?
4 what nation is mount everest in ?
1 What common livestock have the greatest variety of breeds ?
0 what does the word glory hole mean ?
3 name a tooth cartoon character other than huckleberry hound to have a voice by daws butler .
0 why are there letter on the telephone ? why are there no q or z ?
1 what breed of canine was the `` little rascals '' canine ?
5 When was the G7 group of nations formed ?
0 what is the definition of a waterfall ?
1 what is the term for a group of goose ?
4 Where 's Montenegro ?
3 who fired maria ybarra from her military position in san diego council ?
1 wheaddress kind of headdress does bat masterson wear ?
0 how do anti-locking brake work ?
1 what tv game show once saw a contestant admit to picking his toe in the shower ?
3 who was the author of the fiction `` far from the madding crowd '' ?
4 what construction are british monarchs crowned in ?
5 How many years of schooling after highschool does it take to become a neurosurgeon ?
1 what 's the favorite food of odonate ?
5 what is the average fourth dimension it takes for a male to ejaculate ?
3 what 's the better-known identity of john merrick , the noble unpleasant person of victorian england ?
1 what is the name of the dog on the cracker jack corner ?
0 how do i know if i 'm jealous of causal agent ?
3 Who portrayed Field Marshal Erwin Rommel in The Desert Fox ?
1 what meat complemented sweet potatoes and peas in the first tv dinner ?
4 what political unit 's capital is lagos ?
5 how many times has harold stassen announced a campaign for the white house ?
1 what kind of education do i need to become a flight accompaniment ?
3 what is alice cooper 's real language unit ?
0 How do you buy stocks ?
5 the iraqis launched their attack on kuwait on what time unit ?
1 what lewis carroll publication introduced humpty dumpty to the world ?
5 how many group was randy craft convicted of murdering ?
0 How do they type Chinese characters on a keyboard ?
5 how long do you have to live in a gathering to vote ?
3 name dick tracy 's two child .
3 what army 's motto is blood and fire ?
1 what horse won an associated press poll as the greatest horse of the 20th century ?
5 how many product are made by the major studios in a year ?
0 what was the first funk 'n lata , brazilian group , achiever ?
3 who are the top 10 richest group in the world ?
3 whose toleration speech of more than 3 minutes prompted a time limit on academy award thank-yous ?
1 what does a chairbound basophobic emotion ?
5 what is the gestation period for human physical condition ?
3 what high educational institution does archie attend ?
5 how many russians have landed on the satellite ?
1 what is chronic symptom a symptom of ?
1 what is the dialogue traffic circle in cartoons called ?
4 What is the largest city in Germany ?
0 how can i gain access to a secret agent satelite ?
5 How many major Nazi leaders went on trial after the war at Nuremberg ?
4 in what country is a stuck-out spit a friendly greeting ?
3 who invented the vacuum formulation ?
0 what are the major differences in the catholic and methodist religion ?
1 What are the first ten amendements passed ?
3 who was the democratic nominee in the american presidential vote ?
5 how many linear unit is it from ny to austria ?
0 what 's nature 's purpose for tornado ?
1 what alloy do copper and metallic element form ?
5 how many cable television support the main span of the golden gate bridge ?
1 what animal was the heat-seeking rocket called the sidewinder named for ?
4 what mountainous region of the world is the lhasa apso canine native to ?
4 what tokyo street glitter with famed department stores and nightclubs ?
5 What year was Janet Jackson 's first album released ?
1 in kafka 's metamorphosis , the hero awakes one time period to find himself turned into what ?
3 who is the richest adult in the world ?
1 what 's the term for a bet before card game are dealt ?
4 where can i find the status of my levy return ?
4 what 's the oldest capital municipality in the americas ?
5 how many trees go into paper production in a year ?
1 what color are the castellated partition of the kremlin ?
5 how long would it take for a $ rescue bond to mature ?
1 what musical legal document did prewitt play in james jones 's from here to eternity ?
0 why do ocean contain salt water instead of fresh water ?
4 what are some good medical sites for data ?
4 What country 's people are the top television watchers ?
0 what facial feature of speech typically contains about 55 hairs ?
3 what writer is famous for physically putting himself into the area of his subject matter ?
1 what is dr. seuss ' most popular publication ?
5 when was cigarette advertising banned on television and radio receiver ?
5 how much of the silver act is manufactured by independent silversmiths ?
3 who did napolean ending at jena and auerstadt ?
3 What Argentine boxer was shot dead outside a Nevada brothel in May ?
4 what famed london criminal court was once a feudal mansion ?
0 What does the name Melissa mean ?
1 what was the result to the moon 's balloon ?
1 What part of your body contains the corpus callosum ?
3 what is michael jackson 's founder 's name ?
4 what political unit and western singer is known as the silver fox ?
5 approximately how much does a containerful of matter weigh in a black hole ?
5 how many course of whiskers does a cat have ?
1 what is a concern of machinery ?
0 why is the development of attribute so important ?
1 what astronomical phenomenon takes seat in jan. 1999 ?
0 Why do they sterilize the needle for lethal injection ?
5 how many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air travel outside ?
0 why does a wheel , e.g. a cable car tire , appear to spin in the opposite direction as it slows down ?
1 what two major world religion began in india ?
3 who came up with the language unit , el nino ?
3 what was american folk champion john chapman 's nickname ?
0 what is a specialist ?
0 why is microsoft 's windows 3 such a successful computer idea ?
3 what actor came to dinner in guess who 's coming to dinner ?
1 What food did Marco Polo introduce into Italy from the court of Kubla Khan ?
3 who made the musical plea be true to your school ?
3 What comedian has a legendary reputation for stealing jokes ?
1 what are the top produce crops in the world ?
4 where did the 6th annual meeting of indonesia-malaysia forest experts take seat ?
5 How long does cocaine stay in your system ?
3 what tv comediennes 's characters include former product star nora desmond , secretary mrs. wiggins and a housewife named eunice ?
0 How do you determine if a computer monitor has an SVGA adapter ?
3 what bestselling modern poet was the monoxide-founder of the famous city lights bookshop in san francismonoxide ?
5 how hot does the region of an active volcano get ?
3 who succeeded nikita khrushchev as first secretary of the communist party ?
0 why should cigarette breathing be banned ?
1 what is a emotion of reptiles ?
0 what happens to used machine oil ?
1 what color , s , appear on boxes of kodak movie ?
3 what comedienne calls her baby-in-law captain bligh and her mother-in-law moby dick ?
3 what is the appellation of the famous flyer who mistakenly flew to ireland instead of to los angeles ?
3 Who sought to create The Great Society ?
3 Who was Scrooge 's dead partner in Dickens 's A Christmas Carol ?
1 in order from the top , the four stripes on a can of pepsi are what semblance ?
5 how many terminology are there in the world ?
1 what is the name of the medical state in which a baby is born without a brain ?
4 where can i get information about cystic pathology ?
0 What is the difference between molecules and compounds ?
3 who was the first american in space ?
5 what was the change toll at the eruption of mount pinatubo ?
3 which japanese car godhead had its biggest percentage of sale in the domestic market ?
5 How much money does the Sultan of Brunei have ?
4 where can i find free piano scores for popular auditory communication ?
4 what russian municipality boasts the hermitage museum ?
0 why are so many canopy black ?
5 what 's the third time period of the gregorian calendar ?
1 What novel has Big Brother watching ?
5 how old is the star ?
3 Name of the lady the Great Gatsby pines for ?
3 which of the following celebrity started his show-biz career as a disc jockey ?
5 how many gallon of water go over niagra falls every second ?
1 what is the name of jamiroquai new medium ?
1 what is the name of the second space badminton equipment ?
2 What does RCA stand for ?
4 what natural object of water does the yukon river empty into ?
4 what mountain range is traversed by the highest railroad in the natural object ?
3 What is the most common name ?
0 what is the difference between a board of administrator and an advisory board ?
5 How tall is kilamanjaro ?
1 what plant is rummy made from ?
5 how much does one ton of concrete cost ?
5 what is average wage of restaurant manager in united states ?
5 how many kind of dogs ' tails are there - three
3 what company markets a cleansing agent `` for brunettes only '' ?
3 Who portrayed W.C. Fields in the film W.C. Fields and Me ?
1 what is bella abzug 's sartorial hallmark ?
5 what proportion of the silver production is done by independent silversmiths ?
0 Why do people get goosebumps when they have something emotional happen to them , like when they hear a beautiful piece of music , or see something beautiful , or get aroused by someone they love ?
1 what color is the cross on switzerland 's emblem ?
5 what 's the maximum amount of clubs a golfer may use in a round ?
3 who created the character james bond ?
5 what seven digits follow the sphere code in the number for long distance information ?
0 How do I legally make my own will and testament ?
4 What country has the best defensive position in the board game Diplomacy ?
4 what u.s. state has the most blond ?
1 name the story by chris van allsburg in the which a boy tries to become a great boater ?
0 what does the number 33 on the rolling rock beer vessel mean ?
1 what visual property were their horses ?
4 Where can I find an Ask An Expert site ?
5 cnn 's first broadcast occurred on what day ?
5 how many american enlisted person are stationed in south korea ?
3 What actress starred in `` The Lion in Winter '' ?
5 How many bends are there in a standard paper clip ?
4 Where could I go to take a ride on a steam locomotive ?
1 what discussion occurs 46 , 227 times in the bible ?
4 what rocky mountain ridge separates north america 's eastward and westward-flowing river ?
3 who is snoopy 's arch-enemy ?
0 How does color affect a person psychologically ?
3 what performer and world war ii airman had a $5 , 0 bounty put on his head by hermann goering ?
5 how many work unit are in a tomato ?
1 What is a fear of water ?
3 What was the name of the 187s Irish terrorist group in Pennsylvania mining areas ?
0 how does ultraviolet actinic radiation damage the dna of skin cells ?
3 what political organization is sinn fein a part of ?
0 what makes black hills , south dakota a traveler attraction ?
3 who was the columbia pictures external body part who forged actor cliff robertson 's name on a $1 , 000 check ?
4 what landmass is bolivia on ?
5 what is the recomended age to switch a child from a crib to a bedroom furniture ?
1 what soft beverage would provide me with the biggest intake of caffeine ?
0 what is the beginning of the first name ` breony ' ?
1 what lewis carroll book introduced humpty dumpty to the worldly concern ?
5 how many states have a `` lemon law '' for new car ?
1 what are the five basic swimming maneuver ?
3 what were babe ruth 's christian defamation ?
0 why does it say on children 's symptom syrup not to drive while using this medication ?
5 how many people in the usa say their number one informant of information is the newspaper ?
5 How many `` eyes '' does a coconut have ?
5 how many american enlisted person have died for their country to date ?
4 where on the web is adventours tours from sydney , australia ?
5 how many athlete did puerto rico enter in the 1984 winter olympics ?
3 what are the first names of the famous spouse-and-wife acting team of lunt and fontanne ?
0 How does psorisis disappear ?
5 What is the chromosome number of an elephant ?
4 where can i find a large database of 5 to 6 letter words ?
5 how many real fruit juice are there in a can of hawaiian punch ?
4 where does buzz aldrin want to build a permanent , manned space post ?
3 who was the columbia pictures head who forged actor cliff robertson 's name on a $1 , 000 check ?
3 what is the name of performer rex harrison 's son , who starred in a modestly popular tv show during the late 1960's ?
3 Name the first private citizen to fly in space .
5 what time unit of the week was july 13 ?
4 Where do I find information for foreclosure properties on the Internet ?
1 what kind of activity do i need to become a flight attendant ?
1 what can discipline satellites offer yachts ?
3 who portrayed the heading character in the film the day of the jackal ?
1 what cbs soap opera was interrupted by the bulletin of john f. kennedy 's character assassination ?
3 What 's the better-known identity of John Merrick , the noble ogre of Victorian England ?
0 what is the message of w.b. yeat 's poem , `` the three hermits ? ''
5 how far can a adult travel in outer space ?
5 what is the latitude and angular distance of el paso , texas ?
3 what american won the world grand prix golf stroke championship in 1978 ?
4 what city would you be in if you were feeding the columbiform bird in the piazza san marco ?
1 what are the most albums sold by one artist or social group ?
1 what war added jeep and quisling to the english terminology ?
4 What country did the Nazis occupy for 1 , CD NNS IN NNP NNP NNP .
2 what is mikhail gorbachev 's middle letter ?
1 what is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of matter of california ?
1 what substance did marco polo introduce into italy from the court of kubla khan ?
1 what is a concern of speaking ?
5 what 's a perfect evaluation in a gymnastics exercise ?
0 what is the point of the term `` blue moon , '' and how often do they occur ?
1 what is the most popular diversion car color ?
1 what diversion is known for hooligans ?
0 in waugh 's `` a handful of dust , '' what does the mad old man force the leader to do every afternoon ?
1 which communication has the most words ?
3 What TV family sometimes buys eclairs from Nelson 's Bakery ?
5 hitler came to quality in germany in what year ?
5 how many column inch over six feet is the venus de milo ?
1 what is the name of the largest water conservancy work in china ?
4 What country boasts the most dams ?
3 who reports the weather on the `` good morning america '' television show ?
1 what is 55 fourth dimension sweeter than cane sugar ?
0 How is silk screening done ?
1 what are some of the significant historical psychological feature of the 1990s ?
4 what do we call the imaginary course along the top of the rocky mountains ?
1 name four comic part about pilots .
1 What term does a Czech use to describe a Pole ?
3 what was fred astaire 's dancing domestic partner 's name ?
3 world health organization was the lawyer world health organization represented randy steven craft ?
0 what do the number 1 , 2 , and 4 mean on dr. pepper vessel ?
5 When is the Jimmy Buffett concert coming to the E center in Camden NJ ?
1 what is a fear of component ?
4 where can i find the lyrics for the song ` getting married today ' from the musical ` company ' ?
1 what was dwight eisenhower 's favorite circuit board game ?
1 what kind of stringed instrument did jimi hendrix play ?
0 why did several san diego schools remove edible fruit from students menus ?
0 where do rock 'n' roll come from ?
2 What is RCD ?
1 what deck of cards includes the wheel of fortune , the lovers , and death ?
0 what motto ended merrie melodies cartoon ?
1 in what deodorant commercial did tenants have adjoining medicine furniture ?
1 what is the longest word in the english terminology ?
1 what is the most popular sports cable car color ?
3 who was ben casey 's supervisor ?
1 what letter appears on the cold-body of water tap in spain ?
1 what helping is made up of rum , coconut milk and pineapple ?
1 What 's the official animal of Canada ?
5 how many group did randy steven craft murder ?
1 What did the ancients call the four great elements ?
5 how many words are there in the spanish terminology ?
4 what is the name of the satellite that the ewoks live on ?
0 How can I get my product licensed by the NBA ?
3 who was secretary of state during the nixon presidency ?
1 which two commodity use a tiger as their symbol ?
5 how many real property in a mile ?
5 what time of year has the most air motion ?
0 how do i get my lan card activated so that it can hook up to another calculator without using a hub ?
3 what fast-food magnate 's initials graced the left cloth covering of the san diego padres ' baseball uniforms in 1984 ?
1 what is a emotion of parasites ?
1 what peter blatty novel recounts the horrors of regan macneil 's possession by the hellion ?
1 what 's the most popular human body of gambling with women in las vegas ?
0 What is a Canada two-penny black ?
1 what airiness is known indelicately as pickled roe ?
4 what political unit is located at 13 degrees north latitude and 10 degrees east longitude ?
0 how does salt melt ice and precipitation ?
5 about how many enlisted person died in world war ii ?
1 what 's the most popular four-player activity of all time ?
0 How did Socrates die ?
5 in what year was de gaulle elected corporate executive of france ?
0 why is microsoft 's windows 3 such a successful machine program ?
1 what is the fastest-growing comic comic strip of all time ?
1 what category of file has the extension .dbf ?
4 what u.s. administrative district boasts stone mountain , the world 's largest mass of exposed granite ?
5 in what class did hitler gain power of germany ?
0 what is the origin of the discussion ozymandias ?
0 What is carpal tunnel syndrome ?
1 what does playboy title its `` continuing dialog on contemporary emergence between playboy and its readers '' ?
4 where can i get a complete database of showtimes in my area ?
3 Who is the composer of `` Canon in D Major '' ?
0 how do i make fuel building material from recycled newspaper ?
3 what musician 's hit song inspired the dolly parton stallone movie rhinestone ?
1 what coinage was winnie the pooh ?
1 what frederick forsyth novel chronicles the toppling of an african politics by mercenaries ?
4 What city 's airport is named Logan International ?
5 what act of american soldiers remain unaccounted from the vietnam war ?
1 what 's the word for a young fox ?
3 Who is Prince Naseem Hamed ?
0 what is the origin of blue for boy and pink for girls ?
3 what former african leader held his country 's boxing title for nine time of life ?
0 how do you tell your parent you are dating an older man ?
4 What sea separates Naples and Algiers ?
3 What company 's trademark was His Master 's Voice ?
0 What problems contributed to the high failure rate of Plains farmers in the 1800s ?
0 How does rabies spread ?
0 what is the difference between microprocessor & microcontrollers ?
4 Where is Mile High Stadium ?
4 where can i buy a hat like the category jay kay from jamiroquai wears ?
0 how do i find a snowboarding computer ?
3 who was hitler 's minister of propaganda ?
3 which of the following rock 'n roll aces has a `` ace '' on hollywood boulevard ?
5 how many tenths of the earth 's open lie under water ?
1 What program do I need to run a .tbk file ?
1 What was the first Lifesaver flavor ?
5 When will the millennium officially begin ?
5 How many URL extensions are there ? and what are they ?
3 What is Nicholas Cage 's profession ?
3 what appointments secretary to richard nixon went to correctional institution ?
0 what incident caused the canning of a peak conference between eisenhower and khrushchev ?
5 how large is the arctic recourse to preserve unique wildlife and wilderness value on alaska 's north coast ?
3 what was queen victoria 's championship regarding india ?
3 who wrote the musical composition , `` silent night '' ?
5 how many framework does a disk camera shoot ?
0 how can person become a federal agent ?
1 What is widely used to detect prenatal birth defects ?
4 where can i find the condition of my tax return ?
0 what is measured in radioactivity unit ?
3 what is the name of the pop singer whose musical composition became the theme musical composition for a brand of catsup ?
4 what are the largest deserts in the worldly concern ?
0 why do we call someone `` beloved '' ?
5 what number is at 12 o 'timepiece on a dartboard ?
3 what tv comedian worked with white fang , black tooth and pookie the lion ?
1 What Marx Brothers movie centers on a stolen painting ?
1 name of king arthur 's weapon ?
3 what body enlivens hanover , new hampshire ?
5 how much money can a person be fined for having a pawl on a beach ?
4 mississippi has what language unit for a state nicklanguage unit ?
1 What war did Johnny Reb and Billy Yank fight ?
1 jude law acted in which product ?
4 what new england state of matter covers 5.9 square miles ?
5 what is maurizio pellegrin 's property ?
3 In what high-risk business venture did Jimmy the Greek bet and lose ?
0 Why do recipe books recommend starting with cold water when you boil something ?
2 What does `` B.Y.O.B. '' mean ?
0 what is the definition of the term `` weapons organization '' ?
1 What hymn did John Steinbeck get his title The Grapes of Wrath from ?
5 how many elephants are left on ground ?
3 who moderated the first kennedy-nixon tv debate ?
1 When it 's time to relax , what one beer stands clear ?
0 What is viscosity ?
4 what are the world 's four body of water ?
4 what country has the highest per capita bodily process of cheese ?
5 How large is the Arctic refuge to preserve unique wildlife and wilderness value on Alaska 's north coast ?
4 what city in the u.s. experienced the most organic process recently ?
1 What two body parts grow all your life ?
5 in which year was new zealand excluded from the anzus confederation ?
0 how did the bikini bathing cortege get its name ?
4 Where can I find free piano scores for popular music ?
3 what 2th-time period american poet wrote a four-volume biography of abraham lincoln ?
4 where do the blackhawks maintain their transaction ?
4 What river is Pocahontas buried along ?
0 How did Peabody and Sherman travel through time ?
1 what film dramatized the scopes monkey attempt ?
3 what fame couple , when going through a divorce , divided their toilet paper into two equal piles ?
0 why can 't ostriches tent-fly ?
5 what are the unemployment statistics for the time of life 1965 and 1990 ?
5 How many months does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth ?
1 what judith rossner novel was made into a movie starring diane keaton ?
5 what is the natural object record for the longest hair ?
5 what is the average life expectancy of a animal in ireland in 1996 ?
5 how many power unit will the power project in indonesia , built by a consortium headed by mission energy of us , produce ?
3 Whose biography by Maurice Zolotow is titled Shooting Star ?
3 who is desmond tutu ?
3 Who are the presidents of Mexico and Indonesia ?
1 what type of hunt are retrievers used for ?
1 what are the polarity of a country going into a recession ?
1 what is a fear of consumption ?
4 what political unit contains the westernmost point in south america ?
4 what is the network address at which i can find the e-mail address of a member of the us house of representatives ?
3 what two new york yankee pitchers swapped wives and unit ?
5 how many gallons of body of water go over niagra falls every second ?
4 what kenyan city is the safari plaza for east africa ?
0 what causes fear attacks ?
1 What is Beethoven 's 9th symphony called ?
0 what is `` the computer for the part of us '' ?
5 how many member administrative district are in the un ?
3 what writer is famous for physically putting himself into the plaza of his subject matter ?
4 what countries have the highest ratio of body students ?
3 who won world war ii ?
1 what diversion is played on the largest field ?
3 What was the man 's name who was killed in a duel with Aaron Burr ?
4 what is the address for the main polity office in rome , italy ?
0 What is a multiplexer ?
3 who co-starred with julie andrews in mary poppins ?
4 on what stream is rome built ?
5 in 1990 , what day of the workweek did christmas fall on ?
1 What color were Ernest Hemingway 's eyes ?
1 what deck of card game includes the wheel of fortune , the lovers , and death ?
2 what is the correct way to abbreviate cc. at the bottomland of a business letter ?
4 What London street claims to be the world center for men 's tailoring ?
0 What are the cookies in Internet ?
5 how much did varian associates try to sell its vacuum products division to the boc abstraction for ?
0 how do they type chinese characters on a device ?
4 what state 's home plate to the buffalo bill historical center ?
0 why do some clothing description say `` use a nonchlorine bleach '' ?
3 what video game leader do some of his fans call chomper ?
1 what is damage to occupation and government caused by bureaucracy ?
1 what is considered the costliest disaster the indemnity industry has ever faced ?
5 how long was the tv mission of star trek 's enterprise to be ?
1 what stephen king novel is set in a cemetery for pets ?
5 what fourth dimension of year is air travel the heaviest ?
5 what is the people of japan ?
1 what powdered soft drink mix went into quad ?
3 What U.S. President was the first to breed mules ?
0 how do you find the sphere of a circle ?
4 where can i find up-to-day coastal ocean surface temperature information , preferably along north america and the caribbean ?
5 what was the u.s. highway change toll in 1969 ?
4 Where is Ayer 's rock ?
4 where does the weird human body of the dinner fish knife originate from ?
1 what product 's ads claim that it `` eliminates odors , kills household inspiration , mold , and mildew '' ?
1 what movie or movies has jude law appeared in ?
5 how many lawyer are there in the state of new jersey ?
3 Who was the captain of the tanker , Exxon Valdez , involved in the oil spill in Prince William Sound , Alaska , 1989 ?
4 Where do the adventures of `` The Swiss Family Robinson '' take place ?
4 what design is known as the water bearer ?
3 what doctor is synonymous with footwear and foot work ?
0 what is the origin of the language unit assassinate ?
3 who 's the only u.s. president of the united states to have won a pulitzer prize ?
5 how long do space live ?
4 where is the world 's most active vent located ?
0 what do arthropod do through their spiracles ?
5 how many years ago did the vessel titanic sink ?
4 what are the benelux political unit ?
0 what causes `` rolling noise '' ?
1 what is a product starring jude law ?
3 whom does uncle duke 's girl person , honey , room with ?
5 how many animal foot more than 2 is the average height of the great wall of china ?
3 What 's the most common name in nursery rhymes ?
3 who asked you to do the loco-motion with her in 1962 ?
1 what cooking oil has `` corn good '' ?
3 what engineer invented the pull-tab container ?
0 what is the deviation between college and graduate school ?
1 What is a fear of fur ?
1 in what sport are these following act relevant : 118 , 126 , 134 , 142 , 15 , 158 , 167 , 177 , and 19 ?
5 what day is boxing day ?
5 How many were in attendance at the Last Supper ?
2 what is the abbreviation of the company language unit ` general motors ' ?
5 what ratio of children of long time between two and eleven watch ` the simpsons ' ?
5 what is the assets of money owed for illegally having a dog on a beach ?
3 what institution started out making pies , and wound up manufacturing plastic throwing toys ?
0 why do rooftops give off steam after a big rain ?
0 what were the first speech spoken on a film sound track ?
5 what is the people in india ?
1 name the 5 words that use all of the letters in the alphabet , except q , with no repeat .
0 how can i get started in writing for broadcasting ?
3 who were the head writers for the smothers brothers comedy hour ?
3 What are the names of Jacques Cousteau 's two sons ?
0 why is pyrimidinehe universe flapyrimidine , if ipyrimidine spyrimidinearpyrimidineed by an explosion , shouldn 'pyrimidine ipyrimidine be a sphere ?
1 what was the name of the calculator in ` 2001 : a space odyssey ' ?
1 What is a movie that Kevin Costner made about Sioux Indians ?
0 how do i find out what cities are in a certain sphere code ?
0 what is the origin of u.s. army police sergeant 's stripes ?
1 what are the union of wake and woke ?
3 name the blind sculptress in emotion with the fantastic four 's thing .
3 who makes the `` die hard '' cable car battery ?
5 how many spears are there on kenya 's iris ?
5 How many meters are in a mile ?
3 who portrayed george m. cohan in 1942 's yankee doodle dandy ?
0 why are there braille property on the atm machines that people drive through ?
1 What is the name for clouds that produce rain ?
1 what did the pyramid-material of egypt mainly eat ?
3 what businesses or representation would do an employment verification ?
1 what `` little red cable car '' is mentioned in pop singer prince 's hit song ?
0 What revelation did Alexander Butterfield make to the Senate Watergate committee ?
3 what is an example of a famous natural object band from the sixties ?
5 what is the average regular payment of a paleontologist ?
1 what did warlock wear on his feature in marvel comics ?
0 what are some fun things to do in cozumel , mexico for juvenile ?
1 What board game does a `` wood-pusher '' play poorly ?
1 what is the zodiac polarity for august 14 ?
5 what is the menu cost for the round trip between new york and london on concorde ?
3 What President served for five years , six months and 2 days ?
1 what kind of sports did they play in the years 1642-1649 , the english civil war case ?
3 who is the richest causal agent in the world ?
0 What are the seven deadly sins ?
0 what is pathology ?
5 How many times a day should you take a prescription marked `` q.i.d . '' ?
0 What is the difference between a college and a university ?
1 what english language unit has the most letters ?
4 what state in the united states covers the largest sphere ?
0 why does a candle need a cord ?
0 how is credit card made ?
3 who invented the fax machine ?
0 what does camera-ready creation mean ?
4 where on the internet can i get chemicals importers ?
4 what are the largest plant in the world ?
3 who wrote ` dubliners ' ?
0 how do i find out the exact time of a hour for a particular day ?
5 what is the time it takes a typist to type a screenplay that is 100 leaf long ?
0 what is office high technology ?
1 what invention does the principle of conservation of physical phenomenon make impossible ?
0 Why do pharmacists work on raised floors ?
1 in what film did steven spielberg 's dog ace as the main character 's dog ?
1 what is a emotion of food ?
4 Where did Freidreich Wilhelm Ludwig Leichhardt , Prussian born explorer , go to school ?
1 what is the rounded part on the top of a folder called ?
5 How many letters appear with the numbers 2 to 9 on a telephone dial ?
1 what tv series changed the defamation to protect the innocent ?
3 what tv comedienne 's characters include former movie star nora desmond , secretary mrs. wiggins and a housewife named eunice ?
3 what u.s. vice-president said : `` some newspapers dispose of their waste by printing it '' ?
0 how do you get date with the `` hooters '' girls ?
1 Name a Gaelic language .
0 why do people get goosebumps when they have something emotional happen to them , like when they hear a beautiful piece of auditory communication , or see something beautiful , or get aroused by someone they love ?
3 what is the best art and creating by mental acts school in the world ?
0 what is an example of an actual lawsuit of using the fourteenth amendment ?
5 how long was the oj simpson test ?
3 What group starred in the movie Rock Around the Clock ?
3 who is stationed at camp swampy in the comic part ?
3 who was randy steven craft 's lawyer ?
5 How long does James Bond like his eggs boiled ?
5 what is dick clark 's date of beginning ?
4 what is the largest body of water in north america ?
3 what simpleton is not so wise to lose an oath to win a paradise ?
4 what is the oldest structure in the united states ?
0 What do you do when your mouse is n't working as fast as it 's supposed to ?
1 what race is 1 , 137 nautical mile long ?
5 what 's the percentage of children aged two through eleven world health organization watch ` 'the simpsons ' ?
3 who played the original charlie 's angels ?
1 what category of animals were in the paleozoic era ?
1 name the product that is `` at your merchant 's , at your fingertips . ''
3 who shot and killed himself while painting wheatfield with crows ?
1 What shrubs can be planted that will be safe from deer ?
1 what was the calamity that struck the city of dogtown in 1899 ?
4 what 's the tallest structure in new york city ?
4 what country is the largest jewel producer ?
5 how many stations do you shoot from in the basketball game `` around the world '' ?
5 how many south american countries have the letter z in their names ?
5 how many center does a bat have ?
1 what does the policeman become in the canadian impression of monopoly ?
0 What is a `` False Moon '' ?
1 stuart hamblen is considered to be the first tattle cowboy of which medium ?
0 what is the kashmir content ?
3 who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver ?
1 what are some of australia 's native collection ?
0 what is the difference between emotion and infatuation ?
3 who should i call to get a enlistment of the new york stock exchange ?
1 what impenetrable system of french fortification was built along the german frontier before world war ii ?
1 What is a fear of failure ?
1 what fast food is prepared with a `` secret blend of 11 herb and spices ? ''
3 What are the only players eligible to score points in Roller Derby called ?
3 which two inventor invented post-its ?
1 what 12-hour cold medicine uses the formula `` 6 , 6 , 12 '' in its promotion ?
1 what are three manner in which wind is created on the earth ?
4 where can one find rider college ?
3 who appointed the chair of the federal reserve ?
3 who did sonny liston succeed as worldly concern heavyweight boxing champion ?
0 why do top give off steam after a big rainstorm ?
1 what 1950 film won seven oscars , including best movie ?
1 what soft drink held a national atmosphere poll in 1967 ?
0 what are `` inkhorn status '' ?
5 How many American soldiers remain unaccounted from the Vietnam war ?
3 who was the sovereign who signed the magna carta ?
3 name the poet of the poem which begins : i do not know much about gods ; but i think that the stream is a strong brown god-sullen , and untamed ?
3 what famous new york city mayor wrote the hit musical composition , `` will you love me in december as you do in may ? ''
1 What poem contains the line , `` grow old with me the best is yet to be '' .
0 What is the Peloponnesian League ?
5 how much can a causal agent be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
1 which side of the face do most creator tend to show more of in self-portraits ?
1 what `` magic trick '' does mandrake employ ?
1 what is a concern of sleep ?
3 Who created private detective Philip Marlowe ?
0 What is a hyperlink ?
3 who portrayed sherlock holmes in 14 movie between 1939 and 1946 ?
4 Where did the Inuits live ?
0 what is a ` borrow hole ' ?
4 where on the internet can i find a song lyrics database similar to the international lyrics server ?
3 who portrayed prewett in from here to eternity ?
4 what 's the name of the wilkes plantation in gone with the wind ?
0 how do you look up criminal records on the internet ?
0 what is the beginning of the midwest slang , ` you 're darn tootin ' ?
5 what percentage of children between the ages of two and eleven timepiece ` the simpsons ' ?
1 What Jewish holiday saw the start of the 1973 Mideast War ?
0 how did the u.s. come into the possession of an domain in the wake of the spanish-american war ?
3 who 's the founder and skilled worker of the national review ?
1 what is the correct way to mount a roll of gutter paper ?
0 what is being done about the time period bug ?
1 what mutant is chris jogis a top player of ?
1 in what belief was isis the nature goddess ?
5 How many spears are there on Kenya 's flag ?
3 who 's the only u.s. corporate executive to have won a pulitzer prize ?
1 what does an edentulous smile need ?
0 What does hazmat stand for ?
4 where can i take a experiment that will tell me what i should be when i grow up ?
5 How many people have been Captain America ?
5 What phone number can I call to have a tree planted ?
5 How many disks does each player have in a four-handed game of Crokinole ?
3 What businesses in Alaska were affected by the Exxon Valdez oil spill ?
3 who is the only prime minister of canada to serve 22 years but not necessarily consecutively ?
3 who was the first master of ceremonies of person to person ?
5 what is the estimated total u.s. virginia deer deer population ?
5 what was the value of varian associates ' vacuum products division ?
1 what 's the highest hand in straight fire iron ?
4 Where on the Web is Adventours Tours from Sydney , Australia ?
5 in what year did ireland elect its first woman corporate executive ?
4 What country is Mount Everest in ?
0 What are the words to the Canadian National anthem ?
3 what wild and crazy guy wrote a publication called cruel shoes ?
5 what season does a hiemal activity normally take point in ?
4 What is the longest river in the United States ?
0 why does cotton get caught in belly push button ?
3 Name Randy Craft 's lawyer .
4 what ocean surrounds the cayman islands ?
4 what municipality 's airport is named logan international ?
1 which type of soda has the greatest sum of caffeine ?
4 what political unit in 1998 had the most suicides regardless of population size ?
4 where can i find the status of my tax legal document ?
4 where is the highest decimal point in japan ?
3 What two baseball players make up the battery ?
1 what tale has the moral : `` he who wants everything gets relative quantity '' ?
1 what kind of vehicle launched the surveyor spacecraft ?
5 how far can a valet travel in outer space ?
1 what is a fear of shade ?
4 in what country is a stuck-failure tongue a friendly greeting ?
0 how is saline used in music ?
3 who penned : `` neither a borrower nor a investor be '' ?
3 who are cartoondom 's super six ?
0 how do i know if i 'm jealous of person ?
1 what is the most commonly used 1 document word in the english language ?
4 Where do people mountain climb in Nepal ?
5 what day did man first land on the moon ?
3 what is pittsburgh 's baseball unit called ?
3 who has more dna - a adult or a woadult ?
3 what two historical human body , who fought each other in a famous battle , each have a food named after them ?
5 how many feet high is the hurdle in front of a criminal 's steeplechase water jump ?
3 who invented the paper time ?
0 what are faults in the earth 's layer ?
1 what is the main component of yogurt ?
1 what creature scares group in the film `` jaws '' ?
1 what commodity is for kids , and not for silly rabbits ?
1 what animals acted as lapwarmers for american settler in church ?
1 what is damage to business and polity caused by bureaucracy ?
1 what is the name of the jewish character set ?
0 what is a dental ancestor canal ?
1 What basketball maneuver did Bert Loomis invent ?
4 where does buzz aldrin want to build a permanent , manned attribute station ?
1 what impenetrable organization of french fortifications was built along the german frontier before world war ii ?
4 what airfield is on the piccadilly subway line ?
3 what president hit the jogging paths to enhance his athletic representation and , sporting no. 39 , almost collapsed during the road race ?
1 what were hairy savings bank notes in the fur trade ?
1 What garment was named for Bradley , Voorhees and Day ?
4 what u.s. state of matter has the most blondes ?
4 what country has the most time zone , with 11 ?
1 what is the best-selling television soundtrack of all case ?
1 What Broadway musical featured the song , `` If I were a rich man ? ''
1 what movie did louise fletcher win the best actress oscar for ?
0 what is a oligosaccharide ?
5 what does an average daycare supplier get paid in new england ?
3 Whose acceptance speech of more than 3 minutes prompted a time limit on Academy Award thank-yous ?
1 where does your haircloth grow the fastest ?
1 What kind of creatures are the Canary Islands named for ?
5 How much of the silver production is manufactured by independent silversmiths ?
5 How many different countries export coffee ?
3 who 's won the most oscars for costume design ?
1 what four-legged creature did a cornell university study say would make adult 's best companion in space ?
0 what is the origin of the word `` thinker '' ?
1 what alloy do copper and tin word ?
1 what are all the different kind of contraceptives ?
3 what world war ii drawing card declared : `` the blow has been struck '' ?
0 what facial feature did walt disney sport that none of disney 's employee is allowed to ?
1 what 's the name of the person that advertises for frosted flakes cereal ?
3 What Texas surgeon performed the first artificial heart transplant ?
1 What impenetrable system of French fortifications was built along the German frontier before World War II ?
0 what is a pig bed in a poke ?
3 What baseball great plugged Mr. Coffee ?
5 How many e-commerce companies are started every day ?
4 where can i find publication reviews of `` turbulent souls '' ?
0 What are some children 's rights ?
0 What is the AIM-54C Phoenix ?
3 who was jean nicolet ?
0 what does the word 3 mean to a newspaper editor ?
4 What city in Florida is Sea World in ?
5 how many wing does a flea have ?
3 who is the famous movie star who also acted as gutter commissioner of provo canyon , utah ?
1 what is the emotion of frogs ?
4 what city is the setting for puccini 's classical music la boheme ?
0 what 's the claim to fame of night guard frank wills ?
0 Why did Egyptians shave their eyebrows ?
0 why do movie and tv ace get paid so much ?
1 what approval card features a centurion on its face ?
0 what do japanese school uniform look like ?
3 what championship does comedian henry youngman claim ?
0 what is the difference between fatalism and philosophical doctrine ?
3 who made the most appearances in the center public square on hollywood public squares ?
4 what country was brian boru an 11th-century baron of ?
1 what film did lee marvin win the 1965 best performer oscar for ?
4 What country is located at 13 degrees North latitude and 10 degrees East longitude ?
1 what 's the largest u.s. agricultural output by weight ?
5 what seven digit follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
1 what 's the most commonly-spoken terminology in belgium ?
1 what baseball outcome required nine musket ball in 1879 , eight musket ball in 1880 and seven musket ball in 1881 ?
1 what novel inspired the product bladerunner ?
5 what 's the american dollar equivalent for 8 avoirdupois unit in the u.k. ?
3 who provides telephone service in orange county , california ?
0 how is bubble wrapping made ?
1 what is the west virginia state organism ?
3 what baron is satirized in the line : `` the baron was in the countinghouse , counting all his money '' ?
3 who makes the `` cross-your-heart undergarment '' ?
5 How old was Gene Siskel ?
0 How can I find online spelling ?
5 how many people are taller than 7 animal foot ?
0 what 's the quality between carelessness and carefreeness ?
3 what contemptible scoundrel stole the bark from my lunch ?
3 what duty do fruits play in the survival of plants ?
0 How was Lawrence
1 what is the longest english word that can be formed using just the first row of letter on a typewriter ?
1 what 's the most abundant part in the sun ?
3 who was made the first honorary citizen of the u.s. ?
5 how many group did randy craft kill ?
1 what five-fourth dimension winner of the kentucky derby lost his first 25 races ?
1 what is the trademark of a washington redskin 's device ?
1 What was the eighth day following the Nones in each month of the Roman calendar called ?
1 what english word contains the most letter ?
0 What is a wet dream ?
4 what political unit would you visit to ski in the dolomites ?
4 what municipality is served by tempelhol airport ?
1 what is a fear of going to bedroom furniture ?
3 what six-vertebrate foot temperance advocate wielded her hatchet on saloons ?
0 what does the double-o indicate in 007 ?
0 what is the difference between love and puppy love ?
1 what shrub can be planted that will be safe from deer ?
5 How many countries watch MTV Europe ?
4 where can i get information and statistics on political unit and nations ?
1 what was the education organization in the 1960 's ?
3 which oil ship's company almost picked a word that meant `` stalled car '' in japanese as its new international name ?
4 Where can I learn about Samuel Gompers ?
1 what movie ends with the line : `` this is mrs. norman maine '' ?
1 what are pushed and coupled in projection yards ?
5 how hot does the inside of an active volcano return ?
4 What U.S. state borders Illinois to the north ?
1 How do you say , `` I love you '' in other languages ?
0 how do movie black music screens work ?
3 what baseball team owner and boater is known as the mouth of the south ?
1 what brand of jean did calvin klein admit in a 1984 interview he felt more comfortable wearing ?
5 how many group visit the pope each month ?
0 what does the language unit kelly mean ?
1 what fabric did the three little pigs use to build their houses ?
5 what is the regular payment of a u.s. representative ?
2 What is BPH ?
0 what are faults in the terrestrial planet 's crust ?
0 what is the largest assortment of cactus ?
3 who found hawaii ?
0 what is the point of head lice ?
4 what south american das kapital is the world 's highest ?
3 who 's the only valet to have won the olympic decathlon twice ?
1 what line of sweet products included super skrunch and peanut butter oompas ?
1 what is a emotion of insanity ?
3 the name of the actor who played the policeman in the film kindergarden cop is what ?
3 what american league baseball team 's worst ending between 1926 and 1964 was fourth ?
3 who invented panties ?
3 who founded the people 's temple commune ?
5 what year did the united states pass the copyright collection ?
0 why did david koresh ask the fbi for a word central processing unit ?
3 which oil company almost picked a word that meant `` stalled motor vehicle '' in japanese as its new international name ?
0 What is a meerkat ?
3 who created the giant in mary shelley 's novel frankenstein ?
0 what is the difference between unit and compounds ?
5 How many cities are there in Utah ?
5 when was the first railroad from the east shore to the west shore completed ?
0 Why do people get calluses ?
4 What gate opened on East and West Berlin ?
1 what is the fastest-growing comic strip of all case ?
0 how do you make pasta ?
1 what therapy attempts to elicit the `` primal belly laugh '' ?
3 who portrayed w.c. fields in the product w.c. fields and me ?
3 what player squats an average of 3 times during a baseball game ?
5 what is the speed of the mississippi river ?
4 what is the home platelite inc. home plate page ?
0 What were the causes of the Civil War ?
1 what fossilizes to form droppings ?
5 the shea & gould law firm had an office in l.a. for how many class ?
3 who made the first heavier-than-air craft ?
0 Why do heavier objects travel downhill faster ?
1 What 's the main vegetable in vichyssoise ?
1 what is a emotion of lice ?
4 what two country are separated by the bering strait ?
3 what president of the united states kissed the queen mother on the lips ?
3 who founded the first aeromechanics laboratory in 1912 ?
1 name one of the seven wonders of the ancient world .
3 who was the star witness at the senate watergate hearings ?
5 how many mountain have been named for presidents in the continental usa ?
3 what is the full name of the man who invented the multicolored plot cube that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations ?
5 how loud is noise ?
5 when is the web site www.questions.com going to open ?
5 how many times a day should you take a direction marked `` q.i.d . '' ?
4 what is bill gates of microsoft e-mail savoir-faire ?
3 what boxer 's life message is titled raging bull ?
1 what is the name of the art of growing miniature tree ?
1 how do you say `` eat the time unit '' in latin ?
3 which unit won the super bowl in 1968 ?
3 what body was woodrow wilson president of ?
0 What causes `` rolling thunder '' ?
1 What was the name of the television show , starring Karl Madsen , that had San Francisco in the title ?
1 what is the name of the second attribute shuttle ?
0 what is the `` 7-minute roll of tobacco '' ?
5 how many pairs of wings does a fly fly have ?
1 what infectious disease is the natural object 's deadliest ?
4 where is the world championship sled pawl race held each february ?
0 how does a dame breathe inside an egg ?
3 name one of king henry viii 's spouse .
4 what state of matter did helen keller call home ?
1 what 's the hungarian word for true pepper ?
0 why does it say on children 's cough sweetening not to drive while using this medication ?
4 What 's the most common street name in America ?
4 where can i get cotton textiles importer contingent ?
0 where do city come from ?
1 What was the name of the famous battle between Texas and Mexico ?
5 how many calorie are there in soy sauce ?
0 how can anyone tell if a female had sexual intercommunication ?
4 Where can I find a `` Fifth Element '' screensaver ?
1 What is a fear of clouds ?
1 stuart hamblen is considered to be the first singing ranch hand of what ?
3 what heading did shevardnadze have during the soviet era ?
1 What sport is known for hooligans ?
1 what book is the follow-up to future shock ?
5 How hot does the inside of an active volcano get ?
1 what is looking glass made of ?
0 What made the short-lived Star Hawks strip so unique ?
1 What is a fear of childbirth ?
5 how many four celestial body generals were there and who are they ?
0 What are the Twin Cities ?
5 What is the price for AAA 's liability auto insurance ?
1 what were the five opening speech on ben casey ?
1 what two vegetable are combined in succotash ?
0 what is the cultural beginning of the ceremony of potlatch ?
1 what three colors of ink are used to print a u.s. monetary unit bill ?
0 What is the Order of the Arrow in Boy Scouts ?
5 How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
0 what advantage are mosquitoes ?
5 how many zip written communication are there in the u.s. ?
3 who was the first woman governor of wyoming ?
1 what was the name of roy rogers 's canine ?
3 Which of the following TV newsmen was a Rhodes scholar ?
3 who was the communicator of `` john brown 's body '' ?
1 what incident of 1933 did the german nazis consumption to justify emergency decrees , imprisoning opponents and vesting more power in themselves ?
3 who was whitcomb judson ?
1 what is the predominant visual property of the tab label ?
1 what were hairy bank eminence in the fur trade ?
0 Why do pressure cookers save time in the kitchen ?
1 what aesop 's fable has the moral : `` the race is not always to the western fence lizard. slow and steady is bound to win '' ?
3 Who did Bobby Fischer beat to win the world chess championship ?
3 what artist popularized soup cans and brillo soap pad boxes ?
1 what is a terminology spoken by the sioux ?
5 how many einsteinium-commeinsteiniumrceinsteinium companieinsteiniums areinsteinium starteinsteiniumd einsteiniumveinsteiniumry day ?
0 what is the origin of the term `` buffalo wings '' that is used as a menu item in bars across the nation for poultry wings in a spicey sauce ?
1 What is a fear of points ?
5 how many vessel of wine were prisoners in the bastille allowed per day ?
3 who portrayed `` the valet without a face '' in the movie of the same name ?
1 what are some colorful angiosperm that will bloom in the fall in new england ?
1 What is the chemical formula for napalm ?
3 who was the first black to be head trainer of a major league pro sports team ?
5 how many `` no '' statement was the what 's my line ? panel allowed ?
1 what are the different types of solid ?
1 what coloring material bottles do good rhine wines come in ?
0 how does belle describe her being in beauty and the beast ?
3 What British female pop singing star of the 1960s and early 1970s was a child actress in the 1940s and '50s ?
1 what morris west fiction deals with russian bishop who becomes pope ?
1 what ship did lloyd m. bucher instruction ?
4 Where is Guam ?
3 who was the first woman in space ?
3 what fruit-topped actor was known as the brazilian bombshell ?
1 what tv series features the adventures of a married couple named jonathan and jennifer ?
3 who is peter weir ?
5 how many child does ray davies of the kinks have ?
3 who is the fastest swimmer in the world ?
3 Who is Desmond Tutu ?
3 who patented the first machine ?
1 what leon uris fiction dealt with the russian capture of berlin ?
2 What does the abbreviation AIDS stand for ?
1 Which sex is denied voting rights in Kuwait ?
1 what operating system do ibm-compatible machine use ?
4 what river does the grand coulee decameter decameter ?
0 What is agent orange ?
0 why did the natural object enter a global depression in 1929 ?
2 What do the letters D.C. stand for in Washington , D.C. ?
1 Name an American made motorcycle .
4 What two cities usually mark the extremes of English Channel swims ?
1 What is the name of the kids ' show from Canadian Public TV with the singing pineapple ?
4 What lake is the source of the White Nile ?
5 How many Americans have HIV ?
1 which came first , according to genesis 1 : 2 : 22 - the wimp or the egg ?
1 What football bowl game 's first queen was Hallie Woods ?
3 who died with more than 1 , 000 u.s. document to his credit ?
3 What was the name of the Titanic 's captain ?
1 What are the four natural aids used in riding a horse ?
4 what nation 's royal house is bourbon-parma ?
1 what is the folklore story regarding vertebrate ' nests and vertebrate in christmas trees ?
4 What state has the longest Great Lakes shoreline ?
3 who is actor goldie hawn 's current actor boyfriend ?
0 what step can be taken to prevent diabetes ?
3 who was the 3rd president of the united states of the united states ?
5 what 's the sexual conquest of a forfeited baseball game ?
0 why do girlfriend have to wear training bras ?
3 What famous meat company went out of business because it became known that the underworld had been selling them kangaroo meat ?
3 what well-known tv talk show host was a lay preacher by the time he was seventeen ?
0 what is a first world nation ?
3 what united states army 's motto is blood and fire ?
5 How many feet high is the hurdle in front of a runner 's steeplechase water jump ?
1 what is the name of a salt lake city press ?
1 what is a camel haircloth brush actually made out of ?
1 in order from the region , the four stripes on a can of pepsi are what colors ?
2 What is DSL ?
4 What South American city has the world 's highest commercial landing field ?
0 what 's the difference and advantages of selecting a super vhs vcr over plain vhs exemplar ?
0 how do i stop background randomness in a car stereo ?
5 how many engines does a boeing 737 rich person ?
1 what is the name of the second quad shuttle ?
1 What is a fear of food ?
3 what green bay packers coach philosophized : `` there 's nothing that stokes the ardor like hate '' ?
3 who won the 1967 academy award for best actor ?
5 what is the highest number of home runs on phonograph record for any one game ?
0 why shouldn 'pyrimidine you remove a bee spyrimidineinger wipyrimidineh pyrimidineweezers ?
1 What are the snakes of New England ?
5 when is the jimmy buffett performance coming to the e center in camden nj ?
1 which produces the longer sperm - an pachyderm or a mouse ?
0 why are there letters on the telephone ? why are there no q or z ?
1 What does the Ouarterly Review of Doublespeak call an `` inoperative statement '' ?
1 what is the name name of daminozide ?
3 who sang the birdcall `` hooked on a feeling '' in the dancing baby episode of `` ally mcbeal '' ?
5 how long did the paris commune hold out for against the remainder of france ?
4 What is the location of Edinburgh , Scotland ?
3 who has more dna - a man or a adult ?
4 what is theinsteinium weinsteiniumb addreinsteiniumss at which i can find theinsteinium einsteinium-mail addreinsteiniumss of a meinsteiniummbeinsteiniumr of theinsteinium us houseinsteinium of reinsteiniumpreinsteiniumseinsteiniumntativeinsteiniums ?
0 How does light travel through the void of space if there is no medium for it to ` wave ' or ` pulse ' .
5 How far is the longest hole in 1 on any golf course and where did it happen ?
4 what administrative district produces the best lobster to eat ?
1 what name of jeans did calvin klein admit in a 1984 interview he felt more comfortable wearing ?
1 what rabbit got its name because its sense organ resembled those of a jackass ?
3 What dummy received an honorary degree from Northwestern University ?
0 what is the definition of the term `` instrument system '' ?
3 who was the second person ever to wear iron man 's protective covering ?
3 Who was the Democratic nominee in the American presidential election ?
4 what is the web address of the list of e-mail addresses of associate of the house of representatives ?
0 what are the environmental influences on building complex genetics ?
0 what 's the meaning of the latin battle cry : ad arma , ad arma .
5 how long does it take for your lineage to make one complete trip through the body ?
1 what was simple simon fishing for in his mother 's vessel ?
1 What is a fear of women ?
3 what actor , who had greatest fame on tv , became the parent of triplets ?
0 why is the moon different sizes and flag ?
1 What species was Winnie the Pooh ?
3 what author did photographer yousuf karsh call `` the shiest adult i ever met '' ?
4 what london thoroughfare claims to be the world center for men 's tailoring ?
4 where is it planned to berth the merchant ship , lane victory , which merchant marine veteran are converting into a floating museum ?
4 what is the greatest hiking web tract ?
5 How many websites are there in the world ?
3 who was the first american in quad ?
5 how much will the california be in the class 2000 ?
3 who is karenna gore , al gore 's oldest female offspring , married to ?
1 what five-time winner of the kentucky derby lost his first 25 contest ?
1 what term does a czech activity to describe a pole ?
5 how many inches apart are adjacent pins in tenpin game ?
1 what did people use to freshen their breath before dentifrice ?
1 what are the different approaches of instrumentality analysis ?
3 who famously rode to warn the people of massachusetts that the british were coming ?
1 what birdcall served as the closing theme of the johnny cash show ?
4 what south american political unit won its first world cup soccer title in 1978 ?
3 which company claimed to be `` the worldly concern 's biggest toy store '' ?
5 how many external body part injuries are there in recreational ice skating each year ?
5 what class did the war of 1812 begin ?
4 What was the first town to be chartered in Vermont ?
0 what 's the last formation of dickens 's a christmas carol ?
5 how many stars are there in big dipper ?
0 What is a plant supplement ?
0 how can you contact play producers and advertiser on-line ?
0 what are christopher marlowe 's and shakespeare 's literary contributions to english writing ?
1 what did the ancients call the four great element ?
1 what conveyance are raced in the tour de france ?
3 who starred in singing in the rain and the singing nun ?
4 what country buys 25 percent of the world 's tea commodity ?
1 what program do i need to run a .tbk record ?
5 When did the supercontinent Pangaea break up ?
1 which is the most-used calculator program ?
0 What is dew point ?
3 what was the first u.s.-based unit in the nhl ?
2 What is the abbreviation for micro ?
0 how do you get dates with the `` hooters '' woman ?
1 What is the rarest coin ?
0 How did names come about ?
3 what comedian hit the tv screen in 1951 with the nbc day show time for ernie ?
5 What is the normal resting heart rate of a healthy adult ?
3 who was the creator of silly putty ?
3 What are the first names of the famous husband-and-wife acting team of Lunt and Fontanne ?
4 in what municipality is the famed st. mark 's square ?
3 What toy company is the world 's No.1 maker of female apparel ?
3 which extremity of charlie 's angels sang vocals for josie and the pussycats ?
1 what disease is the second-biggest person of north americans ?
5 how many frames does a disk television camera shoot ?
1 What constitutes an adult ?
3 what contemptible scoundrel stole the bob from my lunch ?
0 What happens when lightning strikes a body of water ?
0 why is field hockey so violent ?
0 what is the definition of the scrabble language unit ` syzygy ' ?
1 What are the different approaches of systems analysis ?
5 how many pitchers occupy the shelf beside the crouching adult in edgar degas 's 1886 painting the tub ?
1 which character of submarine was bought recently by south korea ?
5 how many times can a nickel-cadmium rechargeable barrage be recharged ?
3 what mythical figure carries an sandglass and a scythe ?
4 What city was President William McKinley shot in ?
0 what does the language unit `` justin '' mean ?
3 what painter popularized soup can and brillo soap pad boxes ?
0 what nuclear process takes place in an h-turkey ?
3 who made the most appearances in the center rectangle on hollywood rectangles ?
1 What famed gangland slaughter cut into the membership of Bugs Moran 's outfit ?
0 what are my legal rights in an motor vehicle repossession in california ?
1 what was the first lifesaver atmosphere ?
4 where can i find the schematics to the windshield worker mechanism ?
0 how does cannabis lead to other drugs ?
3 who portrayed `` the man without a external body part '' in the movie of the same name ?
1 what color is the makeup on boy george 's wax lips at london 's madame tussaud 's ?
0 what is the difference between classical learning and operant learning ?
3 who 's the only adult to have won the olympic decathlon twice ?
4 where are 8 of the 10 highest mountains in the worldly concern ?
3 who invented the broadcasting ?
4 what political unit lies directly south of detroit ?
0 How can you stop the itch from poison ivy ?
3 who owns the rights on a tv program ?
5 where does the u.s. rank among world country in area ?
1 what can communications satellites offer yacht ?
1 what is the only priest to lack pigment in the palms of its hands ?
3 who was the first elected civil authority of washington , d.c. ?
4 what country has the most fourth dimension zones , with 11 ?
1 what 's the name of a outdoor game course in myrtle beach ?
4 what desert country boundary saudi arabia , iraq and the persian gulf ?
1 what is the only modern language that capitalizes its singular first-person function word ?
3 name one of the major spiritual being of hinduism .
1 What spider makes a superb pet , even said to recognize its master ?
4 what political unit earn the most from tourism ?
2 what does the form cpr mean ?
5 in what year did ireland elect its first adult president ?
5 on average , how many linear unit are there to the moon ?
0 what is a keeper contract ?
4 what direction do the best surfing beach face ?
1 What 1950 film won seven Oscars , including best picture ?
1 what eating utensils are used for handicapped juvenile ?
5 how many years of bad condition follow breaking a mirror ?
1 the second most popular diversion worldwide is what ?
5 How many rows of whiskers does a cat have ?
4 what is the best seat to live in the world , considering climate , civilization ?
0 how do i keep cat out of my flower garden for good ?
0 What are the powers and weaknesses of Green Lantern 's ring ?
3 what actor , who had greatest fame on tv , became the father of digit ?
2 what does the form oas stand for ?
4 what former royal palace has served as a storehouse , prison , arsenal , leper colony , mint , telegraph station and whorehouse before becoming an art museum ?
3 what u.s. vice-president killed alexander hamilton in a fight ?
1 what is a concern of clouds ?
0 what according to the kinsey institute , is the sexual preference of four percent of american animal ?
3 who was the first coach of the cleveland browns ?
1 what is ray bradbury 's illustrated valet illustrated with ?
3 who was whitcomb judson ?
0 what is nitrox match ?
5 how many people watch network television receiver ?
1 what kind of sports unit is the buffalo sabres ?
0 what are the factors leading to the high teen pregnancy pace in spartanburg , south carolina ?
0 What 's the difference between sleet and freezing rain ?
1 what five-time achiever of the kentucky derby lost his first 25 races ?
1 what literary classic centers on the search for a gem in gold worth 7 , 0 pounds ?
3 who was the first black woman to star in the folies bergeres ?
0 how can i find a list of , fax and or electronic mail , addresses for human resource departments in massachusetts ?
1 What is the name of the 1919 occurrence in which British troops killed over 3 unarmed Indian protestors ?
1 what is the name of the michelangelo painting that shows two work force with fingers touching ?
3 what famous comedian recently tried without happening to revive the play ?
3 what parent and son won the medal of honor ?
5 how many multitude watch network television ?
3 what former african leader held his country 's packing title for nine years ?
3 Who is Peter Weir ?
5 What percentage of the body is muscle ?
1 what animal has killed the most group ?
5 what number is at 12 o 'clock on a board ?
3 What are the first names of Rowan and Martin , the stars of TV 's Laugh-In ?
1 What is a fear of disease ?
0 what is the nature of coke and how is the formation of coke different from that of ice ?
3 what store claims to be the worldly concern 's largest department store ?
4 what european country abandoned postage solid in 1923 because printing them cost more than their face value ?
4 what 's the nearest ace to earth ?
4 What European city do Nicois live in ?
3 what role do yield play in the survival of plants ?
4 what city or state of matter do the most gay men live in ?
3 what businesses in alaska were affected by the exxon valdez lipid spill ?
3 what american naval military officer broke japan 's isolationist policy in 1853 ?
3 what president once told gene autry : `` please give my detail to your wife dale '' ?
3 which of these are communicator ?
1 Which leg does a cat move with its left front leg when walking - its left rear or right rear leg ?
1 what 's the most popular form of structure ?
2 What is SAP ?
4 what is the most important political unit in the world , historically ?
5 what percentage of the silver production is done by independent jewelry maker ?
4 What is the largest and most expensive freeway construction project in the U.S. right now ?
3 who claimed he killed 4 , 280 buffalo as substance for the crew building the kansas pacific railway ?
3 what french drawing card sold louisiana to the united states ?
1 what product `` doubles your joy , doubles your fun '' ?
4 where is the oldest living situation on earth ?
3 who lived on the shores of the gitchee gumee river ?
3 who was the first sovereign of england ?
1 what are the most common weather in seawater ?
4 which area produces the least acidic beverage ?
5 how much coca cola is drunk in one day in the worldly concern ?
4 what nevada center has been dubbed the biggest little city in the world ?
4 What country do the Galapagos Islands belong to ?
5 How many people does Honda employ in the U.S. ?
1 what is an example of a natural acid-base index ?
5 how many disks does each contestant have in a four-handed game of crokinole ?
4 what 's the world 's longest abeyance bridge ?
1 what muhammad ali maneuver was george foreman the first unfortunate of ?
5 how many card game are dealt to each player in gin rummy ?
0 how does liquid body substance clot ?
3 who created private policeman philip marlowe ?
0 what is potassium nitrate ?
1 what non-mechanical diversion achieves the highest speeds ?
0 What is the history of Spartacus , the Roman slave and gladiator ?
3 what 's mrs. bridges 's job on tv 's upstairs , downstairs ?
3 what is the first personal computer ship's company ?
1 what do you call a section of your finger from one body part to another ?
3 what is the best internet enterprise to go into ?
1 what irwin allen bomb has richard widmark saying he 'll be `` the first officer in history to get his butt kicked by a batch of bugs ! '' ?
1 what part of their attire were `` pothook '' to cowboys of the old west ?
0 Why doesn 't www.answers.com have any answers to my questions ?
3 what fool is not so wise to lose an curse to win a paradise ?
1 what six words follow the formation : `` from a jack to a king.. . '' ?
5 how many fourth dimension was pitcher , warren spahn , a 20-game winner in his 21 major league seasons ?
3 who is the actress bette davis once said she wished she looked like ?
1 what morris west novel deals with russian bishop United Nations agency becomes pope ?
0 what is the past of skateboarding ?
0 what is the point of gametophytic tissue ?
4 what is the tallest natural elevation ?
1 what spice do chef pay the most for ?
1 what football vessel game 's first queen was hallie woods ?
3 who died with more than 1 , 000 u.s. patents to his credit rating ?
4 what is the most important state in the world , historically ?
3 Who was named Admiral of the Ocean Seas and Viceroy and Governor General of all the islands he might discover , and also granted 10-?? of all profits of his voyage .
5 how many spaces follow a fundamental quantity at the end of a sentence ?
3 what is the name of the american who was captured when his heavier-than-air craft went down over syrian-held lebanon ?
0 what steps can be taken to prevent polygenic disorder ?
5 what debts did qintex group time off ?
3 what english queen had six digit on one hand ?
0 Where does `` bovine '' come from ?
4 where does the weird shape of the dinner fish edge tool originate from ?
3 what was marilyn monroe 's real language unit ?
4 where do quality beverage begin ?
1 what mutant features snatches and clean jerks ?
4 where on the internet can i get chemicals businessperson ?
0 what is the difference between a knight bachelor and a 1 bedroom apartment ?
5 how many years ago did led zeppelin merchandise its last album ?
3 Who is Henry Butler ?
3 who made the musical plea be true to your school ?
1 what 's the only activity by michelangelo that bears his signature ?
1 Which mayonnaise refers to itself as `` real '' mayonnaise ?
0 what do a diamond and lump of ember have in common ?
4 what is the object of mccarren airport ?
4 what nation is the world 's largest importer of cognac ?
4 what ocean is bombay on ?
4 what is the oldest ethnological depository in the world ?
4 Where is the Smithsonian Institute located ?
1 which leg does a feline move with its left front leg when walking - its left rear or right rear leg ?
1 what is a emotion of fur ?
3 who holds the nfl record for most touchdown in a season ?
5 how much did mercury spend on ad in 1993 ?
5 how many meter are in a mile ?
1 what is a emotion of crystals or glass ?
1 what six password follow the line : `` from a jack to a king.. . '' ?
1 What tools do you use to crewel ?
0 what is the difference between a committee of directors and an advisory committee ?
3 who plays the cop in the product `` kindergarten cop '' ?
3 what 's comic strip photographer peter parker 's secret personality ?
3 What bottled-up TV character was born in Baghdad ?
3 what costume specialist decided that michael jackson should only wear one glove ?
1 what medium is stuart hamblen the first tattle cowboy in ?
0 What is a common dolphin ?
1 What is the first book of the Old Testament ?
3 Who wrote the Bible ?
1 what is the collective content word for geese ?
1 what are the components of synthetic resin ?
2 what does nn o `` mean when used as a affix in irish surnames ?
0 what is the origin of the discussion `` pallbearer ? ''
0 what is the purpose of the sysrq key on my calculator keyboard ?
5 how many inches over six animal foot is tom selleck ?
1 What cigarette is `` a whole new world '' ?
1 what do humans catch zoonose disease from ?
4 what u.s. administrative district has the lowest highest elevation at 6 feet ?
3 who is the prime minister of australia ?
5 how much do drugs to treat tuberculosis outgo ?
1 what is the islamic equivalent to the red cross ?
3 who was named admiral of the ocean seas and viceroy and governor general of all the island he might discover , and also granted 10-?? of all profits of his voyage .
0 what is the origin of the term `` buffalo wings '' that is used as a menu item in bars across the state for chicken wings in a spicey sauce ?
1 what grant is the `` oscar '' of advertising ?
3 name alvin 's male sibling
1 what film or product has jude law appeared in ?
5 What age is Benny Carter ?
4 what is the home platelite inc. home plate page ?
1 what color are a wood tree 's flowers ?
3 what is nathan hamill 's duty in the new star wars prequel ?
4 what u.s. state of matter is mammoth cave national park in ?
5 how many films are made by the major studio apartment in a year ?
0 what is the cultural origin of the affair of potlatch ?
3 what were the last names of gangster bonnie and clyde ?
0 what is a chinese `` spouting '' vessel ?
5 How old is the universe ?
3 what mercantile establishment claims to be the world 's largest department mercantile establishment ?
4 What state did Helen Keller call home ?
1 what golfing clothing was patented by george grant on december 12
5 what is the chance of conceiving quadruplet ?
3 who starred in singing in the rain and the singing nun ?
5 what is the world people as of today ?
0 why do recipe script recommend starting with cold water when you boil something ?
5 what is the protective covering rate of using condoms ?
0 what is the history of hot wheels cable car , and how are they produced ?
3 who does data collection in commercial enterprise ?
1 what is `` the bear of beer '' ?
0 why do people get callosity ?
4 which country is australia 's largest commodity market ?
3 what is a causal agent called that likes fire ?
2 what is the acronym for the evaluation system for air conditioner efficiency ?
0 Why do many Native American students not complete college ?
3 what president once told gene autry : `` please give my regards to your spouse dale '' ?
1 what is the fastest pisces in the world ?
3 what author of the days of our lives cookbook signed on in 198 as liz chandler in tv 's days of our lives ?
5 When did Mount St. Helen last have a major eruption ?
1 what is a fear of decimal point ?
4 what u.s. municipality is known as the rubber capital of the world ?
4 What populous state covers 49 , 576 square miles ?
5 when was the first steel plant in the united states built ?
1 What book did Aaron Hass write ?
5 how much metallic element should an adult female have daily ?
5 what is dick clark 's day of birth ?
3 who portrayed maggio in the product from here to eternity ?
4 What is the brightest star visible from Earth ?
1 what animals can live the longest without substance ?
1 what ocean liner burned and sank in hong kong port ?
5 what year was the mount for american graffiti ?
3 what american poet wrote : `` good fence make good neighbors '' ?
3 who sings angel eyes from the 80 's ?
1 what determines the numerical quantity of the pearl ?
1 what vessel did lloyd m. bucher command ?
4 where 's the gum department mercantile establishment ?
1 what is a emotion of hair ?
1 what organic fuel do bog-inhabitant use a `` slane '' to cut ?
1 what is the chemical recipe for napalm ?
1 Name the 5 words that use all of the letters in the alphabet , except Q , with no repeats .
1 where is the human hide least sensitive ?
5 How many points are there on a Backgammon board ?
5 how many colors was the 1940s curio called a donald duck rubber boat ?
3 what british female pop singing star of the sixties and early 1970s was a child actress in the 1940s and '50s ?
1 what atom include fluorine , sodium and magnesium ?
0 Why are lions called `` King of the Jungle '' ?
4 In what nation is Edessa located nowadays ?
1 what was the language unit of the peace agreement imposed on germany after world war i ?
5 how many feet high is the hurdle in front of a runner 's steeplechase water startle ?
3 what girl 's language unit is `` teddy '' an affectionate form of ?
4 what natural drawing card draw the most visitors in the united states ?
1 which condiment was once sold as a patent medical science ?
0 how did the u.s. come into the control of an empire in the wake of the spanish-american war ?
1 what is a fear of binary compound ?
1 what animal has the biggest center ?
1 name the only extant trilogy of classical greek dramatic composition .
1 what is the lore story regarding birds ' nests and birds in christmas trees ?
1 what card garment originally represented the peasant class ?
3 what british general officer surrendered to the colonial army at saratoga ?
3 who leads the star ship enterprise in star trek ?
3 Name the various super-teams to which the Angel has belonged .
1 What is one of the languages of the Sioux ?
0 what is the distinction of erle stanley gardner 's the case of the terrified typist ?
3 what american sergeant lost both of his hands in battle during world war ii and then went on to act in a single movie for which he won two oscars ?
3 which company created the internet spectator mosaic ?
0 What are differences between 1980 and 1990 ?
1 What is the treatment for depression ?
4 what 's the fifth-largest nation in the world ?
1 what is a fear of bankruptcy ?
1 what kind of file has the propagation .dbf ?
0 how do birds have sexual activity ?
3 who banned peter rose from baseball for betting on games ?
5 how long is human pregnancy ?
3 who wrote the publication , `` song of solomon '' ?
4 where did he get the championship ?
0 what do insects do through their orifice ?
5 how many warmup pitches does a reliever get coming into a baseball plot ?
4 What European country abandoned postage stamps in 1923 because printing them cost more than their face value ?
3 what video activity hero do some of his fans call chomper ?
1 which character of soda has the greatest amount of caffeine ?
1 what board game does a `` plant material-pusher '' play poorly ?
0 how can i determine the length of an ellipse ?
1 what meat complemented sweet potatoes and pea in the first tv dinner ?
0 what is quality steering ?
4 what nevada center has been dubbed the biggest little city in the world ?
1 what did a 16th-century aztec athlete get for putting a rubber musket ball through a ring ?
0 what is the origin of `` beauty is in the sense organ of the beholder '' ?
1 what is a 2-sided physical entity called ?
3 what buxom blonde appeared on the cover of more than 5 magazine ?
3 What chocolate company gives you a one-pound kiss ?
0 How did Asia get its name ?
4 what russian seaport has a language unit meaning `` lord of the east '' ?
3 what two historical figures , who fought each other in a famous military action , each have a food named after them ?
0 For what reason did some San Diego schools stop serving apples ?
4 what two japanese cities are spelled with the letters k , o , o , t and y ?
4 Where are the U.S. headquarters for Procter & Gamble ?
1 which side of the external body part do most artists tend to show more of in self-portraits ?
1 what was the name of the dolphin that died of a fungal infection ?
0 what did the confederate constitution say about bondage ?
3 Who wrote `` The Pit and the Pendulum '' ?
1 what is a camel hair vegetation actually made out of ?
3 what kind of womanhood gave sigmund freud erotic dreams ?
5 what is the quantity of american soldiers still unaccounted for from the vietnam military action ?
1 what are all the different kind of pizza ?
3 who was the only u.s. president to wear a nazi uniform ?
3 Who invented the road traffic cone ?
4 in sinclair lewis ' `` main street , '' what was the name of the typical american municipality ?
3 what suburban housewife and parent of three wrote the feminine mystique ?
3 who sang the song `` hooked on a feeling '' in the dancing baby episode of `` ally mcbeal '' ?
0 what nuclear activity takes place in an h-bomb ?
3 What organization did Mr. Waverly assign agents for ?
5 what seven digits follow the area code in the act for long distance information ?
0 how does cannabis lead to other drugs ?
1 What should the oven be set at for baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
5 what is the speed of the mississippi river ?
3 who is the famous sister of actor olivia de havilland ?
0 what is the beginning of the word ` posh ' ?
3 what famous meat company went out of enterprise because it became known that the underworld had been selling them kangaroo meat ?
1 what is the best brand for a laptop calculator ?
1 what is the organizational structure of the new delhi indira gandhi airfield ?
1 What are all the different types of pizza ?
5 how many column inch apart are adjacent pins in tenpin bowling ?
0 why is it called `` ground beef '' if there is no ham in it ?
3 name of the dame the great gatsby pines for ?
3 what are names of two old men who appear in the serial broadcasting muppets show ?
5 How many people hike ?
4 What web sites are linked to the Report on Genesis Eldercare ?
0 what were the first words spoken on a movie sound track ?
5 in what time period did joe dimaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?
1 What color is Mr. Spock 's blood ?
5 How many different kinds of ice cream are there ?
0 why does a womanhood have to be a virgin to be a nun ?
5 how many collection of apple are there ?
1 what is the best property to remove wallpaper ?
1 what kinds of animal are in cambodia ?
5 how many grooves are on a dime bag ?
3 What cigarette company urged us , `` Come to where the flavor is ? ''
3 who was the most famous food editor program of the new york times ?
1 what 's the only mammal that can 't startle ?
5 how much of the nation 's children between the ages of two and eleven timepiece ` the simpsons ' ?
3 what card ship's company sells christmas ornaments ?
1 what is another word for fare ?
3 who was the founding extremity of the pink floyd band ?
0 what is the origin of the rock social group led zeppelin 's name ?
3 What company produces Spumante ?
5 how many times was pitcher , warren spahn , a 20-game winner in his 21 major league season ?
0 what phenomenon does a prism have on light ?
4 what country has the largest bovid population ?
5 what is the price for aaa 's liability car insurance ?
1 what phenomenon would you expect to read about in the monthly issue the bigfoot news ?
0 what is the origin of the language unit ` scarlett ' ?
4 where is the largest dam in the natural object ?
5 How many points is a disk in the center hole worth in Crokinole ?
0 Why are there Braille things on the ATM machines that people drive through ?
1 Name the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross .
4 Where is the Orange Bowl ?
3 what baron was forced to agree to the magna carta ?
5 what is the goat population of the worldly concern ?
3 what doctor claimed in a 1946 script : `` there is no such thing as a bad boy '' ?
1 what animal received royal assent as an design of canada on march 24 , 1975 ?
1 What was originally defined as one 1-millionth of the distance from the equator to the Pole ?
0 what are field effect transistor ?
3 who invented the toothbrush ?
1 what was franklin roosevelt 's program for economic improvement called during the great depression ?
3 who plays the cop in the movie `` kindergarten cop '' ?
0 how do websites like yahoo and excite make medium of exchange ?
1 what net game sees its womanhood 's world amateur champions receive the uber cup ?
0 What does gringo mean ?
5 how many feet high is the barrier in front of a runner 's steeplechase water jump ?
4 what are the only two states that incorporate the confederate battle flag in their emblem ?
1 what is a emotion of cholera ?
4 what u.s. administrative district boasts leif ericson park ?
5 How many bones are in the human hand ?
5 what is the horsepower of the badminton equipment boosters ?
2 what does r.e.m. stand for , as in the natural object group r.e.m. ?
3 What is the protagonist 's name in Dostoevski 's `` The Idiot '' ?
1 Which breakfast cereal brought you `` the best each morning '' ?
5 what time period is etched on the gold medal of excellence from the paris exposition depicted on a can of campbell 's tomato soup ?
3 what cocoa company gives you a one-pound kiss ?
4 What two countries contain Sierra Nevada mountains ?
4 where can you find the venus trap ?
4 what country has declared one-United States liquid unit of its territory off-limits to russians ?
1 what is the dialogue ellipse in cartoons called ?
1 what fiction has big brother watching ?
1 what award is the `` oscar '' of ad ?
4 what new hampshire hamlet rises early to vote first in u.s. presidential election ?
0 describe the finnish music attribute salonen 's appearance .
1 what english word comes from the old french covrefeu , meaning cover ardor ?
1 what fear of the sea did johnny horton sing about ?
3 what tv talk-entertainment host lends his name to a line of men 's clothing ?
3 what famous film and tv cowboy lent his language unit to a fast food chain ?
1 What was the name of the Crimean meeting of Roosevelt , Churchill , and Stalin ?
3 who comprised the now-defunct comic script team known as the champions ?
1 what 's the discussion for broken glass or sharp rocks embedded in cement on top of a wall ?
3 What is the most common boy 's or girl 's name ?
0 what is einsteinium-commeinsteiniumrceinsteinium ?
4 in what relation of the world is mozambique ?
3 who was the founding member of the pink floyd social group ?
1 what fowl grabs the prominence after the chinese year of the monkey ?
5 how many types of dairy product are there in france ?
5 What century did art 's Romantic Period begin in ?
5 how many group died on south carolina highways in 1998 ?
5 how much would a black-and-white 1-cent seal be worth , thomas jefferson on it ?
1 what were hairy bank written record in the fur trade ?
0 what did n't rocky marciano do in his pro packing career ?
3 what ball game player was walked the most times ?
4 What country and western singer is known as The Silver Fox ?
3 who do herb and tootsie live next door to ?
5 How many people died because of a smoking problem in 1997 ?
1 what was hitler 's favorite product ?
5 How many miles of veins are in the circulatory system ?
5 what is the average being expectancy of a male in ireland in 1996 ?
5 how many group died on d-day ?
5 how many turn constitute an official baseball game ?
1 What is the word for love of pain or abuse ?
0 how do photographic equipment take pictures ?
3 who does the voices of the simpsons ?
4 what is the best online games web site ?
5 what percentage of the body is brawn ?
4 what are all the southern administrative district of the united administrative district ?
3 What company is the largest Japanese ship builder ?
4 What ocean surrounds the Madeira Islands ?
1 what is a concern of going to bed ?
1 what is a emotion of jealousy ?
3 who is malaysia 's 43rd prime clergyman ?
1 what 's the term for a gamble before cards are dealt ?
3 what is the full name of the man who invented the multicolored game block that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations ?
4 What building built in 18 contains 327 miles of book shelves ?
3 what institution makes impulse hardening equipment ?
5 what is the horsepower of the shuttle booster ?
0 what does the gift process entail ?
0 what do you say to a friend United Nations agency ignores you for other friends ?
3 name the five point who are in the line of succession to the presidency .
1 how do you say , `` i love you '' in other communication ?
1 What sports event is Meyer Wolfsheim supposed to have fixed in The Great Gatsby ?
1 what organism has been called the poor man 's cow ?
4 what are the nordic political unit ?
4 what two city usually mark the extremes of english channel swims ?
1 what is a emotion of rejection ?
4 what political unit has the best defensive position in the board game diplomacy ?
4 in what city or state of matter do the most gay men live in ?
3 who earns their money the hard manner ?
5 what year did degas create the copper-base alloy sculpture , `` fourth position front ? ''
3 Who patented the first phonograph ?
1 What did the Congress of Vienna establish ?
1 what is a emotion of slime ?
1 What are the top vegetable crops in the world ?
4 where is the biggest acoustic device ?
5 CNN began broadcasting in what year ?
1 what was the name of the trajectory that fawaz younis hijacked ?
3 what baseball team was routinely called `` dem bums '' by its frustrated fan ?
4 what 's the farthest celestial body from the sun ?
3 who was samuel johnsons 's acquaintance and biographer ?
3 What wild and crazy guy wrote a book called Cruel Shoes ?
3 who was president of costa rica in 1994 ?
3 who appointed the seat of the federal reserve ?
0 how can i look up someone 's e-message address on the internet ?
5 how long does it take the typical american to eat 23 United States liquid unit of ice cream ?
3 who played the ringo kid in the 1939 film stagecoach ?
1 What did the Yalta Conference lead to ?
5 how many letters appear with the act 2 to 9 on a telephone dial ?
3 what presidential urgency secretary dismissed watergate as a third-rate burglary attempt ?
3 what japanese manufacturer is known for both its keyboard instrument and its motorcycles ?
3 What was American folk hero John Chapman 's nickname ?
5 what was the u.s. road death toll in 1969 ?
1 what will a kid eat the middle of , and save the chocolate on the region for last ?
5 how many gallons of binary compound go over niagra falls every second ?
4 what two cities usually mark the extremes of english channel swimming ?
4 what nation buys 25 percent of the world 's tea exports ?
0 how do they get teflon to stick to the cooking utensil ?
3 who was santos-dumont ?
5 how many multitude died when the estonia sank in 1994 ?
3 what company uses the unfamiliar external body part of its celebrity spokespeople to promote the use of its product ?
1 which person whale died at sea world of a fungal infection ?
3 who headed hitler 's infamous gestapo ?
4 where can i find text for r&b ?
4 What Russian seaport has a name meaning `` Lord of the East '' ?
1 on what t.v. entertainment could tom terrific be found ?
3 Who was shot in the back during a Poker game in Deadwood , the Dakota territory ?
0 what are some interesting facts and message about dogsledding ?
1 in what film did steven spielberg 's dog star as the main fictional character 's dog ?
1 what unit facility contains a float ball , ballcock , and overflow tube ?
3 who are the top ten richest people in the world ?
4 where is ayer 's rock 'n' roll ?
3 who invented the game bowling ?
0 where did the marriage affair come from ?
1 What is Chiricahua the name of ?
4 what state of matter is mount mckinley in ?
0 how do bird have sex ?
4 What country has the highest arson rate ?
3 who wrote the poem that starts `` i love your lips when they 're wet with wine and red with a warm feeling '' ?
5 About how many soldiers died in World War II ?
3 who was scrooge 's dead partner in dickens 's a christmas carol ?
0 what does the language unit `` sheri '' mean ?
0 What is the Lost Colony ?
1 what organism migrates the farthest ?
0 What is a Jake brake ?
4 Where is South Bend ?
3 who was the professional for randy steven craft ?
1 In AD 999 , what sort of celebrations , fears , were there ?
3 who coined the term nn cyberspace `` in his fiction nn neuromancer '' ?
0 what does the discussion affiant mean ?
4 where is the bulls court game team based ?
3 who said `` give me liberty or give me death '' ?
1 what kind of food makes you fat ?
1 what film tooth is buried in pere-lachaise cemetery in paris ?
3 What actor married John F. Kennedy 's sister ?
1 ray charles is best known for playing what device ?
1 what color center are most sensitive to light ?
5 how many group in the world speak french ?
1 What is the most expensive car in the world ?
3 who kept the most famous writing in the english language ?
1 what was jimmy durante 's theme musical composition ?
0 how do chickens have baby chicken ?
1 what is the only primate to lack pigment in the palms of its work force ?
3 who invented the electric stringed instrument ?
1 what is a investigation expedition in mountain climbing ?
0 What 's the meaning of the Latin battle cry : Ad arma , ad arma .
3 who claimed to be the world 's most perfectly-developed man ?
4 what desert has the highest soil dunes ?
1 what are close fight of the first and second kind ?
3 what california governor said : `` inaction may be the highest word of action '' ?
0 what is the circumorbital intumescence ?
1 What was the name of Roy Rogers 's dog ?
5 How many people watch network television ?
1 What does a spermologer collect ?
4 What London street is the home of British journalism ?
4 what is the political unit of origin for the name thomas ?
4 which way do you turn your bic to increase the fire - clockwise or counterclockwise ?
0 why do some people have two different coloring material eyes ?
1 Which infectious disease kills the most people worldwide ?
0 why does a steering wheel , e.g. a car tire , appear to spin in the opposite direction as it slows down ?
3 who awarded the flying fickle finger of fate ?
3 Who took over as conductor of the Boston Pops after Arthur Fiedler 's long reign ?
1 what body part contains the islands of langerhans ?
4 what two country contain sierra nevada mountains ?
4 What is the largest island in the Mediterranean Sea ?
0 How do you tell your parents you are dating an older man ?
0 What was Nine Tailors , the television show from 1974 , about ?
5 what is the chemical reactivity of chemical element ?
5 How many fiddlers did Old King Cole have ?
0 what category does the coloring material pink denote in the trivial pursuit baby boomer edition ?
1 what is the fear of amphibian ?
4 what african das kapital is named for a u.s. president ?
3 What are the top boy names in the U.S. ?
5 what was the number of assassinations and attack to assassinate in the u.s. since 1865 ?
5 what year did degas create the bronze sculpture , `` fourth position front ? ''
4 where can i get cotton fabric importer details ?
0 what will happen when sodium is put in binary compound ?
1 what animals did the amazing three fancy dress as ?
3 what stereo business is `` slightly ahead of its time '' ?
0 What do a diamond and lump of coal have in common ?
1 what is the language unit of the family circus 's dog ?
3 who won a pulitzer prize for his novel the caine mutiny ?
4 what political unit was first to use the airplane as a weapon of war , against the turks in libya ?
1 what is a fear of aquatic vertebrate ?
3 United Nations agency is the man behind the pig-the man United Nations agency pulls the strings and speaks for miss piggy ?
3 who portrayed sherlock holmes in 14 films between 1939 and 1946 ?
5 what amount is at 12 o 'clock on a dartboard ?
0 What is the executor in a will ?
0 what is `` the only cigarette made with no food '' ?
1 what non-mechanical mutant achieves the highest speeds ?
3 what british female pop singing star of the 1960s and early 1970s was a child actor in the 1940s and '50s ?
0 what does the term 3 mean to a press editor ?
1 what type of exercise burns the most work unit ?
4 What Nevada center has been dubbed The Biggest Little City in the World ?
0 what is a common dolphinfish ?
5 how many acres in a linear unit ?
0 why can 'pyrimidine ospyrimidineriches fly ?
5 how many emperors were there in the roman empire ?
3 United Nations agency is the famous movie star United Nations agency also acted as sewer commissioner of provo canyon , utah ?
3 who was known as the time master in comic script ?
5 how much coke equals an inch of rain ?
3 who was the first american national awarded the albert medal of the society of arts ?
3 what double talking `` professor '' holds a academic degree in nothing ?
1 what was john f. kennedy 's 1960 campaign musical composition ?
4 what mountainous location of the world is the lhasa apso dog native to ?
4 What is a reliable site that I can download Heretic 2 ?
1 what magazine paid $5 , 000 for an eight-millimeter product of john f. kennedy 's assassination ?
5 how many holes are there in a tenpin bowling game equipment ?
0 what is a bone kernel transplant meant for ?
5 how many times a day does the typical person go to the room ?
3 what cigar-chewing comedian observed : `` you 're only as old as the adult you feel '' ?
1 what is a fear of sting ?
3 what associate of the little rascals has an on-again , off-again sweetheart in darla hood ?
3 Who is Samuel F. Pickering ?
3 who holds the career phonograph record for the most major league home runs ?
5 how many shots can a stock m16 grasping ?
1 what are the 28 tenses in the english communication ?
3 what cigar-chewing performer observed : `` you 're only as old as the woman you feel '' ?
5 how many group were executed for abraham lincoln 's assassination ?
1 which thrilled taste buds first - snickers or 3 musketeers ?
3 who was named admiral of the ocean seas and viceroy and governor general of all the islands he might discover , and also granted 10-?? of all income of his voyage .
0 how can i enforce new rules to a group of juvenile who have been allowed to do as they please .
0 how do they raise the grus when building high-rise buildings ?
1 What animal has the biggest eyes ?
0 what is the definition of ` graphic information ' ?
3 what double talking `` academician '' holds a doctorate in nothing ?
3 what singer became despondent over the death of freddie prinze , quit appearance business , and then quit the business ?
1 what book opens : `` at a certain greenwich village in la mancha , which i shall not name.. . '' ?
0 where did the name ancestor beer come from ?
3 what task does the bouvier animal group of dog perform ?
5 how many megawatts will the power undertaking in indonesia , built by a consortium headed by mission energy of us , produce ?
3 What government department did The Untouchables work for ?
3 what actor came to dinner in guess who 's coming to dinner ?
0 What is the difference between a preface and a foreword ?
3 who was william henry harrison ?
1 what harmful chemicals are in insect spray ?
5 how many linear unit of corridors are in the pentagon ?
0 Why was Henry Ford 's first automobile calleda Model T & his second type of automobile , introduced in 1928 , called a Model A ?
5 how many hose schools are there in the u.s. ?
0 how do you make panoramic sugar eggs for easter - the digit with the scene inside ?
5 in what time period did hitler gain power of germany ?
3 who wrote the book , `` the grinch who stole christmas '' ?
4 what are the natural object 's three largest oceans , in order of size ?
5 What are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
4 What country was General Douglas McArthur in when he was recalled by President Truman ?
4 what nevada area has been dubbed the biggest little city in the world ?
4 what are tourist drawing card in reims ?
3 Who wrote the Farmer 's Almanac ?
3 Who was Gerald Ford 's vice president ?
1 What is the only primate to lack pigment in the palms of its hands ?
5 how far is the longest hole in 1 on any golf path and where did it happen ?
1 Which type of submarine was bought recently by South Korea ?
4 what european assets celebrated its 2 , 000th anniversary in 1951 ?
3 Name the various costumed personas of Dr. Henry Pym .
3 who was named admiral of the ocean seas and viceroy and governor general of all the islands he might discover , and also granted 10-?? of all profit of his voyage .
3 rotary engine were manufactured by which company ?
1 what is another discussion for diet ?
3 what player squats an average of 3 times during a baseball twin bill ?
1 what plant are found in an estuary ?
1 what hair coloring material can i use to just cover a little gray ?
1 what is the one thing you need before you can purchase animation insurance ?
5 What season begins with the vernal equinox ?
3 who is dear abby ?
3 who did sonny liston succeed as world heavyweight boxing champion ?
4 What attracts tourists to Reims ?
3 what artist 's workplace was the bateau-lavoir in montmartre ?
0 how do i find a web address for a ship's company ?
3 what is the best body in the country ?
5 what is the temperature present ?
0 What is the economic impact of unemployment on the economy ?
1 what does an ashen-faced eidologist search out the state of ?
0 why do opinion sometimes look red in photographs ?
1 What 's the colored part of the eye called ?
5 how many associate are in the california congressional delegation ?
1 what is the lens behind the iris in the sense organ called ?
1 what was the orca 's name that died of a fungal ill health at sea world ?
0 How is the word ` qigong ' pronounced ?
4 What Georgia town did Scarlett O 'Hara condemn as being full of pushy people ?
1 name the operating instrumentality that runs on ibm-compatible machines .
1 what vladimir nabokov novel features professor humbert in love with a 12-year-old girlfriend ?
0 how did super president gain his ability on the animated series ?
1 what vehicle are raced in the tour de france ?
3 who is the prime minister of australia ?
3 who were the four famous founders of united artists ?
5 what does a teaspoon of topic weigh in a black hole ?
3 Who is Zebulon Pike ?
3 What piano company claims its product is the `` Instrument of the immortals '' ?
3 who invented the pull-tab opener on can ?
4 which country is australia 's largest export marketplace ?
3 Who sings the themes for `` Dawson 's Creek '' and `` Felicity '' ?
1 What is a fear of being dirty ?
4 what is the leading pecan and peanut growing administrative district ?
0 How does General Mills manufacture Cheerios ?
1 what beer tells us , `` grab all the enjoyment you can get . '' ?
5 independent silversmith 's account for what share of silver production ?
0 What is the virus HIV ?
0 what is meant by the term `` output to maturity '' in reference to bonds ?
1 what character of exercise burns the most calories ?
0 How does a hurricane form ?
5 On average , how many miles are there to the moon ?
0 what is the beginning of the word `` teddy bear '' ?
1 what do goldfish lose if kept in dimly-lit or running body of water ?
0 how can i get someone 's email savoir-faire ?
1 in what deodorant ad did tenants have adjoining medicine cabinets ?
2 What 's the abbreviation for limited partnership ?
0 what prompted the co-original of the enola gay to enter only `` my god '' in his log ?
0 what is the c programming communication ?
3 name of the lady the great gatsby pines for ?
4 what country is the worldly concern 's largest importer of cognac ?
0 what is a ` borrow stone ' ?
5 how many coinage of sharks are there ?
3 who domesticated the wild joker ?
4 what texas municipality got its name from the spanish for `` yellow '' ?
3 who wrote the bestselling missionary travels and researches in south africa , published in 1857 ?
4 what constellation represents a hunter with baseball team and shield ?
5 how many inches tall is stuart little at beginning ?
0 why did several san diego educational institution stop serving apples to students ?
5 approximately how many enrollee are enrolled at the university of massachusetts ?
0 how does the motor vehicle in `` christine '' become possessed ?
3 Name of scholar on whose literal translations from the Chinese and Japanese Ezra Pound depended ?
3 what was the name of the lawyer United Nations agency represented randy craft ?
1 what 's the only coloring material johnny cash wears on stage ?
4 what was the first township to be chartered in vermont ?
1 what is the most expensive cable car in the world ?
1 What are the rites accompanying the circumcision of a newly born-child in Judaism called ?
5 How much does the President get paid ?
1 what are the various manner in which one can measure it user satisfaction level ?
3 what department store heir is responsible for raising a three-avoirdupois unit safe from the underwater wreckage of the andrea doria ?
4 what political unit boasts the most dams ?
5 what is the length of margin between the ukraine and russia ?
4 what las vegas hotel burned in november , 1980 , with the loss of 84 being ?
1 What is the celtic symbol for `` life '' ?
3 who was the charlie perfume woman ?
4 what are the ten safest american cities for pedestrian ?
3 what creative intellectual said : `` everything comes to him who hustles while he waits '' ?
4 where can i find a lawsuit on americans with disabilities act of 199 ?
0 why are there letters on the telephone ? why are there no q or z ?
1 what first-aid commodity `` helps the hurt stop hurting '' ?
3 who is the president of bolivia ?
1 what impenetrable system of french fortifications was built along the german wilderness before world war ii ?
5 how much of the earth 's open is permanently frozen ?
0 how does body covering curl ?
0 What does e=mc2 mean ?
0 how can you get rust blot out of clothing ?
5 how many electoral college choice does colorado have ?
3 what occupation has the highest divorce pace ?
0 What is the difference between jazz and blues ?
3 what democratic prankster waved the train out of the station while richard nixon spoke from the kitchen ?
4 what stadium do the miami dolphins play their residence games in ?
2 what does the `` c '' stand for in the equality e=mc2 ?
3 what actress 's biography is titled shelley : also known as shirley ?
5 how many rows of facial hair does a cat have ?
3 whose first presidential order was : `` let 's get this goddamn matter airborne '' ?
0 What is main reason for that electric vehicles can 't be popular nowadays ?
5 How many Fig Newtons are there to the pound ?
4 where is sinn fein 's office ?
3 what are the only players eligible to score component in roller derby called ?
3 who died 1 feet from where john f. kennedy did ?
0 what causes respiratory disease ?
0 what causes a person to have constantly sweaty hands and animal foot ?
1 what polarity is the best love match for a horoscope polarity ?
3 what famous husband-and-wife team did radio ad for blue nun wine ?
3 who leads the star ship enterprise in star trek ?
1 in kafka 's metamorphosis , the champion awakes one morning to find himself turned into what ?
0 what was the reason for the partition of the anglican and vatican religion ?
3 who was chief engineer of the starship enterprise ?
5 how many points is a phonograph record in the center hole worth in crokinole ?
5 how many teats does a female goat mutant ?
1 a dog is a kind of what ?
3 what 's the most common nickname of u.s. body football teams ?
0 What is the origin of the expression `` four-letter word '' ?
1 what was the name of the knight that fell on queen elizabeth , prince albert 's wife ?
3 who is the antichrist ?
3 what singer 's feat song inspired the dolly parton stallone movie rhinestone ?
3 Who was Randy Steven Craft 's lawyer ?
1 what is the scotch `` for people United Nations agency know the difference '' ?
3 Name the On Stage character whose face was never seen .
0 What is time ?
0 how do i einsteinium-mail someinsteiniumoneinsteinium at aol.com from yahoo.com ?
4 what configuration represents a hunter with club and shield ?
1 what weapon did the crossed slit in english castles accommodate ?
0 what makes a erectile organ sensitive ?
5 how many thousands of student attend the university of massachusetts ?
3 what comedienne upstaged dwight d. eisenhower 's first inauguration by giving parturition to her first child ?
0 what was the claim to honor of the football game that saw fordham defeat waynesburg state 12601 on september 3 , 1939 ?
0 What is limbo ?
4 what state assets comes last alphabetically ?
3 who is part manager for guidance and control systems at jpl ?
5 what 's the maximum number of golf club a golfer may use in a round ?
0 What 's the origin of the word ` news ' ?
4 what municipality has a newspaper called the plain dealer ?
1 what was organized as a confederate veterans ' social golf club in pulaski , in tennessee , in 1866 ?
0 how do Protestant make their nests ?
3 what author did photographer yousuf karsh call `` the shiest valet i ever met '' ?
3 rotary engine cable car were made by what company ?
4 What two countries share the Khyber Pass ?
0 What does the Latin ante mortem mean ?
1 the jewish character set is known as what ?
3 Who led the Normans to victory in the Battle of Hastings ?
1 what is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune illness which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?
3 what painter popularized soup cans and brillo soap pad corner ?
4 Where can I find information on the cyclone that hit New Jersey on 8/28/1941 ?
1 what chocolate bar created by frank mars and his wife is often called a milky way with peanuts ?
5 what is the amount of medium of exchange owed for illegally having a dog on a beach ?
5 how long was the longest hiccup operation ?
1 what cartridge holder paid ernest hemingway $15 a word to write a bullfighting article ?
1 what letter is to the right of k on a typewriter device ?
1 what grand slam outdoor game tournament wasn 't held between 1940 and 1945 ?
3 who was the first x-man to die in battle ?
1 what 's a craps contestant called ?
3 what female religion healer wrote the inspirational book i believe in miracles ?
0 What are dingoes ?
3 who reports the weather on the `` good morning america '' television entertainment ?
1 The operating system that runs on IBM-compatible machines is called what ?
5 how much of the silver production is manufactured by independent jewelry maker ?
1 what organism received royal assent as an emblem of canada on march 24 , 1975 ?
1 what is a golf musket ball made of ?
1 what do west indian sword bands use as instruments ?
5 what does an average daycare businessperson get paid in new england ?
1 in which kevin costner movie did sioux indians play a character ?
3 Who are the nomadic hunting and gathering tribe of the Kalahari Desert in Africa ?
1 italy is the largest manufacturer of what ?
4 what people is a sicilian ?
3 who is the voyager undertaking manager ?
4 what country has problems with attacker ?
0 how do i get a complete database of all the people that are living with the last name kilvington ?
0 what is the origin of the word `` loft '' ?
3 What police force did Mack Sennett create ?
0 what is the quality between a fruit and a vegetable ?
3 who followed willy brandt as chancellor of the federal republic of germany ?
4 What is the location of McCarren Airport ?
2 what is a `` usb '' interface on a computer ?
1 which is the best opening decision in chess ?
0 what is the order of the arrow in boy scouts ?
0 what is the point of the term `` buffalo wings '' that is used as a menu item in bars across the nation for chicken wings in a spicey sauce ?
0 How did serfdom develop in and then leave Russia ?
3 Who invented volleyball ?
4 what country has the most time topographic point , with 11 ?
1 what ocean fly burned and sank in hong kong harbor ?
4 where can i get information and statistics on countries and nation ?
5 what year is etched on the gold medal of excellence from the paris exposition depicted on a buttocks of campbell 's tomato soup ?
4 What Asian country has a bill of rights for cows ?
0 how do birds find their way back to the same place every time period ?
4 what south american municipality has the world 's highest commercial landing field ?
0 What are Maid-Rites ?
3 What was the Ventura County police department that seized the county 's largest amount of cocaine ever ?
1 what was the top box place of business movie in april 1998 ?
0 colin powell is best known for what accomplishment ?
3 what famous meat ship's company went out of business because it became known that the underworld had been selling them kangaroo meat ?
3 who sought to create the great society ?
5 in what class was the movie the ten commandments released ?
3 who was the famous door-to-door brush salesman ?
0 what is the explanation of spamming ?
1 what sign is the best emotion match for a horoscope sign ?
4 what is the brightest celestial body visible from earth ?
5 how many years did it take james joyce to write ulysses ?
5 how many enlisted person were involved in the last panama invasion by the united states of america ?
5 How many stars are there on the Soviet Union 's flag ?
0 how can i trace my unit roots ?
3 who says , `` if you don 'deoxythymidine monophosphate look good , we don 'deoxythymidine monophosphate look good '' ?
3 who was the first russian astronaut to walk in quad ?
4 What desert country borders Saudi Arabia , Iraq and the Persian Gulf ?
4 what nation was a terrible beauty to leon uris ?
1 In what movie is the number nine found in the title ?
4 what municipality is near the mouth of the amazon ?
5 where does the u.s. rank among worldly concern countries in area ?
0 how is the discussion ` qigong ' pronounced ?
1 Which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?
5 how many shots can a capital m16 hold ?
5 What year did Charles Dicken die ?
3 what singer 's message song was when the moon comes over the mountain ?
3 what hard-of hearing artist painted sunflowers ?
5 how many taxonomic group of the great white shark are there ?
0 how do hermit crab reproduce ?
4 where are the tropical rain forest distribution ?
1 what 1964 film introduced the birdcall my kind of town ?
0 how do you fix squeaky horizontal surface ?
3 what was the appellation of model leslie hornby ?
1 what is the emotion of being loved ?
2 What does the `` c '' stand for in the equation E=mc2 ?
3 what president served for five years , six months and 2 life ?
3 name the substance company that traveled to soviet georgia to film a series of ads .
1 What was the name of the computer in ` 2001 : A Space Odyssey ' ?
3 who is imam hussain ben ali whom shia people believe in ?
5 When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?
4 what is the language unit of the planet that the ewoks live on ?
0 how did the atoll bathing suite get its name ?
1 what bird grabs the spotlight after the chinese year of the monkey ?
0 how does the speed the magnet spins in a generator affect the end product of the generator ?
4 where did hillary clinton scholar college ?
1 in order from the top , the four stripes on a container of pepsi are what colors ?
1 what 's the condition for a bet before cards are dealt ?
5 how much do tuberculosis combatting drug cost ?
0 what is the difference between a yield and a vegetable ?
3 what cable network bills itself as `` the unit entertainer '' ?
4 which political unit did hitler rule ?
1 what is the most advanced handheld calculator in the worldly concern ?
0 what are multitude doing to help prevent the extinction of birds ?
1 what 's the symbol for the zodiacal clue gemini ?
0 What does `` Semper Fidelis '' mean ?
5 how many url extensions are there ? and what are they ?
3 who sang the musical composition `` hooked on a feeling '' in the dancing baby episode of `` ally mcbeal '' ?
3 What schools in the Washington , DC NN NN VBP NN NN NN NN .
1 what do west indian alloy bands use as instruments ?
4 what new hampshire village rises early to vote first in u.s. presidential elections ?
3 what social group is the security council a part of ?
4 what commission do most baseball pitchers pitch toward ?
4 in what political unit is lund ?
5 how long does it take the milky way galaxy to make one rotation ?
3 Who kept the most famous diary in the English language ?
3 what national league baseball team employed 72 third baseemen in its first 2 season ?
5 What is the average salary of a paleontologist ?
1 what incident of 1933 did the german nazis use to justify emergency decrees , imprisoning opponents and vesting more quality in themselves ?
3 who retired with 755 home score to his credit ?
4 what is the highest landmass ?
5 how many center does an octopus have ?
0 what is the nature of snow and how is the formation of snow different from that of crystal ?
4 what is the greatest hiking web site ?
0 what are the terminus ad quem to `` self-defense ? ''
0 What is the secret of the universe ?
1 what can communication satellites offer yachts ?
3 who sang the song `` hooked on a feeling '' in the dancing baby episode of `` ally mcbeal '' ?
1 what lapin got its name because its ears resembled those of a jackass ?
3 who is the voyager project director ?
5 how many of every 10 members of the rodeo cowboys association have never worked a farm ?
5 what is the average cost for four class of medical school ?
0 What does the Georgetown `` Hoya '' mean ?
3 what famous actress made her first appearance on time period at the age of five in the year 191 as `` baby '' ?
5 what is the magnitude of argentina ?
1 name the men 's cologne that is associated with the ocean .
3 who is mia farrow 's mother ?
4 what state das kapital comes last alphabetically ?
1 what is the longest chemical name , consisting of 35 culture ?
3 what is a club ruled by elders ?
4 where is former pro combatant johnny `` rubber man '' walker ?
3 what are the top 10 college in the united states in the field of engineering ?
3 who took the artifact donated for the doodyville orphans ' fund and kept them for himself ?
0 how do birds find their way back to the same point every year ?
1 What meat complemented sweet potatoes and peas in the first TV dinner ?
1 What type of exercise burns the most calories ?
3 who provides telephone work in orange county , california ?
5 how many times does the tide ebb and flow each time unit ?
1 what is the word for sexual love of pain or abuse ?
0 what were the first words spoken on a film sound line ?
1 what relative of the racoon is sometimes known as the cat-carnivore ?
4 where can i find up-to-date coastal ocean surface temperature data , preferably along north america and the caribbean ?
3 who owns the st. louis rams ?
0 what is the classic definition of tragic champion ?
5 when did mount st. helen last have a significant discharge ?
0 what is the beginning of the christmas tree ?
1 what is a concern of sourness ?
1 what italian lining was hijacked in 1985 ?
4 What direction do the best surfing beaches face ?
4 What city does McCarren Airport serve ?
4 what scandinavian country covers 173 , 732 square linear unit ?
5 how much coca cola is drunk in one day in the natural object ?
0 what is the origin of the language unit igor ?
5 what is the starting salary for beginning lawyer ?
0 How do you recognize anorexia ?
1 what soft drink held a national flavor pate in 1967 ?
1 what does playboy title its `` continuing dialog on contemporary issues between playboy and its scholar '' ?
3 what former african drawing card held his country 's boxing title for nine years ?
1 what is the name of the family circus 's pawl ?
3 which bloom county inhabitant wreaks havoc with a computer ?
3 who invented the road traffic artifact ?
1 what diversion is chris jogis a top player of ?
0 What is the history of the hairdryer ?
4 What are the world 's three largest oceans , in order of size ?
4 which country is australia 's largest export activity ?
1 which language has the most password ?
1 what are other ways of getting stretch businessman besides pregnancy , weight loss , and weight lifting ?
0 how can you become an fbi agentive role ?
4 what two administrative district is washington d.c. between ?
5 how many years did shea & gould practice jurisprudence in los angeles ?
5 Of children between the ages of two and eleven , what percentage watch `` The Simpsons '' ?
1 what is dudley do-right 's horse 's language unit ?
1 What is state tree of Nebraska ?
3 who killed jfk ?
1 what are the most albums sold by one artist or isthmus ?
3 who was the first adult to return to space ?
3 who does the promotion for frito-lay ?
0 what is carpal tunnel complex ?
3 What was Marilyn Monroe 's real name ?
1 What four-legged creature did a Cornell University study say would make man 's best companion in space ?
5 how many queen bees reign in a beehive ?
1 what significant struggle was fought in belgium in 1815 ?
5 how much does it cost , average or whatever is available , to produce and send debris mail catalogues in the us ? , dt cd nn nn ,
0 how do you build a solar car for a high educational institution experiment ?
1 what shape-shifting danger did rom come to earth to fight ?
0 what does a red flag average in auto racing ?
1 what was the giant in spielberg 's film `` jaws '' ?
1 what scale maneuver earthquakes ?
0 how do you determine temperature change requirements for your home ?
1 what is the second hardest matter ?
0 What is Margaret Thatcher known for ?
3 what green bay packers trainer philosophized : `` there 's nothing that stokes the fire like hate '' ?
4 what peruvian city is home to the mummified consistency of francisco pizarro ?
4 where can one find information on religion and wellbeing , the brain and nutrition ?
5 when was the internal combustion locomotive developed ?
0 How does an abacus work ?
5 how many line of whiskers does a cat have ?
5 how large is the arctic refuge to preserve unique life and wilderness value on alaska 's north coast ?
1 what is damage to enterprise and government caused by bureaucracy ?
4 What nationality is Ileana Cotrubas ?
3 who was the celestial body of the 1965 broadway hit golden boy ?
1 What money was used by them ?
4 where can i find a lesson plan for teaching the metric system conversion to american criterion ?
1 what creature is the absolute fastest in moving in the natural object , birds , mammals , etc. , ?
0 What is the origin of U.S. Army sergeant 's stripes ?
1 What was lost and regained by poet John Milton ?
5 how much does one long ton of cement cost ?
5 When was Nostradamus born ?
0 what is a pig in a jab ?
5 what is the busiest air travel travel season ?
3 what group was formed in 1969 after police met resistance from patrons at the stonewall , a greenwich village gay room ?
1 what is the sword name of a chemical used to control ripening ?
3 what major airline has the best safety record in the natural object ?
3 whose cover is that of an worker of universal import and export ?
3 who served as divine guidance for the schoolteacher portrayed by robin williams in `` dead poets society '' ?
1 What Jules Verne novel features scientists held captive in the submarine Nautilus ?
3 which radio devotion air the jim bohannon radio talk show ?
4 what famed sslip of land is a 15-minute boat slip across the venetian lagoon from venice ?
3 Who painted Mother and Child ?
1 what famed gangland slaughter cut into the body of bugs moran 's outfit ?
0 Shea and Gould closed their Los Angeles office for what reason ?
3 what is the nickname of the famous flyer United Nations agency mistakenly flew to ireland instead of to los angeles ?
5 in what class was the cannon invented ?
3 What part did John Peter Zenger play in the deveopment of the newspaper in America ?
4 where can i find a list of `` classic '' script 5th and 6th graders should read ?
5 what is the frequency of vhf ?
0 how do you get day with the `` hooters '' girls ?
4 what is bill gates of microsoft e-mail code ?
3 what player has been called ohio fats and blobbo ?
3 who made the largest cocaine capture in ventura county history ?
1 what oldtime kids ' menu did tv guide writer jeff greenfield call `` one of the most...subversive tv shows in american history '' ?
2 What does BUD stand for ?
0 what is the origin of the discussion `` mind '' ?
3 what natural object group raised a ruckus at the white house by singing american woman ?
4 What country has the highest per capita consumption of cheese ?
5 what year did the united states pass the copyright law ?
3 what british female pop singing star of the 1960s and early 1970s was a child actress in the 1940s and 'fifty ?
0 How did the war of 1812 affect Delaware ?
4 what is the oldest computer on the internet ?
3 what u.s. general died december 1 , 1945 , when his jeep collided with a motor vehicle ?
4 what scandinavian capital is built on nine bridge-connected land ?
3 Who made the first airplane ?
5 how much coca cola is drunk in one sidereal day in the world ?
4 what was the largest city in the worldly concern to declare martial law in 1989 ?
5 how many people have been killed in war , armed conflicts ?
5 how many jews were executed in concentration military quarters during wwii ?
3 Who else was considered for the role of Luke Skywalker when George Lucas was casting for Star Wars ?
1 What 's played at Wembley Stadium , London , every May ?
3 what spy novelist served as moscow communicator for reuter and the times of london ?
0 what do a diamond and lout of coal have in common ?
5 How old is the Italian artist Maurizio Pellegrin ?
1 what is the lowest property of the american judiciary ?
3 which is the only dick tracy villain to appear three fourth dimension ?
5 How many tenths of the Earth 's surface lie under water ?
0 what is the socratic method acting ?
5 What year was the ATM first introduced ?
3 what indian tribe is f troop perpetually doing military action with ?
1 what four-legged animal did a cornell university study say would make man 's best companion in space ?
0 what did n't rocky marciano do in his pro contact sport career ?
4 Where can I read about Chiang Kai-shek ?
0 how does salt melt methamphetamine and snow ?
1 what racehorse won an associated press poll as the greatest horse of the 20th time period ?
3 who was monet ?
1 what organism acted as lapwarmers for american colonists in church ?
5 how many words are there in the spanish communication ?
5 How many minutes were there on the original GE College Bowl clock ?
3 which of the following work force was not married to rita hayworth ?
5 what class was the avery dennison company founded ?
4 where can i find script reviews of `` turbulent souls '' ?
3 What two presidents of the U.S. published books of poetry ?
0 what is an information of an actual case of using the fourteenth amendment ?
0 how can i easily remove red wine stains from t-garment ?
3 what society developed the idea of potlatch ?
3 what business exports the sparkling alcohol spumante ?
3 what two commanders directed the influence in the battle of el alamein ?
1 what is the term for someone who hates world ?
4 what is the tallest batch ?
3 who was the first woman politician of wyoming ?
0 What is the filmmakers collabrative ?
0 What was unusual about Alexandra 's appearance in Josie and the Pussycats ?
1 musician ray charles plays what device ?
3 What 's the name of Popeye 's adopted son ?
3 what famous singing cowboy owns the california angels baseball unit ?
0 how did the calendar month of the year get there name ?
1 what new activity are available for nintendo 64 ?
0 how do i start a slope ?
0 how do i find out what cities are in a certain area written communication ?
0 why are the u.s. presidential election held in november ?
1 what is a camel body covering brush actually made out of ?
3 What is the name of Dolly Parton 's rarely seen husband ?
1 what is another language unit for diet ?
5 what is the speed of the mississippi river ?
5 what ratio of children of ages between two and eleven timepiece ` the simpsons ' ?
3 who invented broadcasting ?
1 what penalty attribute lies between baltic avenue and reading railroad on a monopoly board ?
3 who created the fictional character of scrooge ?
1 What is the only substance that gives food its `` taste '' when eaten ?
1 what kind of education do i need to become a trajectory attendant ?
0 why do oceans contain salt body of water instead of fresh body of water ?
0 what facial feature did walt disney diversion that none of disney 's employees is allowed to ?
1 what drink is made up of rum , coconut beverage and pineapple ?
3 who is section administrator for guidance and control systems at jpl ?
5 how many nerve cell are in the human brain ?
1 what did the ancients call the four great weather ?
5 how many innings constitute an official ball game game ?
3 what occupation in alaska were affected by the exxon valdez oil spill ?
4 what city gained honor for its pea-soup fogs ?
3 who developed the first infectious disease vaccine ?
0 what happens to used motor vegetable oil ?
3 What actor dressed up as Santa Claus and had a once-a-year affair with actress Shelley Winters every Christmas for many years ?
1 What is your favorite color ?
3 Who is the mathematician that won the Noble Prize for Literature in 1950 ?
4 what are some mythology web site ?
4 what web web site are linked to the report on genesis eldercare ?
5 when are bovid shorn ?
5 how many hummingbird foodstuff could fit in one ostrich egg ?
3 who is the leading competitor of trans union company ?
0 how do vending machine tell if your dollar is a 1 or a 5 ?
1 What cooking oil has `` corn goodness '' ?
0 What is the origin of Boxing Day ?
4 In what part of Africa is Mozambique located ?
0 what is the root of all transgression ?
4 where can i get information and statistics on countries and political unit ?
3 who was picasso ?
1 which thrilled taste buds first - snickers or 3 musketeers ?
1 what is a outdoor game ball made of ?
3 who is the laminitis of scientology ?
0 what is the daily requirement of folic acid for an expectant parent ?
2 What is the correct way to abbreviate cc. at the bottom of a business letter ?
0 how can i enforce new rules to a group of youngsters United Nations agency have been allowed to do as they please .
1 in order from the top , the four stripes on a buttocks of pepsi are what colors ?
3 what british female pop singing star of the 1960s and early 1970s was a child actress in the forties and '50s ?
1 What is the Islamic equivalent of the Red Cross ?
5 What is the population of Japan ?
4 what are britain 's two longest stream ?
0 What is the function of RAM ?
1 What therapy attempts to elicit the `` primal scream '' ?
1 what are the most common reproduction birds in the u.s. ?
1 What is 55 times sweeter than cane sugar ?
5 what are the shoe sizes of o 'neal , jordan , and mutombo , the nba players ?
0 how does an abacus employment ?
0 How close a cousin was Franklin D. to Theodore Roosevelt ?
5 what are the possibility of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?
0 what is a specimen of basidiomycete ?
1 what two body parts grow all your animation ?
5 how many visitors go to the vatican each time period ?
4 what bordering political unit is due north of costa rica ?
0 for what reason did the shea & gould jurisprudence firm close their l.a. office ?
1 what is a fear of property , body , ?
5 How many rows of sprocket holes does a roll of 35-millimeter film have ?
0 what does an monotreme look like ?
4 what u.s. state of matter is fort knox in ?
3 Who was the author of the novel `` Far From the Madding Crowd '' ?
3 who painted `` soft self-portrait with grilled bacon '' ?
5 how many four ace generals were there and who are they ?
1 what `` little red car '' is mentioned in pop singer prince 's collision song ?
0 what is a maker ?
3 Who said : `` The victor will never be asked if he told the truth '' ?
4 what european political unit 's monarchy was restored in 1975 ?
5 what are bottle crown with presidents ' pictures inside worth ?
3 who invented the plot bowling ?
4 what country has the best defensive military position in the board game diplomacy ?
0 what does the language unit calder mean ?
0 what is the purpose of the sysrq device on my computer deviceboard ?
5 What is average salary of restaurant manager in United States ?
1 what cbs soap opera was interrupted by the bulletin of john f. kennedy 's defamation ?
4 which political unit is the largest political unit in latin america ?
1 what are super game equipment made of ?
1 what character of performer is ileana cotrubas ?
3 What famous male vocalist has the same name as the composer of the opera Hansel and Gretel ?
4 where is the largest position office building in the world ?
1 what 's an easy way to count the approximate number of aquatic vertebrate in a lake ?
0 why do multitude get calluses ?
4 where must a soccer goalie stand to be permitted to handle the game equipment ?
3 Name 11 famous martyrs .
0 how did shipyard policeman james j. kilroy designate equipment as being satisfactory ?
5 what is the day of bastille day ?
3 who was the first english circumnavigator of the ball ?
3 what president hit the jogging paths to enhance his athletic image and , sporting no. 39 , almost collapsed during the road subspecies ?
1 What is the name given to the Islamic counterpart of the Red Cross ?
4 What city did the Mormons establish as their headquarters in 1847 ?
0 what is the difference between a bottle and a vessel ?
5 How many mines can still be found in the Falklands after the war ended ?
3 in the past 8 years world health organization have the mvp players for the nhl been ?
1 Name a product that controls the ripening of apples .
3 who was darth vader 's son ?
1 in what sport are these following book relevant : 118 , 126 , 134 , 142 , 15 , 158 , 167 , 177 , and 19 ?
5 what is the starting salary of a specialist ?
0 What does `` antidisestablishmentarianism '' mean ?
1 What drug is often used to treat AIDS patients ?
5 How many hands does Bjorn Borg use when hitting his forehand ?
1 what is the loop of low pressure around the equator called ?
3 what kind of people took relation in shays ' rebellion in massachusetts in 1787 ?
1 what operating system do ibm-compatible machines consumption ?
3 who is the director of intergovernmental matter for the san diego county ?
3 what nazi leader killed himself in correctional institution just before he was to be executed as a war criminal ?
5 how many questioning are on this thing ?
4 where 's the 19th hole on a outdoor game course ?
1 What war was fought by the Spanish as far as the Philippines ?
3 what is an model of a famous rock band from the sixties ?
4 where is the oldest living thing on terrestrial planet ?
0 how do they type chinese fictional character on a keyboard ?
1 in what deodorant commercial did tenant have adjoining medicine cabinets ?
4 what is the longest point name in the u.s. ?
3 Who is the richest person in the world , without owning a business ?
0 what is the difference between jazz and black music ?
1 what 's the symbol for the zodiacal polarity gemini ?
1 which breakfast grass brought you `` the best each morning '' ?
1 which came first , according to genesis 1 : 2 : 22 - the chicken or the testis ?
3 what french person sold louisiana to the united states ?
0 What is Spumante ?
3 what classical spanish communicator warned : `` all that glitters is not gold '' ?
1 what is nebraska 's most valuable assets ?
1 what irwin allen bomb has richard widmark saying he 'll be `` the first officer in history to get his butt kicked by a disorderliness of bugs ! '' ?
5 how many `` no '' solution was the what 's my line ? panel allowed ?
4 where do attribute drinks begin ?
0 what is the beginning of the word `` pallbearer ? ''
5 how many people die from tuberculosis each time period ?
5 what time of year is air motion the heaviest ?
3 what were the last defamation of gangsters bonnie and clyde ?
1 What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?
3 who holds the nfl record for most touchdowns in a season ?
4 what ocean does mauritania margin ?
1 what ability has the silkworm lepidopterous insect lost through domestication ?
1 what is the name of the disease that actress hunter tylo 's baby woman has ?
5 What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?
3 who does the part of the simpsons ?
3 who was the diviner of the muslim people ?
5 how many trap are there in a tenpin bowling ball ?
4 what capital is built around monument circle which contains enlisted person and sailors monument ?
0 what is the function of bios ?
5 What month , date , and year did Charles I die ?
1 what line of case is named after a famous american flier ?
0 what is so powerful about power bars ?
4 what is the highest mountain in the natural object ?
1 what metric linear unit was invented by c.c. magee in 1935 ?
3 what tv comediennes 's imaginary being include former movie star nora desmond , secretary mrs. wiggins and a housewife named eunice ?
1 what can communications satellite offer yachts ?
1 What is the medical term for cancer of the blood ?
2 what is the abbreviated condition used for the national bureau of investigation ?
1 Jude Law acted in which film ?
0 What is the origin of `` barbeque '' ?
3 what were the last name of gangsters bonnie and clyde ?
3 who graced the airwaves with such pearls as `` do ya lo-o-ove me ? get naked , baby ! '' ?
1 what is a fear of envy ?
1 what 's the colored part of the sense organ called ?
1 what software offers inventors consumption of cad-like design ?
0 how does zatanna perform her magic in dc comic strip ?
1 What Broadway show introduced the song Some Enchanted Evening ?
0 how do you make a machine chip ?
4 in what city or state do the most gay work force live in ?
1 which mosquito 's sting draws blood , dt nn cc dt nn .
4 where can i get data and statistics on countries and nations ?
5 how many penny-farthing are there on a trivial pursuit game board ?
0 how do they raise the writer when building high-rise buildings ?
0 what is the point of the christmas tree ?
3 what american poet wrote : `` good barrier make good neighbors '' ?
1 what tv ordering saw many of its aquatic scenes shot at silver springs , florida ?
0 What is a green bog ?
0 what is causal agent orange ?
3 who is henry butler ?
1 what video format was an decision making to vhs ?
1 What kind of creatures are black , yellow , and brown bullheads ?
4 Where was George Washington born ?
1 what are the 7 article of the constitution ?
1 what homerian epic chronicles event toward the end of the trojan wars ?
1 what is the procedure called for drilling a trap in your skull to acheive a higher consciousness ?
1 what don mclean song laments the time unit buddy holly died ?
0 What caused the Lynmouth floods ?
1 what is `` the carnivore of beers '' ?
3 who asked the musical question : `` have you ever been to electric woman land ? ''
3 Whose cover is that of an employee of Universal Import and Export ?
0 what was the title to fame of the football game that saw fordham defeat waynesburg state 12601 on september 3 , 1939 ?
5 how many types of dogs ' dress suit are there - three
0 what is the origin and the meaning of the language unit , `` hajo ? ''
3 who invented the void cleaner ?
0 how do you find out what is allowed to claim as a contibution for income tax purpose ?
3 what new orleans d.a. claimed : `` my staff and i solved the character assassination weeks ago '' ?
4 what was the tallest construction in america in 1922 ?
5 How much snow equals an inch of rain ?
1 What is a fear of strong light ?
5 how many meters are in a nautical mile ?
5 how many computer memory unit are in a terabyte ?
0 How do you handle a hungry man ?
5 When is a woman most fertile ?
1 What are the chemicals used in glowsticks ?
5 what is the highest act of home runs on record for any one game ?
4 where did the uke originate ?
3 what physicist-architect designed the present st. paul 's cathedral in london ?
1 What film was based on the play Everybody Comes to Rick 's ?
5 when will jean aeul publish her next publication ?
1 What did the Chinese emperor present to the English soldier Gordon in recognition of his services in quelling rebellions ?
5 How many islands make up Antigua ?
4 Name a civil war battlefield .
4 Where is Dartmouth College ?
4 where can i get a representation of professor randolph quirk ?
3 who invented the paper clip ?
3 who was lauren bacall 's first spouse ?
0 how come a doughnut has a opening in it ?
1 what musical instrument did prewitt play in james jones 's from here to eternity ?
0 Why are electric cars less efficient in the northeast than in California ?
3 what ship's company makes impulse hardening equipment ?
4 what state of matter has the longest great lakes shoreline ?
3 Who are the Challengers of the Unknown ?
0 what are the words to the canadian national hymn ?
1 What 's the term for a young fox ?
5 how many frames does a round shape camera shoot ?
1 what marx brothers movie area on a stolen painting ?
3 what constitution was founded by the rev. jerry falwell ?
5 what is the per-caput income of colombia , south america ?
0 what is a canada two-penny achromatic color ?
3 What two New York Yankee pitchers swapped wives and families ?
1 what did the crocodilian reptile swallow in peter pan ?
3 who made the first surfboard ?
5 what is the fundamental quantity for baking peachy oat muffins ?
5 in what year did joe dimaggio compile his 56-game hitting succession ?
0 what is main cause for that electric vehicles can 't be popular nowadays ?
1 What are the 10 plagues of Egypt ?
0 what is the theory of equivalence state of matter ?
1 in ad 999 , what sort of affair , fears , were there ?
5 how much coca cola is drunk in one time unit in the world ?
3 What party was Winston Churchill a member of ?
3 Who was the supreme god of Germanic religion ?
1 what william styron book is about a black preacher world health organization leads a slave revolt ?
3 who said : `` old soldiers never die ; they just fade away '' ?
3 what famous actress made her first appearance on stage at the age of five in the time period 191 as `` baby '' ?
4 what mediterranean island is residence to the first club med ?
5 the shea & gould jurisprudence firm had an office in l.a. for how many years ?
3 who created the comic strip , `` garfield '' ?
3 what communicator-journalist made his mark describing colorful broadway and underworld characters ?
0 Give a reason for American Indians oftentimes dropping out of school .
0 What is a rhomboideus minor ?
0 why are there letters on the electronic equipment ? why are there no q or z ?
1 what do west indian steel social group use as instruments ?
3 who created billy pilgrim , a survivor of the dresden firestorm ?
4 what is the web address at which i can find the e-mail address of a associate of the us house of representatives ?
3 Name the child left on a doorstep at the beginning of Gasoline Alley .
3 name the writer of the poem which begins : i do not know much about gods ; but i think that the river is a strong brown god-sullen , and untamed ?
0 how does the speed the attraction spins in a generator affect the output of the generator ?
5 What is the exchange rate between England and the U.S. ?
4 what is the das kapital of congo ?
5 what is the distance of a condor ?
3 What Asian spiritual and political leader was married at the age of 13 ?
5 On which date is the Ukrainians ' Christmas ?
3 what administrator portrayed the commandant of the pow camp in 1953 's stalag 17 ?
3 who holds the nfl record for most score in a season ?
5 hitler came to ability in germany in what year ?
1 which leg does a cat-o'-nine-tails move with its left front leg when walking - its left rear or right rear leg ?
1 which is heavier - cream or beverage ?
3 who was credited with saying : `` i never met a valet i did n't like '' ?
3 which baron signed the magna carta ?
0 what is the difference between a college and a body ?
1 What does ribavirin consist of ?
1 What breed of dog was the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?
1 What is the name of the disease that actress Hunter Tylo 's baby girl has ?
0 what do you say to a friend who ignores you for other person ?
0 How can you prevent it ?
1 What dropped 1 , 313 feet in 1980 ?
3 which major diamond manufacturer is based in south africa ?
3 what is the language unit of the american who was captured when his plane went down over syrian-held lebanon ?
5 how often are digit born ?
5 How many endangered species are there in the world ?
5 how many cubic feet of space does a gallon of body of water occupy ?
3 who is the sexiest women in the worldly concern ?
1 what was the name of the computer in ` 2001 : a space odyssey ' ?
4 Where is Qatar ?
0 how can i get in contact with michael moore of `` roger & me '' ?
1 what are the titles of some r-rated sony playstation games ?
3 Who is Desmond Tutu ?
4 what commission do the best surfing beaches face ?
0 What is the literal meaning of `` D-DAY '' ?
5 What is the average hours per months spent online by AOL users ?
0 what was the verdict in the attempt of lizzie borden ?
3 Name the food company that traveled to Soviet Georgia to film a series of ads .
1 what is the language unit of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?
1 What wheel did Blaise Pascal invent in a search for perpetual motion ?
3 what is the name of the company that manufactures the `` american girl '' dame collection ?
5 what is the current commercial document fare from from cairo to barbados ?
3 what kind of constitution is ` last chance for animals ' ?
3 who is the voice of miss piggy ?
4 What are the four largest mountain ranges on the Asian continent ?
5 what sum of folic acid should an expectant mother take daily ?
3 who played sally rogers on the dick van dyke show ?
1 what game are bullets ?
5 what was the average life expectation during the stone age ?
1 what is a emotion of home surroundings ?
1 What rabbit got its name because its ears resembled those of a jackass ?
1 what basketball operation did bert loomis invent ?
1 what kind of nuts are used in candy ?
1 what homerian epic chronicles events toward the extremity of the trojan wars ?
3 what attorneys work for the center for the defense of free enterprise ?
0 why do we ask for the `` draft '' and not the bill at a restaurant ?
5 What is the average weight for a man ?
5 How many objects orbit the Earth ?
3 who wrote the bible ?
4 where is one 's capital callosum found ?
5 how many beatles ' evidence went #1 ?
5 how many trees go into paper devising in a year ?
4 Where was helium first discovered , hence its name ?
1 What film did Lee Marvin win the 1965 best actor Oscar for ?
3 what was the name of the 187s irish terrorist group in pennsylvania mining region ?
4 what is the best hospital for orthopedics in the nation ?
5 How many times larger than life size is the Statue of Liberty ?
4 What building appropriately enough is depicted on the back of the 1-dollar bill ?
1 What product does `` Mrs. Olsen '' promote ?
3 What was Eduard Shevardnadze 's job in the Soviet Union ?
1 What 's the dumbest domesticated animal ?
1 what was the name of the ball plot played by the mayans ?
3 name the ranger United Nations agency was always after yogi bear .
4 What are the biggest Indian airports ?
5 in what class was gandhi assassinated ?
3 who sings the birdcall `` drink to me with thine eyes '' by ben johnson ?
3 what `` marvelous '' major-association baseball player is now a spokesman for a beer company ?
0 what does the amount 33 on the rolling rock beer bottle mean ?
1 what five game make up a perfect cribbage hand ?
4 Where can I find scientific data , `` research papers , '' on textile engineering ?
5 what is the price for infectious disease drugs ?
3 What was football star Elroy Hirsch 's nickname ?
4 what countries have the highest magnitude relation of university students ?
4 where are the leading medical group specializing in lung diseases ?
3 name of the powerful white trader in conrad 's `` heart of darkness '' ?
1 what 's the hardest substance in the human natural object ?
5 how many lake are there on the earth ?
1 What term means a sexual attraction between a male and a female ?
3 Which team won the Super Bowl in 1968 ?
4 where can i find book follow-up of `` turbulent souls '' ?
0 how did the bikini diversion suite get its name ?
5 how many pairs of wing does a tsetse fly have ?
4 where did sarge steel get his metallic element hand ?
5 How many warmup pitches does a reliever get coming into a baseball game ?
1 What can one see in Reims ?
5 how many inches apart are adjacent pins in bowling pin bowling ?
3 who are the challengers of the unknown ?
5 how many astronauts have been on the moonlight ?
1 what is a fear of act ?
1 What colors is magenta made of ?
0 what are the benefit of a rowing machine ?
1 what type of structure is the golden gate structure ?
3 which president of the usa were masons ?
5 when did the `` star-spangled banner '' become the national hymn ?
1 What film had Bette Davis creating a scandal by wearing a daring red gown to a society ball ?
3 who was the first womanhood in space ?
0 How do birds have sex ?
5 how many feet long is a baseball pitcher 's latex ?
0 what is a swine in a poke ?
3 who founded the modern hypothesis of probability ?
0 how can i enforce new rules to a abstraction of youngsters who have been allowed to do as they please .
0 Colin Powell is best known for what achievement ?
2 what does a&w of root beer honor stand for ?
5 how many degrees cooler is the inside of a melon than the air outside ?
1 what part of their attire were `` pothooks '' to cowboy of the old west ?
3 who is olive oyl 's male sibling ?
3 who are the nomadic hunting and gathering kin of the kalahari desert in africa ?
5 what percent liked thatcher after she had been in power for a time period ?
5 what is the weight of a teaspoon of concern in a black hole ?
3 who 's played the most games for the new york yankees ?
1 what common plant has a button , cap , cup , British capacity unit , and ring ?
3 who retired with 755 home runs to his credit ?
0 what is the origin of the ethnic class `` caucasian '' ?
3 who reports the weather on the `` good morning america '' broadcasting show ?
0 what is probability hypothesis ?
1 what is the longest english language unit that can be formed using just the first row of letters on a typewriter ?
4 what country 's emblem is field green ?
5 How many eyes does a bat have ?
5 how much money did the marcos steal from their nation ?
0 how do i register a commerce name in north carolina ?
3 what is the name of actor rex harrison 's son , who starred in a modestly popular tv appearance during the late 1960's ?
3 what important person couple , when going through a divorce , divided their toilet paper into two equal piles ?
4 where can i find message on george bush ?
5 what is the price for aaa 's susceptibility auto insurance ?
3 what group asked the musical questioning do you believe in magic ?
1 what 1966 boob tube bomb took astronauts back to prehistoric fourth dimension ?
3 who is actress goldie hawn 's current performer boyfriend ?
0 why do oceans contain salt binary compound instead of fresh binary compound ?
2 what do the letters zip stand for in the phrase `` zip code '' ?
0 what exactly is radiation sickness ?
3 What fictional character is known as the `` melancholy Dane '' ?
5 what time period did nylon stockings first go on sale ?
3 who is henry butler ?
1 what is the correct property to mount a roll of toilet paper ?
3 Who is Colin Powell ?
4 what country boundary denmark to the south ?
0 what is the origin and the message of the name , `` hajo ? ''
4 what country has the highest per capita consumption of dairy product ?
1 what are the ace made of ?
4 what u.s. administrative district are the finger lakes in ?
5 when did french revolutionaries atmospheric phenomenon the bastille ?
0 what are motor vehicle ?
0 what is the spectrum of a trigonometric function wave ?
3 who was the second person ever to wear iron man 's armor ?
4 what administrative district is john f. kennedy buried in ?
4 what is the longest seat name in the u.s. ?
4 what channel does the thatcher ferry bridge span ?
0 how can you stop the itch from substance ivy ?
5 shea and gould had an place of business in los angeles for how long before closing it ?
1 on which flight did fawaz younis commit air piracy and prisoner taking ?
0 why do airplane crash vs. gliding down ?
1 what 's the most popular four-player plot of all time ?
3 who served as inspiration for the schoolteacher portrayed by robin williams in `` dead poets society '' ?
3 Who portrayed Prewett in From Here to Eternity ?
3 what good little witch is casper 's friend ?
0 How do I start a web based business ?
3 who was the star witness at the senate watergate proceeding ?
3 what stereo manufacturer is `` slightly ahead of its fourth dimension '' ?
2 what do the letters zip stand for in the phrase `` zip written communication '' ?
5 independent silversmith 's account for what percentage of silver product ?
0 what is the creating by mental acts of the ship titanic ?
5 how many recognizance are there in a cricket wicket ?
1 What sport features slotbacks , tailbacks , and touchbacks ?
4 which large u.s. city had the highest murder pace for 1988 ?
1 what is the term for the side of the batch that faces the prevailing winds ?
1 in hemingway 's `` old man and the sea , '' what kind of aquatic vertebrate does the old man catch ?
3 what female person in the game of clue is single ?
3 who invented the plot scrabble ?
3 Name of heroine in `` Scruples '' ?
1 what is `` the preference that beats the others cold '' ?
3 What university fired Angela Davis ?
3 what diminutive american female athlete stole the show at the 1984 olympics ?
0 What is hypertext ?
0 what facial property did walt disney sport that none of disney 's employees is allowed to ?
1 what color were their knight ?
5 How big is the largest diamond ?
5 how many calorie are there in a glass of water ?
5 how many real fruit foodstuff are there in a can of hawaiian punch ?
1 what is the term for the union of all genetic material in a given organism ?
1 what is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cell causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?
3 what english queen had seventeen juvenile ?
5 How much electricity does the brain need to work ?
0 how do i e-mail causal agent at aol.com from yahoo.com ?
1 what color are the castellated wall of the kremlin ?
0 What are Fortune 500 companies ?
1 which side should a bowler facing a 37803 rip hit the 3-pin on-the left or the right ?
0 Why is poop sometimes different colors ?
3 what are the top ten most common girl defamation in the us ?
0 what is the origin of the term `` buffalo wing '' that is used as a menu item in bars across the nation for chicken wing in a spicey sauce ?
0 what are the cookies in internet ?
1 what tv entertainment chronicled the lives of katy holstrum and congressman glen morley ?
3 what were the last names of criminal bonnie and clyde ?
0 how did the 7th part stretch get started ?
1 what 's the biggest-selling u.s. magazine aimed at a black consultation ?
5 What are the odds of giving birth to twins ?
3 name the specialist of the shoe that spawned millions of plastic imitations , known as ` jellies ' .
4 what eastern state sprouted the first commercial nuclear power building complex in the u.s. ?
3 Who murdered Leno and Rosemary LaBianca on August 1
4 what administrative district was named the green mountain administrative district ?
1 what soft drink would provide me with the biggest inhalation of caffeine ?
3 who wrote sons and lovers ?
1 What 's the official language of Algeria ?
3 who 's child was sweet pea on the popeye cartoon ?
4 what asian country has a beak of rights for cows ?
3 who is the president of bolivia ?
3 Who is the current prime minister and president of Russia ?
5 how many people watch net television ?
1 what were hairy slope notes in the fur trade ?
4 what political unit is the worlds leading supplier of cannabis ?
3 who was the author of the famous fairy tale `` snow white and seven dwarfs '' ?
3 who was samuel johnsons 's friend and biographer ?
5 When did the Carolingian period begin ?
0 what is the biblical meaning of ` natural object ' ?
1 What are the different types of plastic ?
5 how many class do fossils take to form ?
3 Who made the most appearances in the center square on Hollywood Squares ?
3 who said , `` i shall return . '' during world war two ?
0 What is deconstructionism ?
3 who is the worst us president ever ?
3 name the blind sculptress in sexual love with the fantastic four 's thing .
5 What will the California gas tax be in the year 2000 ?
0 what do the 12 sidereal day of christmas mean ?
3 what double talking `` professor '' holds a doctorate in nothing ?
1 what is a emotion of robbers ?
5 How much did a McDonald 's hamburger cost in 1963 ?
3 who invented batteries ?
4 what 's the das kapital of iowa ?
4 what state on the gulf of mexico has its lowest point five feet below ocean level ?
1 what was the food of the greek deity called ?
0 how do product blues screens work ?
5 how much time does the blink of an eye take ?
0 why are there olives in cocktail ?
3 who 's played the most plot for the new york yankees ?
5 how many course of sprocket holes does a roll of 35-millimeter film have ?
1 what kind of species is the giant in the film `` jaws '' ?
5 When did humans first begin to write history seriously ?
5 when did the american civil war extremity ?
4 what mountain compass marks the border of france and spain ?
1 for what illness is the drug sinemet used as a treatment ?
4 what body of water surrounds the cayman islands ?
1 What is the weakest bone in the body ?
3 what was the name given the 6 , 500 german airforce troop that used the spanish civil war as a training exercise ?
0 How do you select wine ?
0 What currents affect the area of the Shetland Islands and Orkney Islands in the North Sea ?
0 How can I find out what year a Beanie Baby was introduced ?
3 which glamorous actress is a close acquaintance of dick tracy ?
0 what is the origin of the construction `` four-letter word '' ?
3 what are names of two old men who appear in the serial television receiver muppets show ?
0 how does a small businessman interaction the good humor ice cream company to do business with them ?
3 who is the president of the united states of stanford university ?
5 when was the first american reference book published ?
4 what country buys 25 proportion of the world 's tea exports ?
3 which high schools are included in the south florida ice hockey association ?
1 which type of soda has the greatest amount of alkaloid ?
3 who said `` what contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''
1 what net game sees its women 's natural object amateur champions receive the uber cup ?
5 how many state of matter did richard nixon carry in 1972 ?
4 What is the snowiest city in the U.S. ?
0 how do i keep feline out of my flower garden for good ?
4 Where is the highest point in Japan ?
3 who is the famous movie ace who also acted as sewer commissioner of provo canyon , utah ?
3 who was shot in the back during a poker game in deadwood , the dakota territory ?
5 how many doubt do you have on your database ?
0 What was the rallying cry of the early American revolutionaries ?
0 what happens when a consistency part falls asleep ?
3 who is the film director of intergovernmental affairs for the san diego county ?
5 what is the estimated total u.s. whitetail deer people ?
1 what 's the most powerful circuit board in euchre ?
0 What are the Arabic Numerals from 1 to 10 ?
0 what does the latin stake mortem mean ?
3 Who took the toys donated for the Doodyville Orphans ' Fund and kept them for himself ?
1 What 's the international radio code word for the letter B ?
4 what biome has the highest sand dunes ?
3 what barroom adjudicator called himself the law west of the pecos ?
1 what 1976 deep throat ringer provides the leading lady with a second larynx ?
5 what was the 1940 annual regular payment for a boilermaker ?
4 Where did the Mayan Indians live ?
4 Where can one find information on religion and health , the brain and nutrition ?
3 Who was Red Grange ?
5 what time of time unit did emperor hirohito die ?
0 what is the point of the surname of braun ?
3 what knighted performer narrates tv 's the world at war ?
4 what asian country once thrilled to the sport of orthopterous insect fighting ?
0 what are the environmental influence on plant genetics ?
4 what design contains the twins castor and pollux ?
3 What are the top ten all-time money making NFL teams ?
1 what is a fear of visual property ?
3 Who wrote The Night of the Iguana ?
4 Where 's the Bernini-Bristol Hotel ?
5 how much of the state 's children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` the simpsons ' ?
1 what did multitude use to freshen their breath before toothpaste ?
0 what is e-department of commerce ?
3 What member of The Little Rascals has an on-again , off-again sweetheart in Darla Hood ?
1 what 's the geographic word for the submerged fringe of a continent ?
5 how many dots make up the signal for `` because '' ?
4 Where was George Washington born ?
5 when did the carolingian menstruation begin ?
1 what brew tells us , `` grab all the gusto you can get . '' ?
0 what is a glory trap ?
4 what countries does the mont blanc tunnel connection ?
1 what color , s , appear on corner of kodak film ?
1 what is a concern of gravity ?
0 what is a bulge ?
1 what irwin allen bomb has richard widmark saying he 'll be `` the first military officer in history to get his butt kicked by a mess of bugs ! '' ?
2 what do the culture zip stand for in the phrase `` zip code '' ?
0 what caused an adjournment of the 25th day session of the united nations general assembly ?
1 what incident of 1933 did the german nazis use to justify emergency decree , imprisoning opponents and vesting more power in themselves ?
0 What does the number 33 on the Rolling Rock beer bottle mean ?
0 what is the point of the typing practice sentence `` now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their country '' ?
1 what color poker fragment is usually assigned the lowest value ?
3 what famous actress made her first appearance on stproperty at the property of five in the year 191 as `` baby '' ?
4 what political unit have the most auto thefts ?
4 what body of water is the largest in the world ?
0 how do you measure the hotness of the sun ?
3 name the scar-faced bounty skilled worker of the old west .
1 What animal was the heat-seeking missile called the Sidewinder named for ?
5 what percent of natural object 's fresh water is found in canada ?
1 what is the correct way to mount a rotation of toilet paper ?
0 how can i find a earphone number of someone if i only know their email address ?
1 which hair concern product told us `` hate that gray , wash it away '' ?
5 when did fraze get his first patent for the pull-tab buttocks ?
3 what unit did babe ruth play his first major league game for ?
5 how many points is a bullseye worth in flit ?
3 what group was formed in 1969 after police met immunity from patrons at the stonewall , a greenwich village gay bar ?
5 what is the per-capita financial gain of colombia , south america ?
3 who was america 's first public enemy no. 1 ?
1 What is the English translation for the word `` caliente '' ?
4 what u.s. administrative district 's biggest lake is lake sam rayburn ?
5 How tall was the animated King Kong ?
4 what volcano exhibitor ash on sicily ?
3 who made the first surfboard ?
0 What is La Nina ?
3 who is dear abby ?
1 what card activity derived its name from biritch , or russian whist ?
5 how many double-language unit-score spaces are there on a scrabble crosslanguage unit game board ?
0 how do you build a solar cable car for a high school experiment ?
5 When did the use of `` the syringe '' first appear in medicinal history ?
4 what sea did the romans call mare remedy ?
5 how many electoral college right to vote does colorado have ?
4 what california biome is dubbed high biome ?
5 how many megawatts will the ability project in indonesia , built by a consortium headed by mission energy of us , produce ?
4 what nation , after canada and mexico , is closest to the u.s. ?
3 Who was the first person to study the stars ?
0 how did lee harvey oswald purchase his firearm ?
5 When was the USSR dissolved ?
0 how do you stop debris snail mail ?
4 what rocky mountain ridge separates north america 's east and westward-flowing rivers ?
3 What is her profession ?
0 what is the economic contact of unemployment on the economy ?
1 What British TV series inspired All in the Family ?
3 Who said of Super Bowl III in 1969 : `` We 'll win- I guarantee it '' ?
3 who was the first black to be head coach of a major league pro sports team ?
0 What is the orgin of xoxoxox ?
3 who invented the moog synthesizer ?
0 What are liver enzymes ?
1 what does an irate car owner telephone iron oxide ?
4 where can i find scientific data , `` research papers , '' on textile technology ?
1 what boris pasternak book sold 5 , 0 copies to become the fiction best-merchant of 1958 ?
5 when was the last major bang of mount st. helens ?
3 what cheery fellow got the zip code 9971 from the u.s. postal service in 1963 ?
1 what board game does a `` wood-pusher '' looseness poorly ?
5 how many group have died of tuberculosis ?
1 What does caliente translate to in English ?
3 who 's the only man to have won the olympic decathlon twice ?
0 Why do you say `` God bless you '' when people sneeze ?
1 What is Jell-O made from ?
0 how does a copier activity ?
0 what is the origin of the language unit `` attic '' ?
1 what 2 sculpture did france give to other countries ?
0 What is the meaning of Jesus ?
4 where can i find data about bob barr , representative from georgia ?
0 how can i find out my moon sign ?
0 what is the quality between khaki and chino ?
3 what english dramatist penned : `` where the bee sucks , so shall i '' ?
1 what is the name of the kids ' show from canadian public tv with the tattle pineapple ?
0 what is the origin of the word `` the brooklyn side '' in bowling ?
3 what was american family hero john chapman 's nickname ?
1 what cbs soap opera was interrupted by the report of john f. kennedy 's assassination ?
1 name the vessel used by the atari force in the dc comic strip .
0 how does the rate the magnet spins in a generator affect the output of the generator ?
3 who is the prophet of the religion of islam ?
1 what does a blacksmith put shoes on ?
0 Where did the energy for the Big Bang come from ?
3 who was the first english circumnavigator of the terrestrial planet ?
3 who liberated 19th hundred sicily and naples ?
0 What was The Living Room War ?
4 Where can I find detailed information about Manchukuo ?
4 Where do lobsters like to live ?
0 What is the origin of the Christmas tree ?
1 What sign is The Water Carrier the zodiacal symbol for ?
5 how many letters appear with the numbers 2 to 9 on a telephone face ?
3 who was the first valet to return to space ?
4 what sound does olympia , washington , topographic point ?
3 which member of the micronauts spent 1 years traveling the microverse in the marvel comic strip ?
5 what is the exchange magnitude relation for australian to american money ?
0 How does a glacier form ?
5 How long does it take sunlight to reach Earth ?
3 what argentine boxer was shot dead outside a nevada whorehouse in may ?
1 what is the largest snake in the worldly concern ?
1 what relative of the racoon is sometimes known as the cat-o'-nine-tails-bear ?
3 who 's the only man to have won the olympic athletic contest twice ?
1 what is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as : involuntary movements , tics , swearing , and incoherent vocalizations , grunts , utterance , etc. ?
3 Who wrote the book , `` Song of Solomon '' ?
1 what tract sport did dentist william beers promote and write a standard book of rules for ?
0 what are equity security ?
1 what kind of sports did they play in the class 1642-1649 , the english civil war time ?
4 where do i find data for foreclosure properties on the internet ?
0 what is object-oriented creating by mental acts ?
4 what country was the environment of you only live twice ?
5 what is the average animation expectancy of a male in ireland in 1996 ?
5 How many feet more than 2 is the average height of the Great Wall of China ?
3 The lawyer who represented Randy Craft , what was his name ?
5 how much folic acid should a pregnant woman get each time unit ?
0 why was henry ford 's first motor vehicle calleda model t & his second type of motor vehicle , introduced in 1928 , called a model a ?
1 What kinds of animals are in Cambodia ?
1 What is a fear of home surroundings ?
0 what is the origin of the discussion `` amen '' ?
1 what letter does gorbachev 's middle language unit start with ?
3 who was garrett morgan married to ?
4 What are some mythology websites ?
3 who portrayed renaud in casablanca ?
3 world health organization was the columbia pictures head world health organization forged actor cliff robertson 's name on a $1 , 000 check ?
3 what is the name of the brilliant british economist behind its activity ?
1 on which flight did fawaz younis commit air piracy and hostage action ?
4 what nation is the worlds leading supplier of cannabis ?
4 Where is the Statistical Abstract of the United States online ?
0 what is power guidance ?
0 what are wild dog ?
3 Name the designer of the shoe that spawned millions of plastic imitations , known as ` jellies ' .
1 what are the part of polyester ?
5 what was the first minimum regular payment ?
0 What is an example of an actual case of using the Fourteenth Amendment ?
3 who is desmond tutu ?
1 what are the historical trial following world war ii called ?
1 What TV series featured Neal , a martini-drinking St. Bernard ?
4 what political unit is the setting for edgar allan poe 's the pit and the pendulum ?
0 how did the small indefinite quantity-o '-lantern get it 's name ?
3 who was the first x-man to die in battle ?
1 what does playboy title its `` continuing dialogue on contemporary issues between playboy and its readers '' ?
4 what european capital celebrated its 2 , 000th day in 1951 ?
3 who is behind the name of the harvey wallbanger drink ?
3 who danced into stardom with fred astaire in 1941 's you 'll never get rich ?
0 how do i find out the exact fourth dimension of a sunset for a particular day ?
0 what is the origin of head louse ?
0 where did the saying `` rule of finger '' come from ?
0 what is an car-commentary ?
3 who comprised the now-defunct comic book team known as the champions ?
0 what is the textbook of the fifth amendment ?
5 How many blacks served in the Vietnam War
4 What country was Kim Philby really working for ?
1 what does a resurrectionist purchase ?
3 what phonograph record company was formed by herb alpert and jerry moss ?
4 what is a country that starts with the document x ?
0 why does tuberculosis afflict group ?
3 What girl 's name is `` Teddy '' an affectionate form of ?
5 What percent liked Thatcher after she had been in power for a decade ?
1 what is the organizational artifact of the new delhi indira gandhi airport ?
5 how many flavors of methamphetamine cream does howard johnson 's have ?
0 What are you hearing when you put a seashell to your ear ?
3 what pseudonym did william sydney porter activity in writing the gift of the magi ?
3 what are names of two old work force who appear in the serial tv muppets show ?
3 what tv character said ; `` one of these life , alice , pow , right in the kisser '' ?
3 what actor dressed up as santa claus and had a once-a-year concern with actress shelley winters every christmas for many years ?
2 What does IBM stand for ?
5 what percentage of all natural object tornados touch down in the us ?
3 who developed potlatch ?
4 what scandinavian political unit covers 173 , 732 square miles ?
3 name the ship's company that used the line , `` even your best friend won 't tell you '' in its ad ?
3 what 's mrs. bridges 's activity on tv 's upstairs , downstairs ?
1 What animals do you find in the stock market ?
4 where can i find info on research being done on seed thru genetics ?
1 what is the only animal that can turn its abdomen inside out ?
0 What is the history of yo-yos ?
3 What are the five most popular Usenet groups ?
1 name a product that controls the maturation of apples .
3 Who liberated 19th century Sicily and Naples ?
5 how many level of yellow paint is a faber mongol pencil lucky enough to be sprayed with ?
4 What two countries are separated by the Bering Strait ?
3 what ball game team owner and sailor is known as the mouth of the south ?
3 Who plays shortstop for Charlie Brown 's baseball team ?
0 what is alkene ?
1 what bowl activity began as an east-west contest between michigan and stanford in 192 ?
0 What exactly , specifically does sleep do for you ?
1 what common livestock have the greatest collection of breeds ?
0 what do the number 1 , 2 , and 4 average on dr. pepper bottles ?
4 what u.s. state records the least rain ?
3 who are the top 10 richest people in the world ?
0 what is metaphysics ?
1 what food contain the most protein ?
1 what did san francisco 's milt harper grow that measured 24 inches from point to point in 1974 ?
3 name the first private citizen to fly in attribute .
1 What Irwin Allen bomb has Richard Widmark saying he 'll be `` the first officer in history to get his butt kicked by a mess of bugs ! '' ?
0 what is the explanation of cosmology ?
5 what is the horsepower of the shuttlecock boosters ?
0 how is the element metallic element purified ?
3 What role do fruits play in the survival of plants ?
3 who wrote : `` poems are made by fool like me but only god can make a tree '' ?
0 why is field game so violent ?
5 in what year was the first patent for the pull-yellow journalism opener on cans obtained ?
4 what is the most useful tract on the internet ?
3 what camera institution said , `` if you haven 't got the time , we 've got the camera ? ''
3 who sings the musical composition `` drink to me with thine eyes '' by ben johnson ?
4 what was the first nation to put a second woman in space ?
3 what institution named one of its pens `` the banana '' ?
4 what country have the best math students ?
0 How can you contact play producers and promoters on-line ?
1 What are some of the significant historical events of the 1990s ?
1 what is the only gland in homo that can regenerate itself ?
1 what is damage to business and politics caused by bureaucracy ?
0 What is `` alternative '' anymore ?
1 what 1976 deep throat clone provides the leading lady with a second cartilaginous structure ?
1 what are some of the significant historical event of the 1990s ?
1 What did 8 , CD NNS VBP TO VB NNP POS NN .
1 what colors make up a bow ?
3 what doctor claimed in a 1946 publication : `` there is no such thing as a bad boy '' ?
0 What type of childhood did Jules Verne have ?
5 what seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance data ?
5 what is the weight of a containerful of matter in a black hole ?
3 what is the name of the pop musician whose song became the theme song for a brand of catsup ?
4 what city did the mormons establish as their office in 1847 ?
4 Where does Barney Rubble go to work after he drops Fred off in the `` Flintstones '' cartoon series ?
1 what is the product jonathan livingstone seagull ?
1 what is the full grouping of a lady bug ?
5 what are the odds of giving parturition to twins ?
5 how many copies of an album must be sold for it to be a amber album ?
5 how many times in his 16-year national basketball associaton occupation was john havlicek a member of the all-star team ?
0 what 's the saying of the boy scouts ?
0 what is a watchmaker ?
4 the orange bowl is in what municipality ?
4 what u.s. state of matter 's biggest lake is lake sam rayburn ?
4 what is the country of origin for the language unit thomas ?
1 what jewish leisure saw the start of the 1973 mideast war ?
3 who was ben casey 's boss ?
4 what metropolis position was first introduced in the superman cartoons of the 1940 's ?
5 how many multitude die of tuberculosis yearly ?
5 How long does a pig 's orgasm last ?
3 what professional sports league originated the college negotiable instrument ?
5 how many john deere tractor have been manufactured ?
4 what south american city has the world 's highest commercial landing tract ?
0 What was the infamous feat of Germany 's U-2 submarine ?
3 who was the only president to serve two nonconsecutive status ?
1 what character of hunting are retrievers used for ?
1 what is the term for the sum of all genetic substance in a given organism ?
0 why are organ animal tissue more successful today ?
4 what new england state covers 5.9 square nautical mile ?
0 how do you look up criminal phonograph record on the internet ?
3 Which of the Seven Dwarfs comes first alphabetically ?
3 who was the original humpty dumpty ?
1 What sport is Chris Jogis a top player of ?
1 what are the three animal in sheila burnford 's the incredible journey ?
1 what william styron publication is about a black preacher who leads a slave revolt ?
1 What were Baffin , Frobisher and Franklin looking for ?
3 who was the last woman executed in england ?
1 What are the four elements ?
5 In what year was the first patent for the pull-tab opener on cans obtained ?
4 Where is Natick ?
3 Who sings Angel Eyes from the 80 's ?
1 what six words follow the line : `` from a jack to a sovereign.. . '' ?
5 what is the chemical phenomenon rate between england and the u.s. ?
1 What whisky is `` known by the company it keeps '' ?
0 why do the chickenpox last so long ?
3 what english queen had six finger on one hand ?
3 who was the first american citizen awarded the albert medal of the society of arts ?
3 Who protects DC Comics ' realm of dreams ?
4 what political unit is the origin of the band the creeps ?
3 what two air force officer directed the forces in the battle of el alamein ?
1 in what diversion are these following numbers relevant : 118 , 126 , 134 , 142 , 15 , 158 , 167 , 177 , and 19 ?
3 what are the top ten all-time medium of exchange making nfl teams ?
5 how long does james bond like his foodstuff boiled ?
0 how does a cyclone form ?
0 What is color ?
3 who turned all he touched to amber ?
3 what cheery male got the zip code 9971 from the u.s. postal service in 1963 ?
2 What is the abbreviation of the International Olympic Committee ?
0 what is the deviation between a classical and an acoustic guitar ?
2 What 's the abbreviation for trinitrotoluene ?
5 how long was the oj simpson attempt ?
5 what is the power unit of the shuttle boosters ?
1 What game is Garry Kasparov really good at ?
1 what is the only primate to need pigment in the palms of its hands ?
4 in what state of matter was there an 11 million gallon oil spill ?
0 what is compaq 's mission message ?
3 Who killed more people , Hitler or Stalin ?
0 what is a electronic device ?
5 how many people died on d-day ?
5 how many class make up a lustrum ?
4 what star-blasted , 14-mile wide valley is just north of the mojave desert ?
4 what kind of habitat does the person live in ?
3 who led the action when konrad adenauer was chancellor in germany ?
5 How many flavors does Baskin & Robbins offer ?
3 What TV detective did Craig Stevens play ?
1 what does a man suffering from diphallic fetus have ?
1 what calculator operating system is on the most calculators ?
0 what is the beginning of the word ozymandias ?
1 what blood sport features a motion called a veronica ?
3 Who was America 's first Public Enemy No. 1 ?
0 what are hook invertebrate ?
0 why are there no white course on pro footballs ?
4 where can i find an ask an expert web site ?
1 What two vegetables are combined in succotash ?
3 which of these are writer ?
5 what time period did the edmund fitzgerald sink ?
1 what did englishman john hawkins begin selling to new world migrant in 1562 ?
3 who 's the twin brother of the greek goddess artemis ?
1 A corgi is a kind of what ?
0 what are sand verbena to a hot-rodder ?
5 how much did lucy van pelt originally charge for psychiatric school term ?
1 what boris pasternak script sold 5 , 0 copies to become the fiction best-seller of 1958 ?
1 what color flies closest to the force on belgium 's flag ?
3 who was the first adult to run the mile in less than 4 36893 minutes ?
3 Who is the President of Pergament ?
3 Who is Robin Williams ?
5 what does each of the service cost in monopoly ?
3 who created private detective philip marlowe ?
3 what comedian created a punch-drunk combatant named cauliflower mcpugg ?
0 what caused harry houdini 's change ?
3 Who was actress June Havoc 's legendary sister ?
1 what product did lee marvin win the 1965 best actor oscar for ?
1 what were popular songs and type of songs in the 1920s ?
1 what is state of matter tree of nebraska ?
1 what erica jong fiction deals with isadora wing 's fear ?
1 what do peacock mate with ?
0 how does the nintendo `` zapper '' employment ?
4 Where did Gulliver find a race of tiny people ?
4 Where can I get information on the original 13 US colonies ?
5 How many stars are there in Big Dipper ?
0 what defense did the nato people give for hitting the chinese embassy ?
3 what is the best spacing education university or college ?
0 what is the executor in a volition ?
4 what sprawling u.s. state boasts the most airfield ?
1 what course divided the north and south in the u.s. civil war ?
1 what color is the eight-ball in pocket table game ?
3 what famous comic part character died of acne ?
3 what girl 's name is `` teddy '' an affectionate word of ?
0 how can i get someone 's phone number if i only have their filmdom name ?
1 what is the name of the kids ' show from canadian public tv with the singing pineapple ?
0 how do doctors diagnose bone malignant tumor ?
0 what is the origin of bluing for boys and pink for girls ?
0 what is the origin of the countenance `` four-letter word '' ?
1 what tv game show once saw a contestant admit to picking his toes in the exhibitor ?
4 What former royal palace has served as a granary , prison , arsenal , leper colony , mint , telegraph station and whorehouse before becoming an art museum ?
1 which side of the boldness do most artists tend to show more of in self-portraits ?
4 what countries have the largest area of forest ?
4 where can i find the status of my tax recurrence ?
1 The Jewish alphabet is called what ?
0 how can you tell if person is lying ?
1 what is the term for the side of the mountain that faces the prevailing wind ?
5 how many hours of work does it take a typist to complete a 100-page script ?
0 Why do girls have to wear training bras ?
3 who was the columbia pictures head who forged actor cliff robertson 's language unit on a $1 , 000 check ?
3 what diamond manufacturer controls about 80% of the world 's diamonds ?
3 What attorneys work for The Center for the Defense of Free Enterprise ?
3 what multitalented academy-award-winning director failed a college course in visual communication-picture production ?
0 what will a compass do in outer attribute ?
4 what country boasts the most motor vehicle per mile of road ?
4 what country has the highest per capita consumption of tall mallow ?
1 what late-time period tv show features larry , bud , melman and toast on a stick ?
1 what product 's ad claim that it `` eliminates odors , kills household germs , mold , and mildew '' ?
3 what title did suzette charles assume for two time period in 1984 ?
1 what fib has the moral : `` he who wants everything gets nothing '' ?
4 what mountains lie between the arkansas and missouri stream ?
0 how did peabody and sherman travel through fourth dimension ?
3 who was the supreme god of germanic religion ?
0 why are there no white lines on pro football ?
1 what broadway musical featured the song , `` if i were a rich valet ? ''
1 in which kevin costner movie did sioux indians play a duty ?
5 what 's men 's equality on a 455-yard golf hole ?
3 what president was buried at his ancestral home plate overlooking the hudson river at hyde park , new york ?
1 What are the various ways in which one can measure IT User Satisfaction Level ?
3 who invented the wonderbra ?
4 In what city is the US Declaration of Independence located ?
0 what is white beverage ?
1 what cbs cleansing agent opera was interrupted by the bulletin of john f. kennedy 's assassination ?
0 what do social scientist do ?
3 who created the monster in mary shelley 's fiction frankenstein ?
0 why do group shake hands to show friendliness ?
3 What is Drew Barrymore 's middle name ?
1 names of publication by james a. michener set in the following locations ?
5 how many claws has a shellfish called a pistol lost ?
4 what kenyan municipality is the safari center for east africa ?
1 what is dudley do-right 's horse 's name ?
4 what asian gulf were the destroyer maddox and c turner joy shot up in ?
4 where did guinea swine originate ?
4 what nation is the origin of the band the creeps ?
1 what flavorer do the dutch dip their french fries in ?
3 Name the fast food chain with the golden arches .
3 who gave abbie hoffman his first dose of lsd ?
4 What is the highest waterfall in the United States ?
0 why do some clothing labels say `` use a nonchlorine white '' ?
3 what group was formed in 1969 after police met resistance from patron at the stonewall , a greenwich village gay bar ?
4 What four U.S. states have active volcanoes ?
0 what is a bone ?
0 why do n't you guys have some sort of contest where you ask a question and whoever finds the answers wins a gift ?
4 what are the largest deserts in the natural object ?
1 What drink is made up of rum , coconut milk and pineapple ?
0 what are the short- and long-condition effects of underage drinking ?
3 when not adventuring on rann , what does adam strange call his occupational group ?
0 how do they find or choose perceiver to an execution ?
3 what are the top 10 colleges in the united states in the field of technology ?
3 what singer 's hit song inspired the dolly parton stallone product rhinestone ?
0 what is the difference between new york-manner and chicago-manner pizza ?
0 what is the classic definition of tragic leader ?
4 what two political unit fought the hundred years ' war ?
1 what song did patti page set multitude dancing to in 1950 ?
1 name a golf education in myrtle beach .
0 what nuclear process takes point in an h-bomb ?
4 Where did Honecker rule ?
4 what country 's people are the top television watcher ?
1 what character of their attire were `` pothooks '' to cowboys of the old west ?
1 what was the first tv collection to include a remote control ?
3 Which Doonesbury character was likely to turn into a werewolf ?
1 what are common know-how used to regulate monopolies ?
1 What 's the name of the tiger that advertises for Frosted Flakes cereal ?
4 what nation has been called the queen of the antilles ?
0 what is the quality between terry cloth and french terry ?
4 what direction do most baseball sales talkers sales talk toward ?
1 what fast food is prepared with a `` secret blend of 11 herbs and spice ? ''
0 what is aim-oriented design ?
1 what operating system do ibm-compatible device use ?
4 what south american city has the worldly concern 's highest commercial landing field ?
0 what is the beginning of gametophytic tissue ?
1 which heavier-than-air craft did fawaz younis hijack ?
3 what king is satirized in the line : `` the king was in the office , counting all his money '' ?
5 how many group in tucson ?
3 who wrote the red badge of courage ?
3 what toy company is the natural object 's no.1 maker of female apparel ?
3 what former african leader held his political unit 's boxing title for nine years ?
1 which dipterous insect 's bite draws blood , dt nn cc dt nn .
0 what is the point of thank you notes ?
3 What did the Seven Dwarfs do for a living ?
4 what are the five richest countries in the worldly concern ?
5 how many pin are used in skittles ?
4 Where on the Internet can I get information about the Fifth Amendment on the American Bill of Rights ?
3 whose singing sound was dubbed in for natalie wood in west side story and audrey hepburn in my fair lady ?
0 what is interlata internet work ?
4 what two japanese cities are spelled with the letter k , o , o , t and y ?
4 where can i find message on the narragansett indians and other tribes in rhode island ?
1 what shakespeare play opens with the course : `` now is the winter of our discontent.. . '' ?
3 what 2th-century american poet wrote a four-volume history of abraham lincoln ?
0 How do you make a paintball ?
3 what was the real name of communicator ross macdonald , creator of the hero lew archer ?
0 Why are sometimes your hands cold , but the rest of you isn 't ?
5 The Shea & Gould law firm had an office in L.A. for how many years ?
0 what personality attribute are capricorns said to have ?
5 what 's the proportion of children aged two through eleven who watch ` 'the simpsons ' ?
3 who sued the dannon yougurt company for using a fictional character named ron raider for promotion ?
3 who created the world wide web , www ?
1 which type of submersible was bought recently by south korea ?
1 what is the formula to calculate transcendental number ?
3 What cable network bills itself as `` the family entertainer '' ?
3 What college football team did Knute Rockne build into a power ?
1 what is a concern of shadows ?
3 whapyrimidine famous coach said `` if you can 'pyrimidine beapyrimidine 'em in pyrimidinehe alley , you can 'pyrimidine beapyrimidine 'em on pyrimidinehe ice '' ?
5 how many home runs did babe ruth hit in his time period ?
3 Who was chairman of the Senate select committee that tried to get to the bottom of Watergate ?
3 what television network flogged its sports programming on inga nielsen 's natural object in 197 ?
2 what do the letters zip stand for in the phrase `` zip code '' ?
5 what are the act that fit into fermont 's last theorem ?
3 What comedian was The Perfect Fool ?
3 name 11 famous martyrs .
3 who invented court game ?
3 Who was the first black golfer to tee off in the Masters ?
1 what tv show chronicled the being of katy holstrum and congressman glen morley ?
5 How big is the Electoral College ?
5 How old is the sun ?
4 where did the maya multitude live ?
4 What U.S. city is The Queen of the Pacific ?
0 why do recipe publication recommend starting with cold water when you boil something ?
3 who was considered to be the father of science ?
0 how do i start a savings bank ?
3 Which college did Dikembe Mutombo attend ?
5 how many consecutive ball game games did lou gehrig play ?
4 what nation are godiva chocolates from ?
5 how many elevator do you ride to reach the top floor of the empire state building ?
2 what does the word laser mean ?
3 name the five positions who are in the line of temporal arrangement to the presidency .
1 what 's a `` drinker respirator '' better known as ?
1 what was the name of the orca that died of a fungal ill health ?
1 what did san francisco 's milt harper grow that measured 24 inches from end to end in 1974 ?
3 Who domesticated the wild turkey ?
3 who invented the duplicator machine ?
1 what gaming devices were dubbed `` mississippi marble '' and `` memphis dominoes '' ?
3 what was the adult 's name who was killed in a duel with aaron burr ?
0 What 's the Red Planet ?
3 what spy writer served as moscow correspondent for reuter and the times of london ?
1 What is the greatest source of `` white '' magic in the Marvel Universe ?
3 What store claims to be the world 's largest department store ?
1 what building complex has the largest seed ?
5 what 's the percentage of children aged two through eleven United Nations agency watch ` 'the simpsons ' ?
1 what invention does the principle of improvement of energy make impossible ?
3 who created the monster in mary shelley 's novel frankenstein ?
3 What major Victorian novelist spent as much time working for the post office as he did writing ?
0 How can I find out my biorhythm ?
1 what card lawsuit originally represented the peasant class ?
3 what democratic prankster waved the train out of the post while richard nixon spoke from the caboose ?
3 who 's the only man to have won the olympic decathlon twice ?
1 what 's the condition for an organism that lives on or in another ?
5 How tall was the animated Frankenstein
3 who was the second valet to walk on the moon ?
5 how many linear unit of veins are in the circulatory system ?
4 What is the U.S. location of Procter & Gamble corporate offices ?
4 where can i get information and applied mathematics on countries and nations ?
5 what is the approximate weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black trap ?
0 what are tannin ?
1 What animal dined on bread and oysters with a carpenter ?
5 how much is clara peller being paid by wendy 's to say `` where 's the gripe '' ?
3 What diamond producer controls about 80% of the world 's diamonds ?
5 what 's men 's par on a 455-yard outdoor game hole ?
1 what english word has the most letter ?
1 what is a fear of attraction ?
5 how much physical phenomenon is released when oxygen and hydrogen mix ?
4 in what relation of africa is mozambique located ?
4 what european das kapital celebrated its 2 , 000th anniversary in 1951 ?
4 What sea surrounds the Cayman Islands ?
4 Which is the wealthiest country in the world ?
1 what fowl grabs the limelight after the chinese year of the monkey ?
3 who established a viking colony in greenland about 985 ?
0 what happens when a natural object part falls asleep ?
4 Where is the location of the Orange Bowl ?
0 What is the origin of infinity ?
3 who is mia farrow 's mother ?
4 where can i get information concerning child custody file for the state of utah ?
5 How much do drugs to treat tuberculosis cost ?
0 what is the recommended daily duty for folic acid for pregnant women ?
0 why do they sterilize the needle for lethal insertion ?
3 who was the founding associate of the pink floyd band ?
0 how did the 7th inning expanse get started ?
0 What is Head Start ?
1 what does an irate cable car owner call iron oxide ?
1 What are some ways to help someone with Chicken Pox ?
1 What is the longest English word ?
1 what did martin luther post on the church movable barrier at wittenberg ?
3 who was the prophet of the muslim people ?
5 How long does it take for Spider-Man 's web to evaporate ?
3 what performer came to dinner in guess who 's coming to dinner ?
0 how do i get a complete list of all the multitude that are living with the last name kilvington ?
0 why do multitude in the upper peninsula of michagin say `` eh ? '' ?
3 Name the company that used the line , `` Even your best friend won 't tell you '' in its ad ?
4 in sinclair lewis ' `` main street , '' what was the name of the typical american township ?
3 What daughter of Henry VIII and Anne Boleyn became queen of England ?
1 what is the language unit of the jewish alphabet ?
5 how many inches over six vertebrate foot is tom selleck ?
4 what asian country has a bill of rights for bovine ?
0 what collection does the color pink denote in the trivial pursuit baby boomer edition ?
0 What is a firewall ?
3 name the poet of the poem which begins : i do not know much about deitys ; but i think that the river is a strong brown deity-sullen , and untamed ?
1 what ability has the silkworm moth lost through adaptation ?
5 how many furlongs are there in a nautical mile-and-a-quarter recetrack ?
0 What is probability theory ?
3 who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a internal organ ?
5 in what time period was the cannon invented ?
5 What was the average life expectancy during the Stone Age ?
0 what causes respiratory disease ?
0 why are sometimes your guardianship cold , but the rest of you isn 't ?
1 what kind of department of education would you need to become an athletic trainer for the nfl ?
4 What country 's northernmost city is Darwin ?
4 What 's the farthest planet from the sun ?
0 how can i find a database of celebrities ' real names ?
0 What was Al Capone finally imprisoned for , in 1931 ?
5 how many degrees cooler is the inside of a melon than the air outside ?
5 When was the Triangle Shirtwaist fire ?
1 what are some science fair project for 8th graders ?
5 what number of american soldier remain unaccounted from the vietnam war ?
3 what comedian has a legendary reputation for stealing joke ?
5 how many time period a day should you take a prescription marked `` q.i.d . '' ?
1 what are the most common element in the earth 's crust ?
5 how many contestant did puerto rico enter in the 1984 winter olympics ?
3 what abstraction asked the musical question do you believe in magic ?
1 what 's the language unit of the tampa newspaper ?
1 what is the most expensive car in the natural object ?
1 what is the language unit of the medical condition in which a baby is born without a brain ?
5 how many quarts of whole milk is needed to make one avoirdupois unit of butter ?
5 where does the u.s. rank among world political unit in area ?
3 what actress holds the evidence for the most appearances on the cover of life ?
3 which police department made the largest cocaine capture ever in ventura county ?
4 what are the five most expensive cities in the natural object ?
1 what course of luggage is named after a famous american flier ?
1 Which medium is Hamblen the first singing cowboy in ?
0 What is the history of Hot Wheels cars , and how are they produced ?
1 what was the language unit of the ball game played by the mayans ?
1 what is a fear of robber ?
5 what seven digits follow the area code in the act for long distance information ?
1 What are pushed and coupled in hump yards ?
4 where can i find a tilt of `` classic '' books 5th and 6th graders should read ?
5 how many reproductive organ does a female goat sport ?
1 what was john f. kennedy 's 1960 race song ?
5 How many flavors of ice cream does Howard Johnson 's have ?
1 what musical performance card symbolizes death ?
5 How many more weeks of winter are there if a ground hog sees his shadow ?
1 What disease is the second-biggest killer of North Americans ?
3 what contact sport coach 's story was told in the movie run to daylight ?
1 what is the legal blood alcohol extent for the state of california ?
0 what is the explanation of `` chancery '' file in real estate ?
3 who is the president of the united states of the spanish government ?
3 What lawyer won the largest divorce settlement , $85 million , in U.S. history for Sheika Dena Al-Farri ?
5 how many juvenile does ray davies of the kinks have ?
3 who was the charlie perfume adult ?
3 what card company sells christmas artifact ?
1 what english word has the most culture ?
5 how far do you have to run if you hit a home plate run ?
5 how much money does each player get at the happening of the game in monopoly ?
0 What is prepared mustard ?
0 what is product noir ?
1 in beetle bailey , can you name sarge 's pawl ?
3 who earns their money the hard property ?
5 how many trees go into paper making in a time period ?
0 What is the theory of equivalence states ?
3 who said : `` soldiers win the battles and generals get the approval '' ?
5 what 's the american dollar equivalent for 8 egyptian pound in the u.k. ?
2 What do the letters ZIP stand for in the phrase `` ZIP code '' ?
5 how much fourth dimension does the blinking of an eye take ?
1 What became the biggest cash crop in the U.S. in 1983 , surpassing corn ?
3 what army 's motto is blood and fire ?
3 What American actress was the first to be called a `` vamp '' ?
4 what relation of britain comprises the highlands , central lowlands , and southern uplands ?
5 How many languages does the Pope speak ?
3 what doctor is synonymous with vertebrate footwear and vertebrate foot care ?
5 Approximately how much does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ?
0 What are amaretto biscuits ?
1 what is the folklore story regarding bird ' nests and bird in christmas trees ?
3 who did jackie kennedy commission to write the death of a president ?
4 what french seaport claim to be the home of wines ?
0 what are the major deviation in the catholic and methodist religions ?
0 what is the origin of the proverb `` a sewing in time saves nine '' ?
1 what leoncavallo opera features a prologue by a fool ?
4 where is the biggest chime ?
1 what baseball outcome required nine musket ball in 1879 , eight musket ball in 1880 and seven musket ball in 1881 ?
3 who started the dominos pizza chain ?
1 In what book can I find the story of Aladdin ?
3 who played the title role in i was a teenage werewolf ?
4 what is the assets of italy ?
1 in which tennessee williams play is one of the characters killed and devoured by a mob of starving juvenile ?
0 how did water appear on the terrestrial planet ?
4 what country boasts the most cable car per mile of road ?
1 what is a emotion of passing high objects ?
3 who portrayed portly criminologist carl hyatt on checkmate ?
0 how does the chain of command employment inside an us army apache helicopter ?
1 What do sailors use to measure time ?
1 what drink is the best hunger-quencher ?
3 what presidential press secretary dismissed watergate as a third-rate burglary attack ?
0 what is the beginning of the word `` amen '' ?
5 What percentage of the silver production is done by independent silversmiths ?
1 what do you call a poker hand with five card game of the same suit ?
5 When is Boxing Day ?
3 what argentine boxer was shot dead outside a nevada building in may ?
1 what significant military action was fought in belgium in 1815 ?
4 what nation is the biggest producer of tungsten ?
3 who shot billy the kid ?
1 what rum is so `` mixable '' it is a one-brand room ?
0 what are lymphatic tissue for ?
3 who portrayed `` the man without a face '' in the product of the same name ?
1 What drink contains as many types of rum as possible ?
0 what is commonly considered the fifth common sense ?
3 who does data collection in tourism ?
1 what coloring material are seven of every 10 houses in the u.s. ?
1 what are the different approaches of systems investigation ?
1 what 's the favorite food of dragonfly ?
1 what is a fear of illness ?
4 What are the seven seas ?
3 What British commander surrendered to George Washington at Yorktown in 1781 ?
3 who used to make cars with rotary engines ?
1 what is the term for someone United Nations agency hates mankind ?
3 what painter popularized soup cans and brillo cleansing agent pad boxes ?
0 why do physical phenomenon cookers save time in the kitchen ?
0 what is the historical relationship of catholic church and lotto ?
3 Who is behind the name of the Harvey Wallbanger drink ?
0 what are field effect semiconductor device ?
0 what caused the end of bob marley ?
3 what nobel laureate was expelled from the philippines before the league on east timor ?
5 how many hostages were killed in the entebbe penetration ?
5 how many more weeks of winter are there if a ground selfish person sees his shadow ?
4 what is the name of the highest natural elevation in africa ?
1 What did Englishman John Hawkins begin selling to New World colonists in 1562 ?
1 what tv show premiered on january 15 , 1981 ?
3 who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
5 what time of class do most people fly ?
3 what kind of organization is ` last chance for animals ' ?
1 what food complemented sweet potatoes and peas in the first tv dinner ?
0 why were multitude recruited for the vietnam war ?
3 what two presidents of the u.s. published script of poetry ?
1 what sport do you shag space in ?
0 what causes pestilence sores in the mouth ?
0 what is the beginning of the word `` mushroom '' ?
5 how many different vegetation zone are there ?
1 what letter appears on the cold-water pat in spain ?
1 what first-care product `` helps the hurt stop hurting '' ?
1 What piece of jewelry is pictured on Monopoly 's Luxury Tax space ?
0 what is the history of `` the goner '' ?
1 what cartridge holder gives us the cream , not the skim ?
5 how long is the world 's largest ship , in metric linear unit ?
3 who was the first american world chess supporter ?
1 What is the predominant color of the Tab label ?
4 what land group is guadalcanal a part of ?
1 what is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as : involuntary movement , tics , swearing , and incoherent vocalizations , grunts , shouts , etc. ?
3 who portrayed the title character in the film the day of the jackal ?
4 what country was mikhail gorbachev the drawing card of ?
1 what character of currency is used in china ?
5 how many fourth dimension larger than life size is the statue of liberty ?
3 who was the architect of central park ?
0 what is meant by blood sed magnitude relation ?
3 what evidence company was formed by herb alpert and jerry moss ?
4 Where is Procter & Gamble based in the U.S. ?
3 who is the richest person in the world , without owning a business ?
5 what 's work force 's par on a 455-yard golf hole ?
0 why is the language unit `` abbreviation '' so long ?
1 What meter did Shakespeare use in writing : `` To be , or not to be , that is the question.. . '' ?
1 what are two plants that apparel are made from ?
3 Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?
4 where can i find a tape or publication to help me say , write and understand japanese ?
3 Who did the Seven Mules block for ?
1 what 's a male wiccan called ?
3 what are the four line in monopoly ?
5 cnn 's first message occurred on what date ?
4 where is the official `` zero '' of the ocean level ?
1 what is a fear of crystals or looking glass ?
1 what was paper made of in the late 16th time period ?
2 what does the `` c '' stand for in the mathematical statement e=mc2 ?
0 why does a woman have to be a virgin to be a religious ?
0 What is infomatics ?
1 What series of trials followed World War II ?
4 what batch range marks the border of france and spain ?
3 what mystery writer penned `` ...the aura that was greece , and the grandeur that was rome '' ?
5 how many rows of whiskers does a cat-o'-nine-tails have ?
3 what well-known actor is the parent of star alan alda ?
1 What is a technique popularly used to detect birth defects ?
3 what hungarian cardinal was first a administrative district prisoner and then a refugee in the u.s. embassy 1956-1971 ?
4 What country was Sir Edmund Hillary born in ?
1 what plant is liquor made from ?
0 What is the origin of gametophytic tissue ?
1 what activity does garry kasparov play ?
1 what are the five basic water sport strokes ?
0 what is the origin of the ethnic category `` person '' ?
5 what 's men 's par on a 455-yard golf trap ?
0 what is a honor hole ?
1 What kind of animals are Dorsets , Lincolns , Oxfords and Southdowns ?
4 Where is Trinidad ?
1 what software offers creator use of cad-like design ?
5 how many bends are there in a standard newspaper clip ?
3 who is the father of the machine ?
3 what are the names of jack 's original friend on three 's company ?
0 how did water appear on the ground ?
0 how can causal agent become a federal agent ?
1 what was the first tv stage set to include a remote control ?
0 what were the three prophecies the wiccan make to macbeth ?
3 what are the major institution that are part of dow jones ?
0 what is the quality between microprocessors & microcontrollers ?
5 What is the estimated total U.S. whitetail deer population ?
3 what is the name of the pop singer whose song became the subject song for a brand of catsup ?
5 What year was the first automobile manufactured ?
1 which two intersection use a tiger as their symbol ?
3 who said of super bowl iii in 1969 : `` we 'll win- i guarantee it '' ?
1 what is a concern of ruin ?
5 what seven integer follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
0 how is digital auditory communication used ?
1 what soft helping would provide me with the biggest intake of caffeine ?
3 what communicator was appointed u.s. ambassador to spain in 1842 ?
3 What was the name of the first Watergate special prosecutor , later fired by Nixon ?
5 how many years did shea & gould practice collection in los angeles ?
1 what gaming devices were dubbed `` mississippi child's game '' and `` memphis dominoes '' ?
1 what 's a male occultist called ?
0 how do i link a link ?
5 what 's the maximum duration , in inches , of a first baseman 's glove ?
1 What instrument does Benny Carter play ?
3 who 's the twin brother of the greek goddess artemis ?
1 what wheel did blaise pascal invent in a search for perpetual visual communication ?
3 what u.s. frailty-president once declared : `` if you 've seen one slum , you 've seen them all '' ?
4 what municipality is sometimes called the athens of switzerland ?
5 What year did Germany sign its nonaggression pact with the Soviet Union ?
0 what is the quality between pop music and rock and roll ?
3 who recorded the 1957 hit tammy ?
1 what 's the most popular four-actor game of all time ?
5 how many linear unit is it to ohio from north carolina ?
0 what is difference between a poster and a written communication ?
3 what painter popularized dish cans and brillo soap pad boxes ?
0 what are the cause leading to the high teen pregnancy rate in spartanburg , south carolina ?
1 which leg does a cat move with its left front leg when walking - its left back or right back leg ?
0 how do i install a tile horizontal surface ?
3 what title does comedian henry youngman title ?
3 Who wrote `` The Scarlet Letter '' ?
1 what is the main communication of sao paulo , brazil ?
1 what is the second hardest meaning ?
4 what body of water did the romans call mare nostrum ?
0 why are peanut butter cookie topped with crisscrosses ?
1 What type is a snail ?
1 what j.r.r. tolkien script features bilbo baggins as the central character ?
3 what explorer was nicknamed iberia 's pilot ?
0 How do I get a complete list of all the people that are living with the last name Kilvington ?
5 How many days does a typical mayfly live ?
0 What is an aurora ?
1 what is the name of the michelangelo painting that shows two guardianship with fingers touching ?
3 who were the four famous inflammation of united artists ?
4 what country has the most case zones , with 11 ?
1 what activity is garry kasparov really good at ?
5 When was the Bill of Rights ratified ?
4 where does buzz aldrin want to build a permanent , manned quad station ?
3 who claims to have the greatest appearance on earth ?
0 How do you become a dentist ?
4 what continent 's name appears on the upper left recess of a budweiser label ?
5 What is the population of the largest Chilean city
0 give a reason for american indians oftentimes dropping out of educational institution .
4 what is the address of the famous mexican celestial body `` thalia '' ?
3 who shoplifts ?
0 how do you stop junk snail chain mail ?
1 What song served as the closing theme of The Johnny Cash Show ?
5 what is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 group will have the same birthday ?
1 what 's the southern dish made of pigs ' small intestine ?
3 what is the name of actor rex harrison 's son , world health organization starred in a modestly popular tv show during the late 1960's ?
3 who is robin williams ?
0 How does Cos Cob , CT get its name ?
1 what european race sees the winner of its natural elevation stage awarded a jersey with large red polka dots ?
3 who sang the song `` hooked on a feeling '' in the dancing child episode of `` ally mcbeal '' ?
0 what did mighty mouse always sing as he went into act ?
1 what diversion features snatches and clean jerks ?
5 how high must a batch be to be called a batch ?
3 who invented silly putty ?
3 what athlete makes the most money from diversion merchandise sales ?
1 At Christmas time , what is the traditional thing to do under the mistletoe ?
0 what is ` last chance for animals ' ?
1 what was the name of aristotle onassis 's vessel ?
1 what was the distinguishing evaluation on the `` little rascals '' dog ?
1 what chocolate bar created by frank mars and his spouse is often called a milky way with peanuts ?
5 how many fourth dimension more than 3
3 What is a person called that likes fire ?
1 what letter adorns the iris of rwanda ?
1 what are the material used in glowsticks ?
1 what 's the name of the tiger that advertises for frosted flakes grass ?
3 what is an example of a famous rock isthmus from the sixties ?
1 what is the most commonly used 1 letter word in the english communication ?
3 who portrayed etta place , companion to butch cassidey and the sundance kid ?
5 independent ash greysmith 's account for what percentage of ash grey production ?
3 Which is the only Dick Tracy villain to appear three times ?
4 what scandinavian capital is built on nine structure-connected islands ?
3 who stopped making diary entries on may 31 , 1669 , because he thought he was going blind ?
1 what does an ashen-faced eidologist activity out the existence of ?
4 Kosovo is a province of what country ?
3 What mystery writer penned `` ...the glory that was Greece , and the grandeur that was Rome '' ?
0 what is the validation that houseplants metabolize carcinogens ?
5 How many species of sharks are there ?
3 who patented the first phonograph ?
1 what international amateur sports sight was first telecast in 1956 ?
1 what kind of creatures are black , yellow , and brown sculpin ?
5 how many insect bees reign in a hive ?
1 what five cards make up a perfect cribbage hand ?
5 how many group died in the vietnam war ?
5 how many rings are there on a five-zone sport target ?
1 what tv game show once saw a contestant admit to picking his toes in the shower ?
5 how many pitchers occupy the shelf beside the crouching womanhood in edgar degas 's 1886 painting the tub ?
5 how many poet make a kilowatt ?
0 how does ultraviolet light damage the dna of skin cell ?
1 what is the best name for a laptop computer ?
5 how many oligochaete are in a single pasture ?
0 what is the quality of snow and how is the formation of snow different from that of ice ?
1 what do cook call the master spice ?
5 how many characters are in the chinese rudiment ?
5 what is the opportunity of conceiving quadruplets ?
1 what do you call a group of goose ?
1 which infectious illness kills the most people worldwide ?
3 What was Michelangelo 's last name ?
3 What hard-of hearing artist painted Sunflowers ?
4 what do most tourist visit in reims ?
0 How do you dunk ?
0 How can I find out how much income tax is paid on Social Security income on the 1998 income tax ?
4 what is california 's assets ?
2 what is the correct way to abbreviate metric capacity unit. at the bottom of a business letter ?
1 What is another word for diet ?
5 what is the pig people of the world ?
5 When was Queen Victoria born ?
1 which two products use a person as their symbol ?
1 what class of organism makes up more than two-thirds of known species ?
1 What is `` the taste that beats the others cold '' ?
1 what whiskey is `` known by the company it keeps '' ?
3 who wrote ` hamlet ' ?
1 what are some science fair work for 8th graders ?
1 what common plant has a button , cap , container , gills , and ring ?
4 What New England state covers 5.9 square miles ?
3 who kept the most famous diary in the english language ?
1 what commodity did robert conrad dare people to knock off his shoulder ?
0 what should you yell to hail a car in madrid ?
5 how big is a normal size erectile organ for a 15-year-old ?
1 What color , s , appear on boxes of Kodak film ?
5 how many millimetric weight units are in a metric weight unit ?
5 How many calories are in a tomato ?
4 what political unit have the best math students ?
0 How did the tradition of best man start ?
3 who was the king who was forced to agree to the magna carta ?
5 how long does it take for your blood to make one complete slip through the body ?
1 what was the eighth sidereal day following the nones in each month of the roman calendar called ?
0 what were the three prediction the witches make to macbeth ?
1 what document adorns the flag of rwanda ?
3 who is the superstar in economic rent-a-cars ?
1 What color of dry wine should be served with veal roasts and chops ?
0 what ball game expression came from the nautical term for ships sailing between the atlantic and pacific before the panama canal ?
5 What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?
1 What were the ceremony traditions like during the Elizabethian times ?
0 how can i easily remove red wine spyrimidineains from pyrimidine-shirpyrimidines ?
5 What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?
0 what is the origin of the typing practice sentence `` now is the time for all good men to come to the care of their country '' ?
3 what u.s. president had brothers-in-law in the confederate united states army ?
5 what time period were you born in if your birthstone is sardonyx ?
1 What movie told of Anna Anderson 's claim to be a Russian czar 's daughter ?
5 When did Mount St. Helens last erupt ?
3 who invented the road dealings cone ?
5 what day of the week sees the most fatal motor vehicle accidents ?
1 what developed a crevice in 1835 while tolling the death of u.s. chief justice john marshall ?
4 what is the seafaring name for the southern end of south america ?
5 what is the current ticket agenda from from cairo to barbados ?
1 what shampoo prevents skin disease , seborrhea , and psoriasis ?
5 how many varieties of gemini are there ?
3 name a female human body skater .
1 what three flag are on the french flag ?
1 what product `` doubles your feeling , doubles your fun '' ?
3 who claims to have the greatest show on ground ?
1 what is a concern of crystals or glass ?
5 how much can a person be fined for having a dog on a geological formation ?
1 what is the name of the song that dracula plays on the harmonium ?
1 what european race sees the winner of its mountain stage awarded a jersey with large red dance music dots ?
5 what are bottle caps with presidents ' movie inside worth ?
1 What Caribbean cult did Marcus Garvey originate ?
0 how can i transport files from one machine to another ?
4 What United States city produces the most oil ?
1 what fast food is prepared with a `` secret mix of 11 herbs and spices ? ''
3 what diminutive american female gymnast stole the entertainment at the 1984 olympics ?
4 What state does Martha Stewart live in ?
5 what is the gestation period for human pregnancy ?
0 why doesn 'pyrimidine www.answers.com have any answers pyrimidineo my quespyrimidineions ?
0 what is the origin of the term `` bison wings '' that is used as a menu item in bars across the nation for chicken wings in a spicey sauce ?
0 how do you get silly putty out of artifact ?
4 Where is the official `` zero '' of the sea level ?
3 who was the most famous food editor of the new york times ?
3 who created billy pilgrim , a survivor of the dresden firestorm ?
3 what enigmatic u.s. vice president was once tried and acquitted for treachery in a plot to set up his own independent empire in the west ?
0 what function does a community 's water structure serve ?
1 what soap was touted as being `` for people world health organization like people '' ?
0 how does a small businessperson contact the good humor ice cream company to do business with them ?
0 What was archy , and mehitabel ?
3 world health organization is the french literary charcter world health organization is chiefly famous for his enormous nose ?
4 what famed london criminal court was once a feudal palace ?
0 what are the seven virtue ?
0 what is the origin of the discussion `` teddy bear '' ?
0 how do you get silly putty out of framework ?
3 who delivered his last newscast on march 6 , 1981 ?
0 What does seccession mean ?
0 what causes a person to have constantly sweaty hands and vertebrate foot ?
3 what famous hypothesis was married to billy joel ?
1 what product 's ads claim that it `` eliminates property , kills household germs , mold , and mildew '' ?
0 why does sound travel quicker through water than gas ?
0 how do i impress a man ?
1 What game do Steve McQueen and Edward G. Robinson play in The Cincinnati Kid ?
1 What are some of Australia 's native flora ?
3 what company tabulates the ballot in voting for the academy awards ?
3 what polynesian group inhabit new zealand ?
3 who was chairman of the senate select committee that tried to get to the side of watergate ?
1 What does a collier mine ?
3 what kind of organization is ` last chance for animals ' ?
4 Where does Ray Bradbury 's Chronicles take place ?
3 what female painter produced primitive of rural new england life ?
1 what are the top vegetable crops in the worldly concern ?
1 In what Olympic Games did Nadia Comaneci become popular ?
1 what is the procedure called for drilling a hole in your skull to acheive a higher cognitive state ?
5 How many South American countries have the letter Z in their names ?
0 What are faults in the earth 's crust ?
3 Who is the worst US President ever ?
3 what civil war general wreaked havoc on the south by marching through georgia on his manner to the sea ?
4 what are the three most populated countries in the natural object ?
4 what south american capital is the natural object 's highest ?
0 What are the Low Countries ?
3 whom did friz freleng add to the warner bros. wit ranks ?
1 What was Mae West 's last film ?
0 how is saline solution used in medicine ?
3 what jockey won 17 triple crown race ?
3 what 's the language unit of popeye 's adopted son ?
3 who invented batteries ?
5 When is Dick Clark 's birthday ?
0 why is the moonlight different sizes and colors ?
1 What sport features snatches and clean jerks ?
3 what is the name of the company that manufactures the `` american girl '' doll solicitation ?
2 what is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner ratio ?
5 how many hummingbird egg could fit in one ostrich egg ?
5 the olympic games in which class allowed nadia comaneci to become popular ?
3 what doctor is synonymous with animal footwear and animal foot care ?
4 what is the das kapital of italy ?
4 what political unit is kosovo a part of ?
0 how can i call a friend in another country when i do not know the telephone act ?
3 who 's the lead singer of the led zeppelin band ?
0 what is swap science ?
1 what film had bette davis creating a scandal by wearing a daring red nightgown to a society ball ?
5 what time period did the united states pass the copyright law ?
3 what is the language unit of a greek god ?
1 what 's the international radio code discussion for the letter b ?
1 what daily press will `` help you see clearer across the usa '' ?
5 How much did Lucy Van Pelt originally charge for psychiatric sessions ?
4 what are all the southern state of matter of the u.s. ?
1 what is the word for love of annoyance or abuse ?
0 what did mighty mouse always sing as he went into military action ?
0 why do n't you man have some sort of contest where you ask a question and whoever finds the answers wins a prize ?
3 What 's the most common surname in America ?
4 What country would you visit to ski in the Dolomites ?
0 what is the vdrl examination of blood ?
4 what are the ten safest american city for pedestrians ?
3 what is the full name of the man who invented the multicolored game cube that has 42.3 quintillion potential collection ?
2 What does NAFTA stand for ?
3 what soviet drawing card owned a rolls-royce ?
4 Where is the Valley of the Kings ?
5 in what class was actress joan collins born ?
4 What two countries ' coastlines border the Bay of Biscay ?
3 what title did shevardnadze have during the soviet time period ?
4 What island was the target of the U.S. 's Operation Urgent Fury ?
3 who earns their money the hard way ?
5 what is the average hour per months spent online by aol users ?
1 what is the name of the medical condition in which a baby is born without a genius ?
4 what political unit are you in if you woo in the wu dialect ?
5 What is the size of the largest akita ?
1 What drug did Sigmund Freud become fascinated with while experimenting with the treatment of neurasthenia ?
3 name of the powerful white merchant in conrad 's `` heart of darkness '' ?
1 What 's a male witch called ?
1 what is the biggest `` situation '' humans have made ?
4 what municipality is graced by the arch of titus ?
4 Where can I get information and statistics on countries and nations ?
0 Why are the rooftops in Canada green ?
1 What is a fear of hell ?
0 how can i call a friend in another country when i do not know the telephone amount ?
0 what is the differentiation of erle stanley gardner 's the case of the terrified typist ?
1 what baseball consequence required nine balls in 1879 , eight balls in 1880 and seven balls in 1881 ?
1 at christmas case , what is the traditional thing to do under the mistletoe ?
5 how many months does it take the moonlight to revolve around the earth ?
3 what is the name of actor rex harrison 's son , who starred in a modestly popular tv entertainment during the late 1960's ?
1 what irwin allen bomb has richard widmark saying he 'll be `` the first officer in history to get his stock kicked by a mess of bugs ! '' ?
3 Who was the star of the 1965 Broadway hit Golden Boy ?
1 what does the policeman become in the canadian version of monopoly ?
3 Which classical Spanish writer said `` All that glitters is not gold '' ?
2 what do the letters zip stand for in the phrase `` zip code '' ?
1 which of many numbered vats of scotch was judged best by a jury of experts in 1863 ?
3 what was the infamous name of peter sutcliffe ?
0 what are perfect tense ?
3 what army 's motto is blood and fire ?
1 what category of sport is often associated with hooligans ?
3 who built the first pyramid ?
5 how many muscles does the average adult activity when going for a walk ?
1 what substance did joseph priestley name for its quality to erase pencil marks ?
1 What civil war was fought between 1936 and 1939 ?
5 When did Israel begin turning the Gaza Strip and Jericho over to the PLO ?
0 how does ultraviolet light damage the dna of hide cells ?
3 what honeymooners actress did television magazine name as 1953 's most promising celestial body ?
3 what author of the days of our lives cookbook signed on in 198 as liz chandler in tv 's days of our lives ?
3 what longtime game show adult dropped dead while jogging in central park in 1984 ?
1 what 's the slowest olympic swimming accident ?
5 How many children under 18 are victims of some sort of Physical Abuse each year ?
3 who was monet ?
3 which police division made the all-time biggest cocaine bust in ventura county ?
0 how do i log on to home plate page at headquarters u.s. european command ?
0 what effect do nitrates have on the environment ?
1 What is the most advanced handheld calculator in the world ?
1 what commodity 's insufficiency was the largest single factor in keeping north american cars off the roads during world war ii ?
1 what was the name of the comedy that alyssa milano starred in with tony danza ?
3 what is the most common boy 's or girlfriend 's name ?
3 What U.S. President showed a fondness for munching on bee pollen bars ?
3 What comic of TV 's golden age went by the motto `` Anything for a laugh '' ?
0 why do magnet attract ?
1 what category of poisoning is known as plumbism ?
3 who lived on the shore of the gitchee gumee river ?
0 How do microwaves work ?
3 whose acceptance address of more than 3 minutes prompted a time limit on academy award thank-yous ?
0 what is the meaning of w.b. yeat 's literary composition , `` the three hermits ? ''
1 which soft helping does madonna advertise for ?
3 what actor learned to play the saxophone and speak russian for a character in a movie ?
0 What does Choo Choo Charlie say ?
1 what 's the shape of a camel 's spinal column ?
3 name the social group that is presided by a security council .
1 What were the five opening words on Ben Casey ?
0 how does the fag end affect the flight of a kite ?
5 what does a containerful of matter weigh in a black hole ?
5 When was Dick Clark born ?
1 what is the folklore story regarding bird ' nests and bird in christmas trees ?
1 What Shakespeare play opens with the line : `` Now is the winter of our discontent.. . '' ?
4 what nation has the most coastline ?
0 what is the point of music ?
3 who was thucydides ?
0 what is the beginning of thank you notes ?
4 what is the u.s. location of procter & gamble corporate position ?
0 in my antonia , how is mr. shimerda out of place on the workplace ?
1 what was the killer giant who died at sea world of a fungal infection named ?
0 what good are dipterous insect ?
0 how does salt melt ice and coke ?
3 who were the five marx male sibling ?
1 What is the name of the ` female ' counterpart to El Nino , which results in cooling temperatures and very dry weather ?
1 which type of salt has the greatest amount of caffeine ?
3 who is the founder of scientology ?
1 What was the killer whale who died at Sea World of a fungal infection named ?
1 what comic part sometimes features a mailman named beasley ?
0 what is the history of the soft beverage mr. pibb ?
3 what kind of group took part in shays ' rebellion in massachusetts in 1787 ?
4 what are some good fractal object sites ?
0 how do you make panoramic carbohydrate eggs for easter - the ones with the scene inside ?
4 what vent showers ash on sicily ?
3 who was the first president to appoint a woman to head a furniture ?
4 what is britain 's control on the chinese mainland ?
3 who said `` the only situation we have to fear is fear itself '' ?
4 what nationality were the 123 people world health organization died in the black hole of calcutta ?
1 in which tennessee williams play is one of the characters killed and devoured by a syndicate of starving children ?
5 How many zip codes are there in the U.S. ?
1 what common plant has a button , cap , cup , gill , and ring ?
0 How do I find out what cities are in a certain area code ?
1 what is the spatial property of a football as stated in the nfl rulebook ?
1 what tv show premiered on january 15 , 1981 ?
1 what sport do you shag fly in ?
0 what are value ?
5 when did fraze get his first patent for the pull-yellow journalism can ?
1 what publication did aaron hass write ?
3 Who was the first woman governor of Wyoming ?
5 how many digit are used to draw a bow ?
1 what shampoo prevents eczema , seborrhea , and skin disease ?
1 what was the language unit of robert fulton 's most famous steamboat ?
4 What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?
0 how can i get someone 's phone act if i only have their screen name ?
3 what mayor made so many tv appearances he was asked to join aftra in 1984 ?
4 In what area of the world was the Six Day War fought ?
3 which nba actor had jersey number 0 ?
5 how many syllables are there in a line of hendecasyllabic writing style ?
1 what took first prize in omni press 's contest to find the `` ultimate unanswerable question '' ?
3 what asian spiritual and political leader was married at the long time of 13 ?
0 what are the rules to `` snow outdoor game '' ?
3 what comic of tv 's golden property went by the motto `` anything for a laugh '' ?
3 who produces spumante ?
3 What comedian created a punch-drunk pugilist named Cauliflower McPugg ?
1 What is a fear of cold ?
4 What is the highest continent ?
1 what do camels store in their projection ?
3 what combatant 's life story is titled raging bull ?
5 how many region are in indiana ?
1 What newspaper serves Salt Lake City ?
3 who declared : `` i think i 'll go out and milk the deer '' ?
1 what is the legal liquid body substance alcohol limit for the state of california ?
1 what tv serial featured neal , a martini-drinking st. bernard ?
1 what diversion features slotbacks , tailbacks , and touchbacks ?
4 where can i get mail lists ?
1 what agent is often used to treat aids patients ?
0 what is in baby powder and baby lotion that makes it smell the manner it does ?
5 how big is the chappellet farm ?
1 what did the people call the four great elements ?
1 stuart hamblen is considered to be the first singing ranch hand of which medium ?
3 what beverage company gives you a one-pound kiss ?
5 when did the american civil war goal ?
3 what artifact company is the world 's no.1 maker of female apparel ?
3 what louisiana senator won a seat that had been held by his father and parent ?
3 What 's the most common nickname of U.S. college football teams ?
1 what was edward albee 's first full-length dramatic composition ?
1 what is considered the costliest disaster the insurance diligence has ever faced ?
1 what does an edentulous facial expression lack ?
5 how many american soldiers have died for their nation to date ?
3 who is stephen hawking ?
1 what was the substance of the greek gods called ?
0 What is a drought ?
5 How many varieties of twins are there ?
0 what 's the quality between tft and dual-scan display ?
1 what character of betting is used in horse racing ?
3 who provides telephone service in orange county , california ?
3 who died 1 animal foot from where john f. kennedy did ?
3 What was the name of the daughter of the Virginia chief Powhatan that married John Rolfe ?
5 what is the highest number of home score on record for any one game ?
0 how do i increase my skeletal muscle ' size ?
1 what does a man suffering from diphallic terata person ?
5 what is the protection rate of using condom ?
3 Who held the endurance record for women pilots in 1929 ?
3 what relation did john peter zenger play in the deveopment of the newspaper in america ?
1 what are some important event of the 1830 's ?
5 when did the volcano last erupt ?
3 name the five military position who are in the line of succession to the presidency .
1 what 's the literary condition for a play on words ?
1 what star-faring race brought about the inhumans on marvel 's earth ?
3 what catch-22 character is elected mayor of half a large integer italian cities ?
0 what is the ancestor of all evil ?
5 how many housing equal a pound ?
3 who is the leading contestant of trans union company ?
0 what was the claim to honor of king camp gillette ?
3 who played humpty dumpty in the 1933 film alice in wonderland ?
3 what tv comediennes 's characters include former movie star nora desmond , repository mrs. wiggins and a housewife named eunice ?
4 What are the only two states that incorporate the Confederate battle flag in their flags ?
1 in what medium is stuart hamblen considered to be the first singing ranch hand ?
5 how many shots can a stock m16 handle ?
1 what did the chinese emperor present to the english soldier gordon in realization of his services in quelling rebellions ?
4 what country claimed rubens , van dyck and bruegel as citizen ?
0 how did the time period of the year get there name ?
3 what decade cowboy star rode tony the wonder horse ?
5 in which class was the cartoon character chilly willy created ?
1 name the disposable razor that `` costs about 19 fractional monetary unit . ''
2 what does the form ioc stand for ?
3 what doctor claimed in a 1946 book : `` there is no such matter as a bad boy '' ?
4 what country was erich honecker the person of ?
1 what handicraft requires you to interlace your aberrance and weft ?
3 Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?
0 how can i determine the spoke of an ellipse ?
1 what creature is the absolute fastest in moving in the world , vertebrate , mammals , etc. , ?
5 when is president nixon 's anniversary ?
1 what was dwight eisenhower 's favorite paper game ?
5 how much folic compound should an expectant mother get daily ?
0 what is the deviation between the anus and the rectum ?
3 the lawyer United Nations agency represented randy craft , what was his name ?
3 who painted the sistine chapel ?
5 how many multitude in the usa say their number one source of information is the newspaper ?
3 what son of a 15-year-old mexican girlfriend and a half-irish father became the world 's most famous greek ?
1 what do you call a part of your finger from one joint to another ?
3 Who was the mother of the man who would not be king , the duke of Windsor ?
4 what stream flows through vienna , budapest and belgrade ?
5 how many bends are there in a standard material clip ?
4 what is the second highest natural elevation peak in the world ?
3 what singer 's hit birdcall inspired the dolly parton stallone movie rhinestone ?
3 who sued the dannon yougurt company for using a imaginary being named ron raider for promotion ?
3 Which NBA players had jersey number 0 ?
5 how many members are in the california congressional delegating ?
0 what is the origin of the language unit , magic ?
1 What gender is not allowed to vote in Kuwait ?
0 what is the definition of the term `` weapons instrumentality '' ?
0 What is sound ?
5 What 's the Fahrenheit equivalent of zero degrees centigrade ?
0 why do pressure cookers save time in the room ?
3 who was israel 's first prime minister ?
0 what are people doing to help prevent the extinction of vertebrate ?
3 which high educational institution are included in the south florida ice hockey league ?
0 what is the difference between body and graduate school ?
1 what 's an easy way to count the approximate amount of fish in a lake ?
1 what do cyprinid lose if kept in dimly-lit or running water ?
5 when do you plant season wheat ?
4 what was the largest city in the world to declare martial jurisprudence in 1989 ?
0 How can I find a list of , fax and or email , addresses for human resource departments in Massachusetts ?
5 what seven digits follow the area code in the amount for long distance information ?
4 what continent pushes up the executive committee natural elevation range ?
1 what meat complemented sweet potatoes and legume in the first tv dinner ?
5 how long was the longest sneeze attack ?
1 what visual property is the lipstick on boy george 's wax lips at london 's madame tussaud 's ?
4 what is bill gates of microsoft e-chain mail address ?
3 What company has built more than 2.5 billion little green houses since 1935 ?
4 in what state was there an 11 million gallon lipid spill ?
0 what makes sandwich taste like steakburgers ?
5 what is the normal resting intuition rate of a healthy adult ?
1 What is Mississippi 's state animal ?
0 What are the words to the song sung by `` Banana in Pajamas '' ?
4 what mountain extent marks the border of france and spain ?
5 the iraqis launched their attack on kuwait on what sidereal day ?
4 where can i find info on investigation being done on oilseeds thru genetics ?
4 what is drew barrymore 's electronic mail address ?
0 What function does a community 's water tower serve ?
1 which beatles disc binding honors the rolling stones ?
0 why do people in the upper land of michagin say `` eh ? '' ?
2 what does a&w of root beer fame point of view for ?
1 What color is the cross on Switzerland 's flag ?
1 what part of their clothing were `` pothooks '' to cowboys of the old west ?
4 where did guinea pig bed originate ?
0 what is toulmin philosophy ?
4 what room did w.c. fields keep his room in ?
4 Where does the Santa Fe Trail begin and end ?
5 what was the number of group that randy steven craft was convicted of killing ?
5 What debts did Qintex group leave ?
0 what is the gay science ?
3 what american sergeant lost both of his hands in fight during world war ii and then went on to act in a single movie for which he won two oscars ?
1 what book opens : `` at a certain community in la mancha , which i shall not name.. . '' ?
4 what political unit saw the origin of the asian flu ?
1 what is the longest-running television ordering ?
5 how many astronauts manned each project mercury trajectory ?
3 what two us biochemists won the nobel prize in music in 1992 ?
0 what fitness are there for individuals donating blood ?
5 what is the recommended physical property of a 15 year-old male that is 5 , 6 ?
1 what did abolitionists try to end ?
5 How many claws has a lobster called a pistol lost ?
0 what is the distinction of erle stanley gardner 's the case of the terrified typist ?
0 what category does the visual property pink denote in the trivial pursuit baby boomer edition ?
3 what president also became a supreme court judge ?
5 what is the fare cost for the round slip between new york and london on concorde ?
0 what are some interesting information and information about dogsledding ?
3 What information can you tell me about actor James Cromwell ?
0 what is a handheld pc ?
4 what building appropriately enough is depicted on the back of the 1-dollar beak ?
4 what are some good medical tract for information ?
5 how many transcript of an album must be sold for it to be a gold album ?
3 who invented the vacuum cleaner ?
5 how long ago did the anglican church character from the vatican ?
3 what non-conservative abstract painter was dubbed jack the dripper by time ?
1 what medical care attempts to elicit the `` primal scream '' ?
0 what does the theory of quantity leaps mean in simpler terms ?
5 how many `` center '' does a coconut have ?
1 what religion has the most member ?
5 When did Gothic art and architecture flourish ?
3 what ship's company has built more than 2.5 billion little green houses since 1935 ?
5 how many sonnet did shakespeare write ?
1 what is the most commonly used 1 letter word in the english terminology ?
0 how is carbon dioxide removed from natural flatulence ?
1 what 's the common language unit for acetylsalicylic acid ?
5 what is the frequency of vhf ?
1 What films featured the character Popeye Doyle ?
1 what 's the green variety of mineral called ?
4 what biome has been called the garden of allah ?
0 what routine does a community 's water tower serve ?
1 what do you get by mixing gin and wine ?
4 what is the best place to live in the world , considering climate , society ?
0 what is the origin of the language unit `` teddy bear '' ?
1 what do you call a `` spin '' in ballet ?
5 What is Dick Clark 's date of birth ?
3 who is the actress bette davis once said she wished she looked like ?
5 how many feet high is the hurdle in presence of a runner 's steeplechase water jump ?
0 how can i find a phone number of someone if i only know their electronic communication address ?
3 what polynesian multitude inhabit new zealand ?
5 what class was desmond mpilo tutu awarded the nobel peace prize ?
1 what four forms does amber occur in ?
1 what do beetle eat ?
0 what do i need to do to take my pawl with me to live in dominica , west indies for a year ?
3 who is the God of `` the muppets '' ?
5 how many times was pitcher , warren spahn , a 20-game contestant in his 21 major league seasons ?
5 How many times has Harold Stassen announced a drive for the White House ?
0 How does a bill become law ?
0 how does an tablet work ?
0 What is film noir ?
1 What kind of sports team is the Buffalo Sabres ?
0 How do I keep cats out of my flower garden for good ?
0 why are there fruit in martinis ?
4 what country buys 25 percent of the natural object 's tea exports ?
4 In what county is Eckley Colorado ?
5 how many days does a typical ephemerid live ?
4 what are the biggest indian airport ?
1 which beatles disc covering honors the rolling stones ?
1 Which gender has bigger thighs ?
0 What is a Devo hat ?
3 what 's the language unit of the actress who starred in the movie , `` silence of the lambs '' ?
3 who wrote : `` poems are made by fools like me but only god can make a woody plant '' ?
5 how many warmup pitches does a peer get coming into a baseball game ?
0 What is Franz Kafka 's short story `` A Country Doctor '' trying to tell us ?
4 where in the americas is it only 47 nautical mile from the atlantic to the pacific ?
5 How many Superbowls have the ers won ?
5 how many years ago did led zeppelin release its last medium ?
5 how many doubt are on this thing ?
0 how do you do a bibliography with an unknown writer ?
0 What is the C programming language ?
4 what is new england 's highest natural elevation ?
5 when was general manuel noriega ousted as the person of panama and turned over to u.s. authorities ?
0 What is a Certified Nurse Midwife ?
5 How much is a Canadian 1967 twenty dollar gold coin worth ?
4 what is bill gross 's electronic mail address ?
1 What 's the most popular form of bridge ?
3 name the two actress female offspring of john mills .
5 how long were tyrannosaurus rex 's set ?
1 What tennis term is said to come from the French word for egg ?
0 how do i give a good treatment ?
0 how does light travel through the void of quad if there is no medium for it to ` wave ' or ` pulse ' .
0 how do you write mla manner bibliographies for an internet source ?
1 What product `` doubles your pleasure , doubles your fun '' ?
4 Where are 8 of the 10 highest mountains in the world ?
3 Who invented the stock ticker in 1870 ?
3 who played the heading role in my favorite martian ?
4 what are some mythology computer ?
4 where did freidreich wilhelm ludwig leichhardt , prussian born person , go to school ?
0 what is the difference between new york-manner and chicago-manner pizza ?
5 how much did the iran-contra inquiry cost ?
1 what spider makes a superb animal , even said to recognize its master ?
4 What body of water does the Yukon River empty into ?
3 What was the previous name for the Commonwealth ?
3 who was the 15th century happening-and-brimstone monk who gained control of florence but ended burnt at the stake ?
3 What mustachioed comedian portrayed Frankie in North to Alaska ?
0 what function does homeostasis have on the being of an organism ?
4 Where are the apartments in Saint John , New Brunswick ?
5 In what year did Joe DiMaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?
1 what is a fear of nonaccomplishment ?
5 when does the average juvenile first have intercourse ?
3 what mystery writer penned `` ...the honor that was greece , and the grandeur that was rome '' ?
3 who won the 1968 california democratic election ?
1 name the 5 words that use all of the letters in the character set , except q , with no repeats .
1 what newspaper returned a pulitzer prize for the fraudulent message jimmy 's world ?
3 who killed jfk ?
1 what class of animals makes up more than two-common fraction of known species ?
1 what software offers inventor use of cad-like design ?
5 when do you plant winter cereal ?
0 what does the point on the letter i mean ?
1 what is the nongovernmental organization of nike ?
1 what is widely used to detect prenatal birth blemish ?
3 Who is the only prime minister of Canada to serve 22 years but not necessarily consecutively ?
5 where does the u.s. rank among world countries in sphere ?
0 What is endometriosis ?
5 on which dates does the running of the cattle occur in pamplona , spain ?
4 what city contains the district of hell 's kitchen ?
1 what is a technique popularly used to detect birth blemish ?
1 What soap was touted as being `` for people who like people '' ?
5 what is the quantity of american soldier still unaccounted for from the vietnam war ?
4 where can i find a list of all the companies in america that offer a direct stock certificate purchase plan ?
0 in the song `` yankee doodle , '' why did yankee doodle stick a feather in his crown and call it macaroni ?
1 what was the non-fiction best-merchant of 1952 , 1953 and 1954 ?
1 what broadway musical featured the birdcall , `` if i were a rich man ? ''
3 what ethnic abstraction introduced the idea of potlatch ?
4 what was the largest municipality in the world to declare martial law in 1989 ?
0 how do they produce vitamin ?
4 what nation in 1998 had the most suicides regardless of population size ?
4 what is the us federal government web site for standard industrial classification codes , sic , ?
0 how do i find a web savoir-faire for a company ?
0 what is the beginning of the word `` tampon '' ?
3 who gave abbie hoffman his first dose of lsd ?
1 What 's the only mammal that can 't jump ?
1 in the miller lite tv commercial , who is the creature ?
5 when did the neandertal man man live ?
0 what is the medical condition of cardiovascular disease ?
1 what two vessel fought the first sea battle between iron-covered ships ?
0 What is the meaning of W.B. Yeat 's poem , `` The Three Hermits ? ''
4 What country has the port of Haifa ?
4 Where did Wile E. Coyote always get his devices ?
5 in what year did china and the republic of korea establish diplomatic social relation ?
1 what war saw a naval battle between the indulgence liners cap trafalgar and the carmania ?
0 what is the origin of the typing practice sentence `` now is the fourth dimension for all good men to come to the aid of their country '' ?
1 What phenomenon would you expect to read about in the monthly publication The Bigfoot News ?
1 what is a concern of strong light ?
1 what are the best structure to improve employee morale at low cost ?
3 who was the 15th hundred fire-and-brimstone monk who gained control of florence but ended burnt at the stake ?
1 what are the most common breeding bird in the u.s. ?
3 what group was formed in 1969 after police met resistance from customer at the stonewall , a greenwich village gay bar ?
3 what culture developed the theme of potlatch ?
3 what 's the name of the star of the cooking appearance , `` galloping gourmet '' ?
3 What is Supergirl 's secret identity ?
2 what does r.e.m. stand for , as in the rock abstraction r.e.m. ?
5 how many american soldiers remain unaccounted from the vietnam military action ?
4 which is the wealthiest country in the worldly concern ?
1 what sport features fragment and clean jerks ?
0 What was an `` Asiento '' ?
1 what is a good publication to read for people who hate to read ?
3 what are the names of jacques cousteau 's two son ?
5 How many years did Shea & Gould practice law in Los Angeles ?
4 what political unit has the largest sheep population ?
3 who is the person of brunei ?
3 what south vietnamese president was assassinated by his general officer in 1963 ?
0 how do i get another city 's press ?
2 what does the word laser mean ?
1 What is the most radioactive food ?
0 What is a stratocaster ?
4 name an creation gallery in new york .
1 What color of Monopoly properties are landed on most often ?
1 what international amateur sports spectacle was first broadcast in 1956 ?
1 what is the english translation for the discussion `` caliente '' ?
0 what is grass ?
1 what sport features snatches and clean jerk ?
3 who are the challengers of the unknown ?
5 how many different types of unpleasant person are there ?
5 what time period did degas create the bronze sculpture , `` fourth position front ? ''
0 how do hermit pediculosis reproduce ?
5 How long does it take to travel from Tokyo to Niigata ?
1 what is nero wolfe 's favorite drink during office hour ?
0 what is aim-oriented design ?
1 what kind of skill is cosmology ?
1 what is a emotion of black people ?
1 what are some end for building a fire in a fireplace ?
1 what press gives us the cream , not the skim ?
0 What is the definition of ` graphic details ' ?
4 Where did Woodstock take place ?
5 how many region does an obelisk have ?
3 who was the mother of the man who would not be baron , the duke of windsor ?
3 what are the names of jack 's original roommates on three 's company ?
1 which is the best hatchway move in chess ?
5 how much of the silver product is manufactured by independent silversmiths ?
5 How many continents are there ?
4 What sun-blasted , 14-mile wide valley is just north of the Mojave desert ?
1 What harmful chemicals are in bug spray ?
3 what tv character sired a horse named thunder ?
5 how many spear are there on kenya 's flag ?
3 who is luke skywalker 's father ?
3 name the three races unleashed by the celestials in marvel comic strip .
5 the shea & gould law business had an office in l.a. for how many years ?
0 what is the assertion to fame of agra , india ?
4 what nation has the largest sheep population ?
0 what is meant by liquid body substance sed rate ?
3 whchemical element graced the airwaves with such pearls as `` dchemical element ya lchemical element-chemical element-chemical elementve me ? get naked , baby ! '' ?
0 what incident caused the canning of a summit meeting between eisenhower and khrushchev ?
0 how can i get someone 's earphone number if i only have their screen name ?
3 who are the top 10 richest people in the natural object ?
2 when reading classified promotion , what does eenty : other stand for ?
0 why did several san diego educational institution remove apples from students menus ?
3 Who invented the toothbrush ?
4 Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?
0 what is it like to experience a near death sequence ?
3 who was the first man to return to space ?
3 what tv character sired a equine named thunder ?
0 how do i start a web based occupation ?
3 what american poet wrote : `` good fences make good neighbor '' ?
0 how does the speed the magnet spins in a apparatus affect the output of the apparatus ?
4 where can i find the state of my tax return ?
5 how many beatles ' phonograph record went #1 ?
3 who told all in ball four ?
3 the language unit of the actor who played the detective in the film kindergarden cop is what ?
4 Name the country which Honecker lived in .
5 When is the Thai New Year ?
1 what publication was f. scott fitzgerald working on when he died in hollywood in 194 ?
1 what color is the hybrid on switzerland 's flag ?
1 what is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the consistency ?
0 Why didn 't European colonial rule spread until after the first and second industrial revolutions ?
1 what can i use to remove the stubborn gummed label from some diskettes ?
1 what are the name of the different toes ?
0 what do worm do through their spiracles ?
3 what professional sport league originated the college draft ?
4 What North American city sprouts the most parking meters ?
3 What is `` the airline built for professional travelers '' ?
4 what category of habitat does the scorpion live in ?
5 how many points is a disk in the center trap worth in crokinole ?
3 what member of the little rascals has an on-again , off-again lover in darla hood ?
3 who invented the process to make condensed beverage ?
0 what is meant by the word `` yield to maturity '' in reference to bonds ?
3 who told all in ball four ?
3 in the past 8 class who have the mvp players for the nhl been ?
0 how do companies cut newspaper so thin ?
0 Why do we ask for the `` check '' and not the bill at a restaurant ?
4 where in the bible does it tell about jesus christ 's male sibling and sisters ?
3 what u.s. president showed a affectionateness for munching on bee pollen bars ?
1 what are some translations of the construction `` thank-you '' ?
1 what matter did joseph priestley name for its ability to erase pencil marks ?
0 how does ultraviolet light price the dna of skin cells ?
1 what broadway entertainment introduced the song some enchanted evening ?
1 what trade did the 15th and 16th time period portuguese hope to control between asia and europe ?
0 what is the point of `` barbeque '' ?
3 What is the oldest profession ?
3 name of scholar on whose literal translation from the chinese and japanese ezra pound depended ?
0 How do you get a broken cork out of a bottle ?
3 who was the author of the book about calculator hackers called `` the cuckoo 's egg : tracking a spy through the maze of calculator espionage '' ?
4 Where is the Mayo Clinic ?
4 where did hillary clinton alumnus college ?
3 who was gerald ford 's vice president ?
1 what was the non-fabrication best-seller of 1952 , 1953 and 1954 ?
0 What is the Socratic method ?
0 What is a leper ?
3 what writer-journalist made his evaluation describing colorful broadway and underworld characters ?
3 name a canine cartoon character other than huckleberry hound to have a part by daws butler .
1 what long time followed the bronze long time ?
4 Where can I find a large list of 5 to 6 letter words ?
3 who was the charlie perfume womanhood ?
3 Who is Terrence Malick ?
3 What inescapable purveyor of background music celebrated its 5th anniversary in July , 1984 ?
4 what former royal palace has served as a granary , prison , arsenal , leper colony , mint , telegraph station and building before becoming an art museum ?
4 which city in china has the largest number of foreign financial institution ?
3 who claimed to be the world 's most perfectly-developed man ?
3 what is michael jackson 's father 's language unit ?
1 Garry Kasparov plays what game ?
3 who has the only speaking role in `` silent movie '' ?
5 what day is known as the `` national day of worship '' ?
4 what is the best hospital for orthopedics in the political unit ?
0 why are there no white lines on pro contact sport ?
3 who invented the stethoscope ?
3 who was the author of the book about computer hackers called `` the cuckoo 's egg : tracking a spy through the maze of computer espionage '' ?
0 what is the consumption of a 24-hour clock instead of a 12-hour clock ?
1 what press serves salt lake city ?
3 what 2th-hundred fictional character attends pencey prep school ?
1 what gaming devices were dubbed `` mississippi marbles '' and `` memphis domino '' ?
3 What famous husband-and-wife team did radio ads for Blue Nun wine ?
1 what is the lens behind the iridaceous plant in the eye called ?
0 why doesn 't www.answers.com have any answers to my doubt ?
1 What does a chef coddle eggs in ?
4 where did hillary clinton graduate body ?
3 who says , `` if you don 'pyrimidine look good , we don 'pyrimidine look good '' ?
4 what is the homelite inc. home leaf ?
1 What kind of patent did Ermal Fraze get in 1963 ?
3 who was the oldest u.s. corporate executive ?
1 what 's the largest u.s. agricultural crop by weight unit ?
1 what is the most famous german word in the english terminology ?
4 what are the top five lipid-producing countries in the world ?
3 who wrote the sci-fi trio foundation , foundation and empire , and second foundation ?
0 why do pharmacist work on raised floors ?
4 What ocean did the Titanic sink in ?
3 what labor drawing card was last seen in the parking lot of a michigan restaurant ?
3 What comedian hit the TV screen in 1951 with the NBC afternoon show Time for Ernie ?
5 how far is the longest trap in 1 on any golf course and where did it happen ?
1 what 's the hungarian language unit for pepper ?
1 What are the conjugations of wake and woke ?
3 who gave king arthur the round board ?
5 how many states have a `` lemon collection '' for new automobiles ?
3 What is the nickname of the famous flyer who mistakenly flew to Ireland instead of to Los Angeles ?
3 what people make up half the soviet union 's people ?
1 what is the most popular sport car color ?
4 what was the only political unit you were allowed to drive into israel from in 1979 ?
1 what is the name of the activity that garry kasparov plays ?
0 What are the Urals ?
3 What architect originated the glass house designed the Chicago Federal Center had a philosophy of `` less is more , '' and produced plans that were the forerunner of the California ranch house ?
0 What causes an earthquake ?
1 what snack food has natural elevation ?
5 what seven digits follow the area code in the number for long spacing information ?
0 How do wasps make their nests ?
3 who said : `` soldiers win the battles and generals get the credit '' ?
5 what act is at 12 o 'clock on a dartboard ?
3 who turned all he touched to gold ?
5 what class is etched on the gold medal of excellence from the paris exposition depicted on a can of campbell 's tomato soup ?
1 what is the condition for someone who hates mankind ?
0 what doantioxidants antioxidant=mc2 mantioxidantan ?
5 how many jews were executed in property camps during wwii ?
1 what animal causes the biggest terror to humans ?
3 What two historical figures , who fought each other in a famous battle , each have a food named after them ?
1 what 1956 grace metalious novel was on the best-merchant list for two years ?
5 When did Iraqi troops invade Kuwait ?
3 what actor and world war ii skilled worker had a $5 , 0 bounty put on his head by hermann goering ?
1 what credit card features a centurion on its boldness ?
1 what african organism are known as the big five ?
3 who makes the `` die hard '' car artillery ?
5 How much did Alaska cost when bought from Russia ?
3 what 's the middle name of movie manufacturer joseph e. levine ?
0 What is the design of the ship Titanic ?
1 what was the first sam spade fiction ?
3 what texas surgeon performed the first artificial intuition transplant ?
0 how do they raise the cranes when building high-rise construction ?
0 How would someone go about becoming an organ donor ?
5 what is the weight of a teaspoon of topic in a black hole ?
1 what dickens novel has david carrying the communication `` barkis is willin '' to peggy ?
1 what crop nonaccomplishment caused the irish famine ?
0 why do device attract ?
3 what president-to-be was the first member of congress to enlist following the approach on pearl harbor ?
0 What does a red flag mean in auto racing ?
1 what overalls are named for dungri , a residential district of bombay ?
4 what nation comes last in an alphabetical list ?
5 what are the shoe magnitude of o 'neal , jordan , and mutombo , the nba players ?
3 who is the author of the book , `` the iron lady : a biography of margaret thatcher '' ?
4 what is a nation that starts with the letter x ?
5 how much iron is in your consistency ?
3 Who did Richard Nixon tender his resignation to ?
3 name pyrimidinehe company pyrimidinehapyrimidine used pyrimidinehe line , `` even your bespyrimidine friend won 'pyrimidine pyrimidineell you '' in ipyrimidines ad ?
0 How can I get a comic character I made copyrighted and published ?
5 How many islands does Fiji have ?
5 how many penny-farthings are there on a trivial pursuit plot board ?
3 which constitution is the security council a part of ?
0 What was the claim to fame of the football game that saw Fordham defeat Waynesburg State 12601 on September 3 , 1939 ?
0 In the song `` Yankee Doodle , '' why did Yankee Doodle stick a feather in his cap and call it macaroni ?
0 what is the `` coppertop '' barrage ?
0 what is a `` node '' in computer term ?
0 what is character in food ?
1 what 's the most popular contact optical device color ?
0 What does the term glory hole mean ?
0 why do some multitude have two different color eyes ?
3 who is terrence malick ?
1 What animal migrates the farthest ?
3 Who claimed he killed 4 , 280 buffalo as food for the crew building the Kansas Pacific Railway ?
0 What happened to Phillip Taylor Kramer ?
1 what words in the english have two u 's rear to rear ?
5 How many Israeli athletes were killed at the Munich Olympics ?
3 what is the name of the pop singer whose birdcall became the theme birdcall for a brand of catsup ?
0 what are boxcar ?
4 what nation is bounded in part by the indian ocean and coral and tasman seas ?
1 what kind of a diversion team is the wisconsin badgers ?
1 what kind of a sport team is the wisconsin badgers ?
2 What do the letters CE stand for on so many products , particularly electrical , purchased now ?
1 what body covering color can i use to just cover a little gray ?
3 which of the following rock 'n rotation stars has a `` star '' on hollywood boulevard ?
3 who was the last woman executed in england ?
0 what is an arab leather strip ?
3 who is the richest person in the natural object ?
1 what tom wolfe publication is about the mercury astronauts ?
3 who claimed he killed 4 , 280 buffalo as food for the crew building the kansas pacific railway ?
5 what is the speed of the mississippi river ?
0 what was nine tailors , the television entertainment from 1974 , about ?
0 what does the language unit shawn mean ?
1 what was simple simon fishing for in his mother 's bucket ?
3 what u.s. congressman said : `` keep the faith , child '' .
4 what body of water was amelia earhart flying over when she disappeared ?
4 where are the busiest amtrak rail devotion in the u.s. ?
1 what do camel store in their humps ?
0 What do Christian Scientists believe in ?
3 what hungarian cardinal was first a state prisoner and then a refugee in the u.s. diplomatic building 1956-1971 ?
1 What J.R.R. Tolkien book features Gimli as a central character ?
3 what communicator is famous for physically putting himself into the center of his subject matter ?
3 who was maria theresa ?
3 what well-known actor is the father of celestial body alan alda ?
3 Who established a Viking colony in Greenland about 985 ?
1 what mutant do you shag flies in ?
3 Who is the nebbish that is Marvel 's official mascot ?
5 in which year was the cartoon imaginary being chilly willy created ?
2 what is the abbreviation of the institution name ` general motors ' ?
5 how many home score did lou gehrig have during his career ?
3 who was the 15th century fire-and-brimstone monk who gained control of florence but ended burnt at the interest ?
5 what is the regular monetary value ?
4 Where can I get information concerning child custody files for the State of Utah ?
1 what snack substance has ridges ?
5 in what class was de gaulle elected president of france ?
3 who holds the career record for the most major league residence runs ?
3 who wrote the sci-fi trilogy foundation , foundation and empire , and second foundation ?
1 What fastener did Whitcomb Judson patent in 1893 ?
5 How many countries are there ?
3 Who is the `` Queen Mother '' ?
0 What are Bellworts ?
4 what country will hit the class 2 first ?
3 who was the 1st u.s. president ?
5 in what class was the berlin wall erected ?
4 What countries have the largest armed forces in the world ?
5 when were pisces first believed to be found on earth ?
4 where can i find free keyboard instrument scores for popular music ?
3 what actress holds the record for the most appearances on the covering of life ?
0 why do usa facsimile machines not work in uk , nnp ?
4 what is the web address at which i can find the e-mail address of a extremity of the us house of representatives ?
1 What are some colorful flowers that will bloom in the fall in New England ?
1 what plot is garry kasparov really good at ?
2 What does MSG stand for ?
3 who was the first black performer to have his own network tv show ?
4 in what region of the world was the six day war fought ?
3 What well-known TV talk show host was a lay preacher by the time he was seventeen ?
5 how many tenths of the earth 's surface falsehood under water ?
1 what are all the different kinds of contraceptive ?
5 how many different type of skunks are there ?
0 what is the history of hot wheels motor vehicle , and how are they produced ?
3 what is the name of the american world health organization was captured when his plane went down over syrian-held lebanon ?
0 How was Teddy Roosevelt related to FDR ?
3 who holds the occupation record for the most major league home runs ?
4 Which country is known as `` Big Bear '' ?
4 what configuration is known as the water bearer ?
1 what is the high pitched sound that you hear in your ear every now and then , but then it goes away , after a time ?
5 what is the average weight for a valet ?
1 What do you get by mixing gin and vermouth ?
1 what legal document does benny carter play ?
4 what are the only two states that incorporate the confederate military action flag in their flags ?
1 what is the full classification of a dame bug ?
1 What does a resurrectionist steal ?
4 What 's the longest river in the world ?
1 what articles of clothing are symbol in monopoly ?
5 How often are brain cells replaced ?
3 who declared : `` i think i 'll go out and milk the red deer '' ?
5 What is the size of Argentina ?
4 where can an individual get a contact lens tested that burned the entire surface of center when new ?
1 what was the first ready-to-eat breakfast grain ?
3 what was the previous language unit for the commonwealth ?
5 how many time of life of bad luck follow breaking a mirror ?
3 what level of government or governmental agency is responsible for dealing with bias ?
1 what is the softest part of the consistency ?
5 how many grooves are on a dime 's boundary ?
5 When does menstruation begin ?
3 What video game hero do some of his fans call Chomper ?
3 who is the richest causal agent in the world , without owning a business ?
1 what color of monopoly possession are landed on most often ?
5 how many cubic feet of space does a United States liquid unit of water occupy ?
3 who invented the brush ?
3 which of the following performer worked in new york 's yiddish theater ?
4 what new england administrative district carries the telephone area code 27 ?
3 which of the following celebrities started his entertainment-biz career as a disc jockey ?
3 who became president of the u.s. in 1789 ?
3 what comic of tv 's golden age went by the motto `` anything for a joke '' ?
5 how many logarithmic scales are there on a chute rule ?
1 what tv series saw many of its aquatic area shot at silver springs , florida ?
4 What is the nickname of Pennsylvania ?
1 what after-dinner treat was invented in 1916 at the george jung pasta factory in los angeles ?
5 how long do eremite crabs live ?
5 What day is August 13 , 1971 ?
3 What American League baseball team 's worst finish between 1926 and 1964 was fourth ?
3 Who did Jackie Kennedy commission to write The Death of a President ?
3 who won two gold award in skiing in the olympic games in calgary ?
5 What fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?
3 what pseudonym did william sydney porter consumption in writing the gift of the magi ?
1 what is the music used in the new vw beetle commercial where the car spins and changes semblance ?
1 what is a fear of mental illness ?
0 how do i find a city if i have the area written communication ?
0 why was the fastener invented ?
1 what are the languages spoken by the person in afghanistan ?
3 what comedian was banned from the ed sullivan show for allegedly making an obscene gesture at the show 's master of ceremonies ?
5 what hundred 's the setting for tv 's the adventures of robin hood ?
5 how many different countries commodity coffee ?
5 how much medium of exchange was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
0 What is the origin of the term soda jerk ?
1 what is a good book to read for people United Nations agency hate to read ?
1 What flag flies over Wake Island ?
5 the shea & gould law firm had an position in l.a. for how many years ?
5 how long ago did the anglican religion part from the vatican ?
3 what comedian hit the tv screen in 1951 with the nbc good afternoon show time for ernie ?
3 who was the first elected mayor of washington , d.c. ?
3 who is section manager for steering and control systems at jpl ?
3 What actress 's autobiography is titled Shelley : Also Known as Shirley ?
0 What do the 12 days of Christmas mean ?
1 what sport event is meyer wolfsheim supposed to have fixed in the great gatsby ?
3 what 's the most common nickname of u.s. college football unit ?
0 how do i check if my electronic equipment is v.9 compatible ?
0 what is meant by `` capital activity '' ?
1 what are other ways of getting reach marks besides pregnancy , weight loss , and weight lifting ?
4 where on the internet can i find a song lyrics information similar to the international lyrics server ?
3 who was chief engineer of the starship enterprise ?
5 what is the rate of vhf ?
0 How do you reference a website ?
1 what pack of cards of cards includes the wheel of fortune , the lovers , and death ?
5 what class did degas create the bronze sculpture , `` fourth position front ? ''
3 who 's the only u.s. president to have won a pulitzer prize ?
1 stuart hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of which instrumentality ?
5 what is the youngest age a son or girl can have an orgasm ?
4 where do the blackhawks maintain their process ?
0 what 's quality 's purpose for tornadoes ?
5 how many people are there in the natural object ?
0 what is the origin of the expression `` four-document word '' ?
1 what product 's ads claim that it `` eliminates odors , kills household germs , mold , and spoilage '' ?
1 What is the nickname of the Cleveland Indians ?
1 what ice creams contain alga ?
5 How much did the minimum wage amount to in 1991 ?
0 what are the password to the song sung by `` banana in pajamas '' ?
3 What is the Viking Prince 's first name ?
5 The italian artist , Maurizio Pellegrin , is how old ?
1 what stephen king novel is set in a graveyard for positron emission tomography ?
0 how did the military action of 1812 affect delamilitary actione ?
1 what is the name of the illness that actress hunter tylo 's baby girl has ?
3 what baseball team businessman and sailor is known as the mouth of the south ?
0 why do heavier physical entity travel downhill faster ?
1 what six words follow the line : `` from a jack to a baron.. . '' ?
3 who is the prime minister in norway ?
1 what was currency-conscious colonel edwin l. drake the first to drill ?
3 who protects dc comics ' realm of dreams ?
3 what writer is famous for physically putting himself into the center of his subject concern ?
2 what does blunder stand for ?
3 which high school are included in the south florida ice hockey league ?
0 What is Megan 's law ?
0 what is the origin of the term `` blue moonlight , '' and how often do they occur ?
1 in what product did steven spielberg 's dog star as the main character 's dog ?
1 What do manatees eat ?
3 Name the university of which Woodrow Wilson was president .
3 Who is the son-in-law of Sen. Everett Dirkson who was also a senator in the '70 's ?
5 how many types of tall mallow are there in france ?
1 name one of the seven wonders of the ancient world .
4 where can i find the diagram to the windshield wiper mechanism ?
0 how would someone go about becoming an organ benefactor ?
3 who is the valet behind the pig-the valet who pulls the strings and speaks for miss piggy ?
5 When did Hitler come to power in Germany ?
4 what former royal palace has served as a granary , prison , arsenal , leper colony , mint , telegraph facility and whorehouse before becoming an art museum ?
5 what month did the edmund fitzgerald sinkhole ?
1 what did a 16th-hundred aztec athlete get for putting a rubber ball through a ring ?
1 what are halloween 's flag ?
1 what 's an baby seal called ?
4 what municipality has the two steepest streets in the u.s. ?
3 who was the prophet of the muslim people ?
4 Where did the ukulele originate ?
3 who was the first x-man to die in battle ?
0 how do i tie dye clothing ?
3 who owns the rights on a tv platform ?
1 what is the most common malignant tumor ?
5 what is the fundamental quantity for cooking ?
0 What is Linux ?
0 what is the definition of low land ?
3 who is the director of the international group called the human genome organization , hugo , that is trying to coordinate gene-function research worldwide ?
4 what u.s. state of matter has an element named for it ?
3 what famous film and tv cowboy lent his name to a fast food series ?
3 who is king in alley oop 's residence of moo ?
4 what asian country once thrilled to the diversion of cricket fighting ?
1 what is a language unit whose letters can be rearranged to form a different language unit ?
3 name the university of which woodrow wilson was corporate executive .
0 what are the powers and helplessness of green lantern 's ring ?
1 which of the five common sense develops first ?
5 what is the price for aaa 's liability auto security ?
3 what major airline has the best condition record in the world ?
3 what is the name of the american swimmer world health organization won seven gold medals in the 1972 olympics ?
3 which vegetable oil company almost picked a word that meant `` stalled car '' in japanese as its new international name ?
0 how do you find out what is allowed to claim as a contibution for financial gain tax purposes ?
3 what company has built more than 2.5 billion little green building since 1935 ?
4 Where do you find the answers for all these questions ?
3 who is the current prime clergyman and president of russia ?
4 what nation was the setting of you only live twice ?
5 How many people live in Tokyo ?
5 what name number graces the black label of a bottle of jack daniel 's ?
5 how many times larger than animation size is the statue of liberty ?
4 What island is home to statues called Mauis ?
3 what comedienne upstaged dwight d. eisenhower 's first inauguration by giving beginning to her first child ?
3 What record company was formed by Herb Alpert and Jerry Moss ?
0 why did david koresh ask the fbi for a word business ?
1 what card game has version called canfield , klondike and spider ?
0 How did the jack-o '-lantern get it 's name ?
3 who commanded the french forces at the battle of orleans ?
4 What is Bill Gross 's email address ?
0 what is the quality between hair and fur ?
1 what visual property are the castellated walls of the kremlin ?
4 where can i buy a pony on the big island for my female offspring ?
0 What is porphyria ?
1 what were the ceremony traditions like during the elizabethian fourth dimension ?
5 how many relative quantity codes are there in the u.s. ?
5 what is the recomended long time to switch a child from a crib to a bed ?
1 what types of water environmental condition are there ?
3 what was the name of the film director of the movie `` jaws '' ?
3 who is the man behind the pig-the man who pulls the section and speaks for miss piggy ?
4 what is the leading pecan and pod growing state ?
0 what is in baby powder and baby toiletry that makes it smell the way it does ?
5 what is the averlong time long time a horse lives ?
1 what is the legal lineage alcohol limit for the state of california ?
0 how do you convert foot-egyptian pound to foot-inches ?
0 What 's the staff of life mentioned in the Lord 's Prayer ?
3 Who 's the only man to have won the Olympic decathlon twice ?
5 What was the death toll at the eruption of Mount Pinatubo ?
3 what english doctor was born on january 18 , 1779 and went on to create two important inventions ?
1 what does a pedometer maneuver ?
3 what actor , world health organization had greatest fame on tv , became the father of triplets ?
5 when did the art of sewing stitch begin ?
1 what 's the southern dish made of swine ' small intestines ?
3 what record ship's company was formed by herb alpert and jerry moss ?
1 What is the only vegetable that starts with `` z '' ?
5 at what age did rossini stop writing classical music ?
1 what device provided a new property to listen to music in 1963 ?
1 what is the character set for latin ?
3 who is the founder of scientology ?
1 what illness plagued europe , africa and asia ?
4 what two japanese cities are spelled with the culture k , o , o , t and y ?
1 what 's the word for broken glass or sharp rocks embedded in cement on top of a partition ?
0 what 's the state saying of california ?
0 what is the origin of the first language unit ` breony ' ?
3 what twenties cowboy star rode tony the wonder horse ?
0 How do boats float ?
5 how many russians have landed on the moonlight ?
3 who held the strength record for women pilots in 1929 ?
1 what molecules include fluorine , sodium and metallic element ?
5 how much electricity does the genius need to work ?
4 where can i find a tilt of all the companies in america that offer a direct stock purchase plan ?
3 What buxom blonde appeared on the cover of more than 5 magazines ?
5 when did the carolingian fundamental quantity begin ?
0 what is the origin of the condition `` the brooklyn side '' in bowling ?
3 Whose old London come-on was : `` Buy my sweet lavender '' ?
5 how tall is the copy of the matterhorn at disneyland ?
3 who advised perceiver to `` see the u.s.a. in your chevrolet '' ?
1 What letter is to the right of K on a typewriter keyboard ?
3 what 's the name of the actress United Nations agency starred in the movie , `` silence of the lambs '' ?
5 how many rows of sprocket opening does a roll of 35-millimeter film have ?
1 What soft drink not only has its own video game , but was featured in its own Marvel comic book ?
3 Who is the Voyager project manager ?
0 What does `` E Pluribus Unum '' on the penny mean ?
3 Who coined the term NN cyberspace `` in his novel NN Neuromancer '' ?
2 what does a&w of root beer fame support for ?
3 whadeoxythymidine monophosphate camera company said , `` if you haven 'deoxythymidine monophosphate godeoxythymidine monophosphate deoxythymidine monophosphatehe deoxythymidine monophosphateime , we 've godeoxythymidine monophosphate deoxythymidine monophosphatehe camera ? ''
4 What city is often called The Insurance Capital of the World ?
3 who took the plaything donated for the doodyville orphans ' fund and kept them for himself ?
3 what baseball star turned down a $1 , 000-a-class contract because he felt he had n't earned it ?
0 what is the purpose of a car brassiere ?
3 who is peter weir ?
3 who held the survival record for women pilots in 1929 ?
3 what tv comediennes 's characters include former movie ace nora desmond , secretary mrs. wiggins and a housewife named eunice ?
0 What is gymnophobia ?
3 Who is the superstar in rent-a-cars ?
1 what non-alcoholic sweetening is made from pomegranate juice ?
0 what is a virtual ip savoir-faire ?
0 What is ethology ?
1 what was the language unit of the protestant revolt against the supremacy of the pope ?
3 what two new york yankee pitchers swapped wife and families ?
1 what type of blood sport are retrievers used for ?
3 the name of the actor world health organization played the detective in the film kindergarden cop is what ?
3 what adult has carried the most multiple births , twins , triplets , etc. , ?
0 how do institution cut paper so thin ?
0 Why is the universe flat , if it started by an explosion , shouldn 't it be a sphere ?
1 What is a fear of cholera ?
1 What type of food makes you fat ?
1 what is `` the bear of brew '' ?
1 What weapon did the crossed slits in English castles accommodate ?
3 who was charles lindbergh 's wife ?
3 What spy novelist served as Moscow correspondent for Reuter and The Times of London ?
0 what is a viverrine ?
5 How large is Missouri 's population ?
0 What does the double-O indicate in 007 ?
1 to what does microsoft 's windows 3 owe its happening ?
0 how can i transport file from one computer to another ?
3 what well-known music personality is the founder of an adopted son named hans christian henderson ?
5 How far can a man travel in outer space ?
1 in ad 999 , what sort of celebrations , emotion , were there ?
3 who is the current prime minister and president of russia ?
3 who was picasso ?
5 what year did jack nicklaus join the professional golfers association journey ?
1 what was the first english looseness written exclusively for children ?
5 When was the first flush toilet invented ?
1 in which diversion is there a `` scrum '' ?
1 what did martin luther post on the church doorway at wittenberg ?
3 what 4-foot-9 actress in 1984 became the first performer to win an oscar for playing a character of the opposite bodily process ?
1 Name the product that is `` at your grocer 's , at your fingertips . ''
3 What famous comedian recently tried without success to revive the play ?
1 what were popular musical composition and types of musical composition in the 1920s ?
3 what is the last language unit of lucy and linus from the peanut 's comic strip ?
4 what 's the second-largest island in the natural object ?
4 what municipality is wiener schnitzel named for ?
0 how do you make a million vaulting horse ?
5 how much money can a person be fined for having a dog on a geological formation ?
1 What was the name of Captain Bligh 's ship ?
3 who is colin powell ?
1 what does a farrier put situation on ?
4 What country has been called The Queen of the Antilles ?
5 When was the last major eruption of Mount St. Helens ?
3 what 4-foot-9 actress in 1984 became the first performer to win an oscar for playing a character of the opposite sexual activity ?
0 what causes a person to have constantly sweaty guardianship and feet ?
4 where on the internet can i find a song lyric database similar to the international lyric server ?
5 how much medium of exchange did the marcos steal from their country ?
5 What are the highest-paying odds on a roulette table ?
3 who played the title duty in the romantic englishwoman ?
3 what ship's company named one of its pens `` the banana '' ?
1 What sport do you shag flies in ?
0 what are snowball to a hot-rodder ?
4 what is the highest batch in the world ?
3 what first language unit was nipsy russell given at birth ?
4 what u.s. city 's outline boasts the gateway arch ?
5 what is the current commercial document fare from from cairo to barbados ?
3 what company 's characteristic was his master 's voice ?
3 what national basketball association superstar told his message in giant steps ?
1 what 's the name of the tiger that advertises for frosted flakes grain ?
0 why do rooftop give off steam after a big rainstorm ?
3 who is the greek god of the sea ?
1 what are the best ways to improve employee psychological state at low cost ?
3 who became president of the u.s. in 1789 ?
0 What facial feature typically contains about 55 hairs ?
1 what document does gorbachev 's middle name start with ?
3 who portrayed dracula in hammer studios ' movie ?
4 What is the website for the USA journal ?
3 name the on stage imaginary being whose face was never seen .
0 what is the difference between a median and a average ?
3 what architect originated the glass house designed the chicago federal center had a belief of `` less is more , '' and produced plans that were the forerunner of the california ranch house ?
5 how much did the minimum wage assets to in 1991 ?
3 what are the first names of rowan and martin , the stars of tv 's laugh-in ?
3 Who was the author of the book about computer hackers called `` The Cuckoo 's Egg : Tracking a Spy Through the Maze of Computer Espionage '' ?
4 In what U.S. state was the first woman governor elected ?
3 Who has won the most Super Bowls ?
3 who portrayed maggio in the film from here to eternity ?
0 How is saline used in medicine ?
4 what political unit are godiva chocolates from ?
1 italy is the largest maker of what ?
1 what product 's ads claim that it `` eliminates odors , kills household germ , mold , and mildew '' ?
5 on what date did rosa parks become a signal of the civil rights movement for refusing to give up her seat on the bus ?
1 What food of the three bears did Goldilocks eat ?
1 what was edward albee 's first full-length looseness ?
4 what was the largest city in the natural object to declare martial law in 1989 ?
1 what is a fear of solid or glass ?
1 What organ contains the islands of Langerhans ?
4 Which city did Christian Crusaders fight to recapture from the Muslims ?
3 what artist 's studio apartment was the bateau-lavoir in montmartre ?
0 what does the disk on the letter i mean ?
1 what is another name for ametropia ?
5 how many turn are there in a regulation softball game ?
5 how much stronger is the new vitreous carbon material invented by the tokyo institute of technology compared with the material made from polysaccharide ?
3 Saddam Hussein was compared to whom by President Bush ?
0 what is the origin of the expression `` tout de musical composition '' ?
0 what is the beginning of the word , jj .
1 what is a research dispatch in mountain climbing ?
3 what frenchman claimed the following ? if god did not exist , it would be necessary to invent him . ''
0 What is a Mexican hairless ?
1 what sport is known for attacker ?
4 what are the names of all the seas in the worldly concern and what ocean do they drain into ?
0 Why does tuberculosis afflict people ?
4 where does ray bradbury 's chronicles take place ?
1 what is `` the sensation that beats the others cold '' ?
0 What are chloroplasts ?
3 what performer learned to play the saxophone and speak russian for a role in a movie ?
3 what king is satirized in the course : `` the king was in the countinghouse , counting all his money '' ?
4 What city is sometimes called Gotham ?
1 what category of puzzle first appeared in the u.s. in the new york world on december 21 , 1913 ?
3 What President 's favorite Biblical quotation was : `` Come now , and let us reason together '' .
0 How does a parachute work ?
4 name a political unit that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?
1 what leporid got its name because its ears resembled those of a jackass ?
3 what writer-journalist made his mark describing colorful broadway and hell characters ?
4 what asian gulf were the warship maddox and c turner joy shot up in ?
5 How much calcium should an adult female have daily ?
1 What do Hasidic Jews refrain from while dating ?
1 what craft did the 15th and 16th century portuguese hope to control between asia and europe ?
4 what country buys 25 percentage of the world 's tea exports ?
3 what kind of institution is 7-eleven ?
1 what five cards make up a perfect cribbage extremity ?
0 why can 'deoxythymidine monophosphate osdeoxythymidine monophosphateriches fly ?
4 where can i find free piano large indefinite quantity for popular music ?
3 who sells viagra ?
3 Who fired Maria Ybarra from her position in San Diego council ?
1 what are the 7 generalization of learning from the institute for research on learning , irl ?
0 How do you identify prime numbers ?
3 who is the richest woman in the natural object ?
4 What are the Nordic nations ?
1 what device does benny carter play ?
4 where can i find the schematics to the windshield windshield wiper mechanism ?
4 what bay divides maryland 's eastern and western shores ?
5 how many four star generals were there and world health organization are they ?
5 How many horses died during the civil war ?
1 what is the fastest fish in the worldly concern ?
0 what was the filling in the first golf game equipment ?
3 which organization is the security council a relation of ?
1 what does el nino mean in Romance ?
5 what is the fare outgo for the round trip between new york and london on concorde ?
4 where is the object of the orange bowl ?
0 how do you stop junk escargot mail ?
5 how much in miles is a ten k run ?
3 who was international olympic committee presiding officer at the 1936 summer games ?
5 how many rows of sprocket trap does a roll of 35-millimeter film have ?
1 what visual property , s , appear on boxes of kodak film ?
4 what do most tourists visit in reims ?
3 who co-starred with julie andrews in mary poppins ?
3 What comedian was born Allen Stewart Konigsberg ?
4 What city is the setting for Puccini 's opera La Boheme ?
3 who is the richest person in the worldly concern ?
1 what 's the best way to lose the flab under your chin and around your external body part ?
3 What actor starred in 1980 's Blue Lagoon , 1982 's The Pirate Movie and 1983 's A Night in Heaven ?
4 what rocky mountain natural elevation separates north america 's eastward and westward-flowing rivers ?
0 What is a neurosurgeon ?
1 what animal group of dog was the `` little rascals '' dog ?
3 what is an example of a famous rock 'n' roll band from the sixties ?
1 what tv series saw many of its aquatic scene shot at silver springs , florida ?
3 who did napolean defeat at jena and auerstadt ?
4 what building built in 18 contains 327 miles of book support ?
4 what tract contains firehole river and fairy falls ?
1 what is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptom such as : involuntary movements , tics , swearing , and incoherent vocalizations , grunts , shouts , etc. ?
1 what kind of diversion did they play in the years 1642-1649 , the english civil war time ?
4 what city or administrative district do the most gay men live in ?
0 What is a First World country ?
1 What is a fear of glass ?
1 what is the name of the birdcall that dracula plays on the organ ?
0 what is the quality between jazz and blues ?
0 how do you determine if a computer supervisor has an svga adapter ?
4 what city is frank schnitzel named for ?
1 what does warner bros. call a flightless fool ?
5 how many feet long is a baseball ballplayer 's rubber ?
1 what was the longest war in u.s. past ?
3 What appointments secretary to Richard Nixon went to jail ?
1 what kind of organism were in the paleozoic era ?
1 What was the name of Hitler 's unsuccessful attempt to overthrow the Bavarian government in Munich in 1923 ?
0 how do i increase my biceps ' magnitude ?
0 what is the difference between khaki and trouser ?
3 who is the prime curate of australia ?
4 where can i find a list of all the companies in america that offer a direct stock purchase idea ?
0 What are amicable numbers ?
0 why does sound locomotion quicker through water than air ?
5 how many propellers helped power the plane the wright male sibling flew into history ?
5 how much stronger is the new vitreous carbon paper material invented by the tokyo institute of technology compared with the material made from cellulose ?
1 What are different products of petroleum ?
3 who was the second man to walk on the moonlight ?
1 what star-faring race brought about the inhumans on marvel 's earth ?
5 when was the adult 's suffrage amendment ratified ?
0 What should you do for an ankle sprain ?
0 how can i look up someone 's e-mail address on the internet ?
4 What river does the Grand Coulee Dam dam ?
1 What new year is celebrated on February 16th ?
4 What Las Vegas hotel burned in November , 1980 , with the loss of 84 lives ?
0 What causes the body to shiver in cold temperatures ?
4 what is the web address of the list of e-mail code of members of the house of representatives ?
3 name of heroine in `` scruples '' ?
5 How many gallons of water go over Niagra Falls every second ?
3 Who invented the stethoscope ?
3 who released the internet worm in the late 1980s ?
4 what nation 's capital was formed when pesth and buda merged ?
4 what nation covers 8 , 600 , 387 square miles ?
0 What is leukemia ?
3 Who is the richest woman in the world ?
5 how many equal region are there on a scalene triangle ?
0 How do they raise the cranes when building high-rise buildings ?
1 What is the fastest commercial automobile that can be bought in the US ?
1 What was the name of the Protestant revolt against the supremacy of the Pope ?
3 who was the star of leave it to beaver ?
3 what british prime minister and u.s. corporate executive were seventh cousins once-removed ?
5 how many work time of work does it take a typist to complete a 100-page screenplay ?
5 how many spaces follow a period at the end of a conviction ?
5 How old is Bernadette Peters ?
3 who was the prophet of the muslim group ?
5 what are the shoe size of o 'neal , jordan , and mutombo , the nba players ?
5 how many points is a disk in the center opening worth in crokinole ?
5 of children between the ages of two and eleven , what percentage timepiece `` the simpsons '' ?
4 What country offered Albert Einstein its presidency in 1952 ?
3 who 's the founder and editor program of the national review ?
5 how many product did ingmar bergman make ?
0 what causes canker infection in the mouth ?
3 what is the best distance education university or body ?
3 what famous singing ranch hand owns the california angels baseball team ?
5 in what year did joe dimaggio compile his 56-game touch streak ?
3 what south african maker had a 1988 profit of $836 million ?
4 what two caribbean political unit share the island of hispaniola ?
4 What nation boarders Mozambique ?
0 What does the name `` Justin '' mean ?
5 how long was the tv mission of star trek 's enterprise to be ?
4 where was physical phenomenon suey invented ?
4 where did wile e. coyote always get his inclination ?
0 how do you identify prime act ?
5 How many athletes did Puerto Rico enter in the 1984 Winter Olympics ?
1 what commodity on the market is good for hiding facial scars ?
0 what is franz kafka 's short message `` a country doctor '' trying to tell us ?
0 how does the tail affect the trajectory of a kite ?
1 what 's the traditional beverage at the kentucky derby ?
3 What does Larry King do for a living ?
3 what is nicholas cage 's occupational group ?
3 who murdered leno and rosemary labianca on august 1
3 what company makes momentum hardening equipment ?
5 when did mount st. helen last have a major discharge ?
3 who portrayed sherlock holmes in 14 films between 1939 and 1946 ?
5 How long do you have to live in a community to vote ?
4 what island abstraction is guadalcanal a part of ?
2 what 's the form for limited partnership ?
5 how many macule does howdy doody have on his face ?
3 who holds the nfl record for most touchdowns in a season ?
5 how many spirit of ice cream does howard johnson 's have ?
5 how many time period was pitcher , warren spahn , a 20-game winner in his 21 major league seasons ?
4 what south american country won its first world cup soccer championship in 1978 ?
4 what political unit offered albert einstein its presidency in 1952 ?
0 how do movie blues surface work ?
4 what consistency of water does the yukon river empty into ?
5 when was the de beers ship's company founded ?
3 what was the name of the confederate mounted warrior group with which jesse james and coleman younger had ridden ?
5 how many films are made by the major workplace in a year ?
1 what auto race was wilbur reed the first to win three fourth dimension ?
1 what is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as : involuntary movements , twitch , swearing , and incoherent vocalizations , grunts , shouts , etc. ?
4 What natural attractions draw the most visitors in the United States ?
3 What ISPs exist in the Caribbean ?
0 how do they type chinese imaginary being on a keyboard ?
0 how you can raise your iq ?
4 what two country share the khyber pass ?
1 what measuring stick did clinton take to avoid the draft ?
4 what former royal palace has served as a granary , prison , arsenal , leper colony , mint , telegraph station and whorehouse before becoming an art depository ?
0 why did the wimp cross the road ?
5 How many years old is Benny Carter ?
4 what is stefan edberg 's native nation ?
5 what is judy garland 's day of birth ?
0 how does blood ball ?
5 How tall is the replica of the Matterhorn at Disneyland ?
3 what major airline has the best safety record in the worldly concern ?
4 what municipality 's the kickoff point for climbs of mount everest ?
5 how many times a day does the typical person go to the toilet ?
1 name the two mystical raven odin has at his command .
0 What is the meaning of `` CPR '' ?
4 what colorful sea 's region does greek caption say the amazons lived near ?
3 who is currently the most popular singer in the world ?
3 what founder and son won the medal of honor ?
5 when was juvenile labor abolished ?
3 who discovered imaginary book ?
3 who did napolean defeat at jena and auerstadt ?
4 where does the birdcall anything goes take place ?
1 what 's the most popular form of gambling with womanhood in las vegas ?
5 how many penny-farthings are there on a trivial pursuit game circuit board ?
0 how do you measure the heat of the sunday ?
3 Who was the 3rd president of the United States ?
0 How can you become an FBI agent ?
1 what visual property eyes are most sensitive to light ?
1 what is the longest material name , consisting of 35 letters ?
1 Which is a real berry : blackberry , cranberry , raspberry , strawberry ?
3 what actor dressed up as santa claus and had a once-a-class affair with actress shelley winters every christmas for many classs ?
3 Who was Jean Nicolet ?
3 What President became Chief Justice after his presidency ?
4 what city 's the beginning point for climbs of mount everest ?
3 whose old london come-on was : `` buy my sweet shrub '' ?
1 what james michener publication is subtitled spanish travels and reflections ?
1 What four tastes can a human distinguish ?
0 what 's the difference between inattentiveness and carefreeness ?
1 what flag make up a rainbow ?
2 what do the letters zip stand for in the construction `` zip code '' ?
1 what animal was the energy-seeking missile called the sidewinder named for ?
0 what is remembrance day all about ?
5 what are the statistic for drunken drivers in maryland ?
3 name a ballet institution mikhail baryshnikov has danced for ?
1 which is a real berry : berry , cranberry , raspberry , strawberry ?
5 How many presidents have died on the 4th of July ?
3 who was the bandleader intellectual of ella fitzgerald with whom she cowrote `` a_tisket , a-tasket '' ?
0 How do websites like Yahoo and Excite make money ?
4 what new england administrative district covers 5.9 square miles ?
1 what was the name of betty boop 's canine ?
3 world health organization was the conservationist world health organization served as spokesperson for post grape nuts ?
4 where can i find up-to-date coastal ocean open temperature information , preferably along north america and the caribbean ?
0 How did shipyard inspector James J. Kilroy designate equipment as being satisfactory ?
1 what does a specialist treat ?
3 Who was the 16th President of the United States ?
0 what are field consequence transistors ?
1 what is the folklore story regarding birds ' nest and birds in christmas trees ?
4 where did cable motor vehicle first roll down clay street in 1873 ?
0 How was the element calcium named ?
5 when did the royal wedding of prince andrew and fergie take seat ?
1 What oldtime kids ' fare did TV Guide writer Jeff Greenfield call `` one of the most...subversive TV shows in American history '' ?
3 Who famously rode to warn the people of Massachusetts that the British were coming ?
5 in what year did joe dimaggio compile his 56-game hit streak ?
4 kosovo is a province of what nation ?
4 where are some great educational resources for parents and teacher ?
2 what is the form of general motors ?
0 what is the origin of blue for boys and pink for girlfriend ?
3 who was hitler 's curate of propaganda ?
0 how do you do a bibliography leaf ?
4 what u.s. administrative district has the second-longest coastline ?
3 what is the full name of the man who invented the multicolored game cube that has 42.3 quintillion potential combination ?
3 who is considered the first lady of the american stage ?
1 what color are tennis musket ball ?
1 what sport is known for bully ?
5 how many tenths of the earth 's artifact lie under water ?
1 What game 's board shows the territories of Irkutsk , Yakutsk and Kamchatka ?
1 what 1942 spying movie reunited director john huston with maltese falconers humphrey bogart , mary astor , and sidney greenstreet ?
3 name the company that used the course , `` even your best friend won 't tell you '' in its ad ?
0 what is it like to experience a near death happening ?
1 what is the smallest situation seen under the most powerful microscope , and how big is it ?
3 what mystery writer penned `` ...the glory that was greece , and the elegance that was rome '' ?
1 what is one of the communication spoken by the sioux called ?
1 What 1963 Joseph L. Mankiewicz film cost $28 million ?
3 woodrow wilson served as president of what body ?
0 why are there 12 people on a jury in criminal lawsuit ?
5 how many couple of wings does a tsetse fly have ?
3 who is stationed at camp swampy in the comic strips ?
4 where does the tennis celestial body stefan edberg come from ?
0 what effect does clash have on perpetual motion ?
3 what are the imaginary being ' names in the scooby-doo cartoon ?
0 why does cotton get caught in abdomen buttons ?
1 What film featured Shirley MacLaine as a prostitute and Jack Lemmon as a pimp ?
3 what russian master secret agent lived in the u.s. under the name emil goldfus ?
4 what canal does the thatcher ferry bridge duration ?
3 who was the first woman to run the mile in less than 4 36893 minutes ?
1 what are `` darning needles '' and `` equine stingers '' better known as ?
5 How many mountains have been named for Presidents in the continental USA ?
3 which bloom county resident wreaks disturbance with a computer ?
3 who holds the career record for the most major league home streak ?
4 Where can I find the schematics to the windshield wiper mechanism ?
1 what do river fur eat ?
5 what is the chemical sensitivity of helium ?
3 which nba players had new jersey number 0 ?
5 what is the approximate weight of a teaspoon of concern in a black hole ?
3 who was chief engineer of the starship enterprise ?
1 What beer advertised that it had `` three rings '' ?
5 what is the recommended weight of a 15 class-old male that is 5 , 6 ?
1 what was the name of the protestant revolt against the dominance of the pope ?
1 what is the longest english word that can be formed using just the first row of culture on a typewriter ?
0 how do you tell causal agent you like them ?
4 what southern california town is named after a fictional character made famous by edgar rice burroughs ?
3 who killed caesar ?
3 what president served for five time of life , six months and 2 days ?
4 in what municipality does maurizio pellegrin now live ?
2 what is html ?
1 what robert louis stevenson novel was inspired by deacon william brodie , a cabinetmaker by time unit and burglar by night ?
4 what satellite gave bith to superman ?
1 What was the name of Betty Boop 's dog ?
3 name a female illustration skater .
4 What is the largest city on the Great Lakes ?
4 kosovo is a administrative district of what country ?
4 what 's the oldest assets city in the americas ?
3 Who was the king who signed the Magna Carta ?
3 What ethnic group introduced the idea of potlatch ?
3 what chilean president was killed in a 1973 coup d'etat d 'etat ?
3 who said `` the only thing we have to fear is fear itself '' ?
4 what country is located at 13 degrees north latitude and 10 degrees east angular distance ?
4 where can i get piano music for the jamiroquai musical composition everyday for the midi ?
0 what is the origin of the term soda tug ?
5 What fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?
1 What commodity 's shortage was the largest single factor in keeping North American cars off the roads during World War II ?
5 what fraction of a fur 's life is spent swimming ?
0 how can i get someone 's phone number if i only have their surface name ?
1 what helping is the best thirst-quencher ?
4 what islands got their language unit from the spanish baja mar , meaning shallow water ?
1 what movie did madilyn kahn ace in with gene wilder ?
3 who was darth vader 's son ?
1 what 's the no. 1 cause of death in industrialized countries ?
0 what prompted the cobalt-pilot of the enola gay to enter only `` my god '' in his log ?
3 who turned all he touched to precious metal ?
1 what mary tyler moore show regular came into the natural object as tadeus wladyslaw konopka ?
3 What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Steven Craft ?
3 name the five positions who are in the line of sequence to the presidency .
3 Who are the top ten richest people in the world ?
0 What is the difference between a board of directors and an advisory board ?
1 what card plot derived its name from biritch , or russian whist ?
3 what acculturation developed the idea of potlatch ?
4 what london street is the home plate of british journalism ?
4 what u.s. state of matter has sagebrush as its state of matter flower ?
3 who sang the song `` hooked on a feeling '' in the dancing baby episode of `` ally mcbeal '' ?
5 how many people die of infectious disease yearly ?
4 what are the world 's three largest oceans , in club of size ?
0 What is meant by blood SED rate ?
5 what 's a perfect score in a gymnastics effort ?
3 in the past 8 years who have the mvp actor for the nhl been ?
3 who gave king arthur the round table ?
5 how long does it take for your lineage to make one complete trip through the body ?
0 what is the origin of the word `` buffalo wings '' that is used as a menu item in bars across the nation for chicken wings in a spicey sauce ?
1 What film featured a snarly character named Kid Shelleen ?
4 what state has the longest great lakes boundary ?
3 what tv talk-show host lends his name to a line of men 's clothing ?
5 what is the being expectancy of an elephant ?
5 how long does it take the typical hen to lay 19 dozen foodstuff ?
3 who wrote ` the pines of rome ' ?
5 How many chemical elements are there ?
5 what is the average hourly pace of american workers ?
4 where are some great educational resource for parents and teachers ?
3 what tv imaginary being said ; `` one of these days , alice , pow , right in the kisser '' ?
0 why is the moon different size and colors ?
3 what comedienne calls her sister-in-collection captain bligh and her mother-in-collection moby dick ?
0 why is the population flat , if it started by an explosion , shouldn 't it be a sphere ?
4 what is bill gates of microsoft e-mail address ?
4 what former royal palace has served as a granary , prison , arsenal , leper body , mint , telegraph station and whorehouse before becoming an art museum ?
3 who is the monarch of the united kingdom ?
1 what calamity befell the city of dogtown in 1899 ?
5 what chapter of gone with the wind has rhett butler leaving scarlett o 'hara ?
4 where on the internet can i find information on laundry detergent ?
3 United Nations agency was the king United Nations agency was forced to agree to the magna carta ?
0 why did several san diego schools stop serving apple to students ?
3 what onetime member of ronald reagan 's cabinet called federal policy toward indians `` an model of the failure of socialism '' ?
1 what are common methods used to regulate market ?
4 What Asian country once thrilled to the sport of cricket fighting ?
5 What 's the population of Biloxi , Mississippi ?
3 who was the captain of the oil tanker , exxon valdez , involved in the oil spill in prince william sound , alaska , 1989 ?
1 what is the emotion of cockroaches called ?
1 what film had bette davis creating a gossip by wearing a daring red gown to a society ball ?
3 who seized power from milton obote in 1971 ?
5 how many were in group action at the last supper ?
0 why do health professional work on raised floors ?
3 what are the residents of the land of lesbos called ?
1 what has to be produced in a legal document of habeas corpus ?
5 When was China 's first nuclear test ?
0 what is the origin of thank you eminence ?
0 what is the difference between actress cloth and french actress ?
5 when was cigarette ad banned on television and radio ?
5 how far out is the natural object ?
4 what peruvian municipality is home to the mummified body of francisco pizarro ?
5 how much salt is in the ocean ?
1 what frederick forsyth novel chronicles the toppling of an african polity by mercenaries ?
3 what american sergeant lost both of his work force in combat during world war ii and then went on to act in a single movie for which he won two oscars ?
1 what food of the three bear did goldilocks eat ?
3 Who invented the fax machine ?
1 What was the name of the flight that Fawaz Younis hijacked ?
0 what is `` cat scrape fever '' ?
4 where did the wright brothers make their first trajectory ?
4 what are the natural object 's four oceans ?
0 What were the three prophecies the witches make to Macbeth ?
3 What task does the Bouvier breed of dog perform ?
1 in what medium is stuart hamblen considered to be the first musical performance cowboy ?
1 what morris west novel bargain with russian bishop who becomes pope ?
5 what will the indefinite quantity be in the california gas tax by 2000 ?
4 What nationality is Pope John Paul II ?
5 How many names are there for Eskimo people ?
5 what share of all world tornados touch down in the us ?
4 what is george lucas 's e-mail savoir-faire ?
0 what is the deviation between optical and digital video ?
3 what future soviet authoritarian was training to be a priest when he got turned on to marxism ?
4 what city contains the district of hell 's kitchen ?
3 what future deer hunter portrayed annie hall 's neurotic buddy , duane ?
0 Why did the Globe Theatre burn down ?
1 what does a phobophobe concern ?
1 what is a word whose culture can be rearranged to form a different word ?
1 what are the 10 infestation of egypt ?
4 what 's the second-highest mountain in the worldly concern ?
5 how much do infectious disease combatting drugs cost ?
1 What molecules include fluorine , sodium and magnesium ?
1 what was the language unit of aristotle onassis 's yacht ?
3 what is `` the hose built for professional travelers '' ?
3 what little boy and dog live in a footwear ?
1 What non-mechanical sport achieves the highest speeds ?
5 what is the horsepower of the shuttle advocate ?
4 Where is Sinn Fein 's headquarters ?
3 who led the normans to ending in the battle of hastings ?
4 what country contains the westernmost decimal point in south america ?
3 who was the creator of central park ?
4 what country has the largest sheep people ?
1 what late-night tv entertainment features larry , bud , melman and toast on a stick ?
5 what are the highest-paying likelihood on a roulette table ?
1 to get the most caffeine , what pop should i drink ?
3 United Nations agency was the mother of the man United Nations agency would not be king , the duke of windsor ?
4 what adult-made waterways is 1.76 miles long ?
5 in what class did thatcher gain power ?
0 what is the difference between a body and a university ?
1 what is the best-selling television receiver soundtrack of all time ?
4 what four u.s. states have active vent ?
3 what was american people hero john chapman 's nickname ?
3 what company named one of its pen `` the banana '' ?
0 what is the list of proposition 98 ?
1 what is the electronic device used to produce visual displays corresponding to electric communication ?
1 what 's bottled in jeroboam ?
5 what are the unemployment statistic for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
3 who founded the people 's temple commune ?
3 what doctor claimed in a 1946 book : `` there is no such thing as a bad son '' ?
0 What is the chemiosmotic theory ?
1 what william makepeace thackeray fiction was made into a film by stanley kubrick ?
3 who is the president of the spanish government ?
5 how many multitude did randy craft murder ?
4 what are some good fractal network sites ?
3 name of heroine in `` scruples '' ?
5 how many species of elasmobranch are there ?
4 what countries have the best math student ?
4 what is the largest and most expensive freeway structure project in the u.s. right now ?
4 where did sarge steel get his metal extremity ?
5 How deep is a fathom ?
0 how do anti-locking brake system work ?
3 Which member of Charlie 's Angels sang vocals for Josie and the Pussycats ?
1 what article of clothing are tokens in monopoly ?
5 how large is the arctic area to preserve unique wildlife and wilderness value on alaska 's north coast ?
1 name a outdoor game course in myrtle beach .
1 What are the titles of some R-Rated Sony Playstation games ?
3 what internet explorer was nicknamed iberia 's pilot ?
4 where can i find data about touring the philippines ?
4 what city has the world 's longest metro system ?
5 what share of americans own their homes ?
0 why do usa fax machine not work in uk , nnp ?
0 How do you make the color purple ?
1 what creature is the absolute fastest in moving in the world , bird , mammals , etc. , ?
1 what is the routine called for drilling a hole in your skull to acheive a higher consciousness ?
3 what well-known performer is the father of star alan alda ?
3 who was the writer of `` john brown 's body '' ?
1 what color is `` residue '' ?
4 What country is the worlds leading supplier of cannabis ?
1 what disease is transmitted by the anopheles dipterous insect ?
3 what engineer invented the pull-tab buttocks ?
0 why is poop sometimes different semblance ?
1 what incident of 1933 did the german nazis use to justify emergency decrees , imprisoning opponents and vesting more ability in themselves ?
3 What company 's logo is a `` W '' in a circle ?
3 Who was the most famous food editor of The New York Times ?
3 which ventura county police division seized the largest cocaine shipment in it 's history ?
1 what film did louise fletcher win the best actor oscar for ?
1 what soft drink not only has its own video plot , but was featured in its own marvel comic book ?
0 in the song `` yankee doodle , '' why did yankee doodle stick a animal material in his cap and call it macaroni ?
1 what is the folklore story regarding birds ' nests and birds in christmas woody plant ?
0 why do we call someone `` sweetening '' ?
5 What is the date of Boxing Day ?
5 how many time period does a normal human pregnancy last ?
0 What is the highest Roman numeral ?
3 What group asked the musical question Do You Believe in Magic ?
5 How much can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
0 what is so powerful about power bars ?
3 what card institution sells christmas ornaments ?
0 what causes the red in your cheeks when you blush ?
1 what is the largest plastic art in the world ?
0 what was the assertion to fame of king camp gillette ?
5 How many colors are there in the spectrum ?
3 what famous communist drawing card died in mexico city ?
3 who was with patricia hearst the night she was kidnaped ?
3 what culture developed the content of potlatch ?
0 what exactly is the goal of the anteater ?
3 CNN is owned by whom ?
5 how many children under 18 are victims of some sort of physical abuse each class ?
4 what political unit boasts the southernmost point in continental europe ?
5 When was CNN 's first broadcast ?
1 what european race sees the winner of its mountain stage awarded a new jersey with large red polka dots ?
0 what is the origin of the language unit , jj .
4 What country 's national passenger rail system is called Via ?
0 what is an urban caption ?
1 what world war i battle saw 6 , 0 force killed in one day ?
0 what is a glory opening ?
1 what are the four weather ?
4 what two caribbean country share the island of hispaniola ?
1 what beverage is the best thirst-quencher ?
3 what writer-journalist made his mark describing colorful broadway and underworld fictional character ?
5 how many devotion do you shoot from in the basketball game `` around the world '' ?
1 what kind of physical condition is known as plumbism ?
5 how many associate states are in the un ?
1 Mississippi is nicknamed what ?
2 cnn is an form for what ?
1 what is the name of the vaccine for chicken syphilis ?
1 what publication opens : `` at a certain village in la mancha , which i shall not name.. . '' ?
3 what organization 's place of business were broken into at watergate in 1972 ?
5 when did gothic creation and architecture flourish ?
3 who sang the song `` hooked on a feeling '' in the dancing baby episode of `` ally mcbeal '' ?
5 When did the original Howdy Doody show go off the air ?
1 what shrubs can be planted that will be safe from ruminant ?
3 What name did football 's New York Titans adopt in 1963 ?
4 Where is Webster University ?
0 What happened to Answers.com ?
0 what is the origin of the expression `` tout de cortege '' ?
3 what u.s. vice-president once declared : `` if you 've seen one city district , you 've seen them all '' ?
3 what are the first names of rowan and martin , the celestial body of tv 's laugh-in ?
3 what are the defamation of richard nixon 's two daughters ?
4 what is mark mcgwire 's e-mail code ?
3 name the company that used the line , `` even your best acquaintance won 't tell you '' in its ad ?
3 what are the top boy defamation in the u.s. ?
1 what was the taxonomic group of winnie the pooh ?
3 what radio post did paul harvey work for ?
0 How do you fix squeaky floors ?
5 how many people did the united nations commit to help restore order and distribute humanitarian comfort in somalia in september 1992 ?
3 Who created the comic strip , `` Garfield '' ?
3 what italian drawing card had a lifelong fear of the evil eye ?
3 what are the first names of the famous husband-and-wife acting unit of lunt and fontanne ?
1 what is a communication spoken by the sioux ?
3 what did the seven dwarfs do for a experience ?
5 how many groove are on a dime 's edge ?
3 What is Michael Jackson 's middle name ?
5 how many station do you shoot from in the basketball game `` around the world '' ?
3 What mythical figure carries an hourglass and a scythe ?
0 what does the term glory opening mean ?
1 What five cards make up a perfect Cribbage hand ?
4 where can i find up-to-date coastal ocean surface fundamental quantity information , preferably along north america and the caribbean ?
4 what former royal palace has served as a granary , prison , arsenal , leper colony , mint , telegraph station and whorehouse before becoming an creation museum ?
3 who were the picts ?
2 what does the t.s. stand for in t.s. eliot 's language unit ?
4 name the country of giants twelve times the magnitude of man in `` gulliver 's travels . ''
5 what was the u.s. highway death price in 1969 ?
0 how is the new ford econoline van f25 v1 motor ?
1 what war did the wanna-go-home riots occur after ?
0 what is the difference between a introduction and a foreword ?
3 Who 's baby was Sweet Pea on the Popeye cartoon ?
4 What city is wiener schnitzel named for ?
0 what are the dominion to `` snow golf '' ?
1 what terminology is mostly spoken in brazil ?
4 where on the internet can i get chemicals importers ?
4 what was the only political unit in the western hemisphere to join the russian-led boycott of the 1984 summer olympics ?
3 what is a causal agent called that likes fire ?
5 how many inches over six vertebrate foot is the venus de milo ?
0 what is an motor vehicle-commentary ?
4 where can i find detailed message about manchukuo ?
4 where does the opera musician ileana cotrubas come from ?
1 what is a ball made of ?
4 Where in the United States do people live the longest ?
5 how many engines does a boeing 737 person ?
0 what caused harry houdini 's end ?
2 What does Ms. , Miss , and Mrs. stand for ?
3 What New Orleans D.A. claimed : `` My staff and I solved the assassination weeks ago '' ?
4 where can i find the lyric for the song ` getting married today ' from the musical ` company ' ?
4 where are some great educational resources for parents and educator ?
3 what two new york yankee pitchers swapped wives and syndicate ?
3 what daughter of henry viii and anne boleyn became insect of england ?
5 how long would it take for a $ fund bond to mature ?
5 What is the exchange rate for Australian to American money ?
5 what year did rossetti rouge `` beata beatrix '' ?
5 how many people did the united nations commit to help restore order and distribute humanitarian respite in somalia in september 1992 ?
3 who did jackie kennedy administrative unit to write the death of a president ?
3 what famous film and tv ranch hand lent his name to a fast food chain ?
1 what are the diapsid of new england ?
0 what 's the difference and advantages of selecting a super vhs vcr over plain vhs model ?
5 how many beanie baby web site are there ?
3 Who wrote the book , `` The Grinch Who Stole Christmas '' ?
3 what was the name given the 6 , 500 german airforce force that used the spanish civil war as a training exercise ?
5 How deep is a fathom ?
5 How long was the TV mission of Star Trek 's Enterprise to be ?
1 what platform do i need to run a .tbk file ?
3 what actor , who had greatest fame on tv , became the founder of triplets ?
4 what eastern state sprouted the first commercial nuclear quality plant in the u.s. ?
4 what political unit in latin america is the largest one ?
3 what british general surrendered to the colonial military service at saratoga ?
3 Who led the opposition when Konrad Adenauer was Chancellor in Germany ?
0 why are sometimes your work force cold , but the rest of you isn 't ?
1 what 1963 joseph l. mankiewicz product cost $28 million ?
0 how do i find out about activity ?
3 who created the character of scrooge ?
4 what is mark mcgwire 's e-mail savoir-faire ?
5 how many stars are there in big dipper ?
1 what is the word for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?
3 what is the name of the american swimmer who won seven gold award in the 1972 olympics ?
4 what state full of milk and honey was the destination in the grapes of wrath ?
5 how many earthworm are in a single pasture ?
3 what was football celestial body elroy hirsch 's nickname ?
5 how long should a person wash their work force before they are clean ?
1 what is a concern of food ?
1 What religion has the most members ?
5 how many stations do you shoot from in the basketball activity `` around the world '' ?
3 what president dispatched a cabin cruiser to carry charles lindbergh home after his epic flight ?
0 what is the daily prerequisite of folic acid for an expectant mother ?
4 what nationality were the 123 multitude who died in the black hole of calcutta ?
0 how were the life of the week named ?
4 where can i find a review of nightmare on elm street in a product journal ?
3 what firm does madonna advertise for ?
0 how close a relative was franklin d. to theodore roosevelt ?
1 what 's the slowest olympic water sport stroke ?
4 in sinclair lewis ' `` main street , '' what was the language unit of the typical american town ?
4 what mountain lie between the arkansas and missouri rivers ?
4 what eastern state of matter sprouted the first commercial nuclear power plant in the u.s. ?
5 what is the scholar population at the university of massachusetts in amherst ?
1 what is the brand name of chemical ?
3 who is behind the language unit of the harvey wallbanger drink ?
1 what tv series featured neal , a martini-drink st. bernard ?
3 what president had never held an elected position until he was elected to the white house ?
0 how come a toroid has a hole in it ?
1 what types of body of water pollution are there ?
4 what country surrounds san marino , the worldly concern 's smallest republic ?
3 What baseball team was routinely called `` dem bums '' by its frustrated fans ?
5 how many penny-coin are there on a trivial pursuit game board ?
4 What country does Ileana Cotrubas come from ?
1 what birdcall put james taylor in the limelight ?
1 what will a kid eat the center of , and save the chocolate on the outside for last ?
3 who founded the modern theory of probability ?
4 what are the largest breweries in the natural object ?
4 what direction do most ball game pitchers pitch toward ?
4 what sea offprint naples and algiers ?
1 What is the dot on an the letter i called ?
1 what is one of the terminology spoken by the sioux called ?
0 What happened in the city of Dogtown in 1899 ?
3 who is the administrator of the international group called the human genome organization , hugo , that is trying to coordinate gene-mapping research worldwide ?
5 How many different vegetation zones are there ?
1 in the miller lite tv commercial , who is the creature ?
1 what movie featured shirley maclaine as a prostitute and jack lemmon as a pimp ?
4 Tell me what city the Kentucky Horse Park is near ?
3 who was the conservationist who served as spokesperson for post grape nuts ?
3 What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?
1 what was the name of sergeant preston of the yukon 's lead canine ?
1 What is the quickest and easiest way to get nail polish out of clothes ?
0 what is deconstruction ?
4 what country was the mount of you only live twice ?
4 what state produces the best shellfish to eat ?
1 what board game does a `` forest-pusher '' play poorly ?
1 What 's the highest hand in straight poker ?
3 What company started out making pies , and wound up manufacturing plastic throwing toys ?
3 who wrote the godfather ?
4 name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation line system ?
4 what european political unit abandoned postage stamps in 1923 because printing them cost more than their face value ?
5 What is the pig population of the world ?
5 how many rings are there on a five-topographic point archery target ?
0 what does the greek language unit polis mean , as in minneapolis ?
3 whose special bear 's godhead was born on january 18 , 1779 ?
3 who was the only u.s. president to wear a nazi clothing ?
3 What is Alice Cooper 's real name ?
5 when did spain and korea start ambassadorial relation ?
5 how many colors are there in the array ?
5 when was the first successful intuition transplant for a human ?
0 what is a chemical element bond ?
4 What is the most useful site on the Internet ?
5 what 's men 's par on a 455-yard golf opening ?
2 What is HDLC ?
3 who killed more people , hitler or stalin ?
3 what is the language unit of miss india 1994 ?
0 what are belief ?
1 what visual property beans did the ancient romans refuse to eat ?
4 what is the best online activity site ?
1 what does a european wolf spider eat ?
0 how do i get my lan card activated so that it can hook up to another machine without using a hub ?
3 name the woody plant growing company .
3 what political relationy is sinn fein a relation of ?
5 what does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black opening ?
1 what artifact of the atmosphere contains most of the ozone artifact ?
4 what is answers.com 's savoir-faire ?
3 What are the names of Jack 's original roommates on Three 's Company ?
3 who betrayed norway to the nazis ?
3 who should i call to get a tour of the new york stock exchange ?
1 what commodity did william horlick discover and produce ?
0 what is the origin of gametophytic body part ?
3 who was the columbia pictures read/write head who forged actor cliff robertson 's name on a $1 , 000 check ?
1 what was mel gibson 's first product ?
3 what company uses the unfamiliar boldness of its celebrity spokespeople to promote the use of its product ?
1 What playing card symbolizes death ?
3 who gave king arthur the round table ?
4 What 's the capital of Taiwan ?
1 what is the full classification of a lady insect ?
0 what is the point of the word `` sideburns '' ?
3 what american noncommissioned officer lost both of his hands in combat during world war ii and then went on to act in a single movie for which he won two oscars ?
1 What 's the term for any four-sided figure ?
1 in ad 999 , what sort of celebrations , fears , were there ?
4 what do we call the imaginary line along the circus tent of the rocky mountains ?
1 what animal scares people in the film `` jaws '' ?
1 what substance did the three little pigs use to build their houses ?
3 who was the environmentalist who served as spokesperson for post grape nuts ?
1 what was the name of the computer in ` 2001 : a space odyssey ' ?
0 why doesn 't www.statement.com have any statement to my questions ?
1 what was the female sibling ship of the olympic ?
3 United Nations agency was the columbia pictures head United Nations agency forged actor cliff robertson 's name on a $1 , 000 check ?
0 how does a rainbow word ?
3 what famous coach said `` if you can 't beat 'em in the bowling alley , you can 't beat 'em on the ice '' ?
5 how many tree go into paper making in a year ?
5 how many beanie baby tract are there ?
3 what robust u.s. president imported his own instructor after seeing a judo couple ?
4 where can i find up-to-date coastal ocean artifact temperature information , preferably along north america and the caribbean ?
5 how much electricity does the neural structure need to work ?
5 what is the chemical responsiveness of neon ?
1 what did walter huston remove to perform in the movie the treasure of the sierra madre ?
5 How long does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth ?
5 what time period of the year is there no television in iceland ?
3 which of the following multitude is not associated with andy warhol ?
0 What 's the meaning of UOL ?
5 How many Beanie Baby sites are there ?
3 who starred with charlie chaplin in modern times and the great dictator ?
3 what record ship's company produced the 1978 movie the wiz ?
4 where was the largest concentration clique in world war ii ?
0 what 's the origin of the word ` newsworthiness ' ?
1 what is the correct manner to use `` may '' vs. `` might '' ?
0 how did multitude respond to the idea of the first millenium ?
1 What cereal goes `` snap , crackle , pop '' ?
3 who leads the star ship enterprise in star trek ?
4 what is the tallest construction in japan ?
4 what las vegas hotel burned in november , 1980 , with the transferred property of 84 lives ?
4 what city boasts penn 's landing , on the banks of the delaware stream ?
0 what is the point of the word nevermind ?
3 what creative genius said : `` everything comes to him United Nations agency hustles while he waits '' ?
1 what are the religious ceremony accompanying the circumcision of a newly born-child in judaism called ?
3 who said : `` what contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''
3 what longtime game appearance host dropped dead while jogging in central park in 1984 ?
3 who portrayed the title character in the film the day of the jackal ?
0 what do pointed letters mean to a handwriting expert ?
3 who said `` give me independence or give me death '' ?
3 what french designer declared : `` the trouser is the destructor ! it is a dictator ! it is destroying creativity. the trouser must be stopped ! '' ?
3 What famous New York City mayor wrote the hit song , `` Will You Love Me in December as You Do in May ? ''
3 United Nations agency was the lyricist and United Nations agency was the composer between gilbert and sullivan ?
0 what 's the meaning of the latin battle war cry : ad arma , ad arma .
3 what school in the washington , dc nn nn vbp nn nn nn nn .
1 In what deodorant commercial did tenants have adjoining medicine cabinets ?
1 What 's the second-lightest element ?
1 what tom wolfe book is about the mercury astronaut ?
5 what phone amount can i call to have a tree planted ?
1 what is the scotch `` for multitude who know the difference '' ?
4 What city is Logan Airport in ?
5 what is the normal resting heart rate of a healthy person ?
5 How far is it from Phoenix to Blythe ?
3 Who was the first woman golfer to earn a million ?
3 Who is the man behind the pig-the man who pulls the strings and speaks for Miss Piggy ?
3 who portrayed etta place , friend to butch cassidey and the sundance kid ?
3 Who wrote Sons and Lovers ?
3 what mayor made so many tv appearances he was asked to join aftra in 1984 ?
0 what is the difference between hair and animal skin ?
0 what disclosure did alexander butterfield make to the senate watergate committee ?
5 in what year did hitler gain ability of germany ?
5 in 1990 , what day of the time period did christmas fall on ?
1 what is a emotion of machinery ?
1 what are the first and last culture of the greek alphabet ?
1 what did the chinese emperor present to the english soldier gordon in recognition of his services in quelling rebellion ?
3 who won oscars for her duty in gone with the wind and a streetcar named desire ?
3 what athlete makes the most money from sports merchandise sale ?
1 what military action saw a naval battle between the luxury liners cap trafalgar and the carmania ?
1 what kind of motor vehicle did janis joplin ask the lord to buy her ?
4 Where did Hillary Clinton graduate college ?
3 Who wrote Brave New World ?
5 how many logarithmic standard are there on a slide rule ?
5 what is the acreage of the chappellet farm ?
5 how many millimeter are in a mile ?
3 who do herb and tootsie live next movable barrier to ?
0 what is the quality between molecules and compounds ?
5 what is the average cost for four time of life of medical school ?
5 how many more time period of winter are there if a ground hog sees his shadow ?
1 in what movie did steven spielberg 's dog star as the main character 's dog ?
5 in what year was the first document for the pull-tab opener on cans obtained ?
0 what is the poetic meter of blank poetry ?
3 who was the first adult in space ?
1 what oldtime kids ' fare did tv guide writer jeff greenfield call `` one of the most...subversive tv shows in american history '' ?
1 what 's the international broadcasting code word for the letter f ?
3 who was the first woman to fly solo across the atlantic ?
0 Why did the world enter a global depression in 1929 ?
1 what polarity is the water carrier the zodiacal symbol for ?
0 how did the tradition of best adult start ?
0 what does a red flag mean in car racing ?
3 what are the three most successful companies of our fourth dimension ?
1 what harmful material are in bug spray ?
1 What English word comes from the Old French covrefeu , meaning cover fire ?
1 What animals can live the longest without food ?
3 woodrow wilson served as corporate executive of what university ?
3 name pittsburgh 's baseball unit .
0 what is a turnkey written agreement ?
1 what dickens fiction has david carrying the message `` barkis is willin '' to peggy ?
1 What 's the common name for a Japanese dwarf tree ?
0 how is chemical element dioxide removed from natural gas ?
3 what u.s. air force general led the first bombing foray over tokyo ?
4 what municipality is logan airport in ?
4 where can stock certificate be traded on-line ?
3 what body football team did o.j. simpson take to the rose bowl ?
0 what is nuclear growth ?
5 what is the fine for having a pawl on a beach ?
5 What are the odds of giving birth to twins ?
3 who was the lawyer for randy craft ?
5 what are the unemployment statistics for the class 1965 and 1990 ?
3 Which major diamond producer is based in South Africa ?
0 What is a leaky heart valve ?
1 what product opens with an assassin tumbling from the seattle space needle ?
0 what consequence does a prism have on light ?
0 how did workplace inspector james j. kilroy designate equipment as being satisfactory ?
3 what is the language unit of dolly parton 's rarely seen husband ?
3 Who is currently the most popular singer in the world ?
3 who is olive oyl 's brother ?
0 What is the meaning of caliente , in English , ?
4 where are the u.s. office for procter & gamble ?
4 where can i find a person 's address from a telephone amount ?
3 who was the girl in peter sellers 's soup ?
3 who was the author of the book about computer golfer called `` the cuckoo 's egg : tracking a spy through the maze of computer espionage '' ?
1 what is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds heart cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?
4 What country are you in if you woo in the Wu dialect ?
4 in what municipality is the headquarters of sinn fein ?
1 what liquid body substance sport features a movement called a veronica ?
1 what is the predominant coloring material of the tab label ?
3 who was the first taiwanese president ?
1 what leisure or observances are celebrated in italy ?
5 What is the chemical reactivity of neon ?
5 how many inning are there in a regulation softball game ?
3 which of the following actor worked in new york 's yiddish theater ?
3 who taught matt murdock to use his extraordinary ability in marvel comics ?
3 name a french rightist party .
3 who played the father on `` charles in charge '' ?
0 Why was Muhammad Ali stripped of his title and barred from boxing in 1967 ?
3 who was credited with saying : `` i never met a adult i did n't like '' ?
3 what multitalented academy-award-winning administrator failed a college course in motion-picture production ?
1 what 's the only visual property johnny cash wears on stage ?
0 what are quality between 1980 and 1990 ?
0 why did several san diego schools remove apple from students menus ?
3 who created the character james bond ?
4 which political unit is australia 's largest export market ?
4 The Orange Bowl is in what city ?
5 what 's the share of children aged two through eleven who watch ` 'the simpsons ' ?
0 for what reason did the shea & gould law firm close their l.a. place of business ?
5 how many children does ray davies of the kinks have ?
3 who was red grange ?
3 who died 1 vertebrate foot from where john f. kennedy did ?
1 What Italian liner was hijacked in 1985 ?
4 what south american capital is the worldly concern 's highest ?
3 Who won the 1967 Academy Award for Best Actor ?
1 What are the first and last letters of the Greek alphabet ?
1 what astronomical phenomenon takes point in jan. 1999 ?
0 what does the discussion camaro mean , from the gm car the camaro ?
1 What household facility contains a float ball , ballcock , and overflow tube ?
2 what does the form aids stand for ?
5 When was the first practical commercial typewriter marketed ?
1 what are the most albums sold by one creator or band ?
5 how many avoirdupois unit are there in a stone ?
4 Where is Ocho Rios ?
4 What countries have the largest areas of forest ?
1 what is a fear of looking glass ?
3 What 's the nickname of oddsmaker Jimmy Snyder ?
1 What are the first six words of Dickens 's A Tale of Two Cities ?
3 What Catch-22 character is elected mayor of half a dozen Italian cities ?
4 what is the best place to live in the natural object , considering climate , civilization ?
3 who is the director of intergovernmental affairs for the san diego county ?
3 who is the richest person in the world ?
5 how much does a new railroad coal motor vehicle cost ?
3 what comic of tv 's golden age went by the motto `` anything for a laugh '' ?
1 what future product treat was introduced to american colonists in 1603 by native americans ?
1 name four comic strips about pilots .
4 what are the four largest mountain extent in the continental united states ?
5 how many quarts of whole milk is needed to make one pound of dairy product ?
5 how many hummingbird ovums could fit in one ostrich ovum ?
0 what happened in the municipality of dogtown in 1899 ?
3 what author landed a 468-pound marlin without support in the early 193 's ?
4 where are the apartment in saint john , new brunswick ?
4 what is the leading wood and peanut growing state ?
0 what is the point of the word assassinate ?
1 what does a resurrectionist bargain ?
1 what coloring material were ernest hemingway 's eyes ?
4 where can i buy a shot glass on the big island for my daughter ?
1 What 's the largest letter in Salvador Dali 's signature ?
3 what football trainer 's story was told in the movie run to daylight ?
0 what do the defamation andrew and christina mean ?
5 When did Spielberg direct `` Jaws '' ?
4 what attracts traveler to reims ?
4 which municipality in canada is the least-populated ?
3 what major victorian novelist spent as much time working for the position office as he did writing ?
0 how did p.t. barnum legal document the diminutive charles s. stratton ?
5 what 's the score of a forfeited baseball activity ?
0 why are there 12 group on a jury in criminal cases ?
1 what developed a crack in 1835 while tolling the end of u.s. chief justice john marshall ?
1 what meter did shakespeare use in verbal creation : `` to be , or not to be , that is the question.. . '' ?
3 what british female pop singing celestial body of the 1960s and early 1970s was a child actress in the 1940s and '50s ?
5 when was general manuel noriega ousted as the leader of panama and turned over to u.s. assurance ?
4 what is the best place to live in the world , considering environmental condition , civilization ?
5 What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. ?
1 What is `` the soft drink for adults '' ?
5 In South Korea , how many American Soldiers are there ?
5 what was thatcher 's approval rating after 10 class in power ?
0 what are the factors leading to the high teen physical condition rate in spartanburg , south carolina ?
5 how many layers does a vessel of yoo-hoo settle into ?
5 how much medium of exchange are dumbo 's ears insured for ?
3 What author of the Days of Our Lives Cookbook signed on in 198 as Liz Chandler in TV 's Days of Our Lives ?
3 who portrayed prewett in from here to eternity ?
4 where did the maya group live ?
3 who won the first general vote for president held in malawi in may 1994 ?
3 what onetime member of ronald reagan 's cabinet called federal policy toward indians `` an example of the bankruptcy of socialism '' ?
1 what word does a czech use to describe a pole ?
3 what baron boycotted prince charles 's wedding ?
0 what 's the claim to fame of time period watchman frank wills ?
5 How much of the nation 's children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?
1 which of many numbered vats of scotch was judged best by a panel of person in 1863 ?
4 where did the 6th annual meeting of indonesia-malaysia forest person take place ?
3 who gave abbie hoffman his first venereal disease of lsd ?
5 what number of american enlisted person remain unaccounted from the vietnam war ?
0 what is the fiduciary in a will ?
1 what brand of jeans did calvin klein admit in a 1984 interrogation he felt more comfortable wearing ?
5 what seven digits follow the region code in the number for long distance information ?
3 Who is the voice of Miss Piggy ?
3 who invented the material clip ?
3 what was the language unit of the cook on rawhide ?
3 name the poet of the poem which begins : i do not know much about spiritual being ; but i think that the river is a strong brown god-sullen , and untamed ?
0 What is a wart ?
3 who retired with 755 home plate runs to his credit ?
3 what has been the most common christian name of u.s. president ?
1 what card game has change called canfield , klondike and spider ?
0 why doesn 't www.solution.com have any solution to my questions ?
5 how many percussion instrument are in the human hand ?
5 what is the average date when most plaza begin putting up christmas holiday decorations ?
5 what is the chromosome act of an elephant ?
3 name of the lady the great gatsby conifer for ?
4 what country in 1998 had the most killing regardless of population size ?
4 what administrative district capital comes last alphabetically ?
1 What is the correct way to mount a roll of toilet paper ?
4 what nation borders the most others ?
0 What does Ouija mean ?
5 how many eyes does a placental have ?
3 name of scholar on whose literal translations from the chinese and japanese ezra pound depended ?
5 how many fourth dimension a day should you take a prescription marked `` q.i.d . '' ?
5 what is columbia tristar 's earphone number ?
1 in what religion was isis the nature deity ?
0 what was the woof in the first golf balls ?
3 name the ranger world health organization was always after yogi bear .
0 what 's a binary compound funnel ?
1 what product did robert conrad dare people to knock off his body part ?
3 what multitalented academy-award-winning director failed a college course in motion-picture act ?
0 what is occultist hazel ?
1 what are three ways in which weather is created on the earth ?
1 what kind of alcohol is spumante ?
3 Who wrote ` The Pines of Rome ' ?
0 what is the feudal organization ?
4 on what approach is the original saks department store located ?
1 what hymn did john steinbeck get his title the grapes of wrath from ?
3 what womanhood was time 's man of the year for 1952 ?
0 how do you recognize eating disorder ?
3 what famous tattle cowboy owns the california angels baseball team ?
1 what kind of kernel is fray bentos synonymous with ?
4 what state of matter capital comes last alphabetically ?
4 What New Hampshire hamlet rises early to vote first in U.S. presidential elections ?
5 how long is the boundary between canada and the 48 conterminous states ?
3 what doctor of the church claimed in a 1946 book : `` there is no such thing as a bad boy '' ?
1 what 's the no. 1 killer in industrialized country ?
0 Where does the expression `` cloud nine '' come from ?
1 What does the Statue of Liberty wear on her feet ?
5 what is the bovid population of the world ?
5 how many u.s. president were assassinated during queen victoria 's reign ?
3 who said : `` what contemptible villain stole the cork from my lunch ? ''
3 what are the only contestant eligible to score points in roller derby called ?
1 what `` little red car '' is mentioned in pop singer prince 's hit musical composition ?
0 what is physical entity-oriented design ?
1 what 's the most abundant chemical element in the sun ?
1 what is the language unit of david letterman 's dog ?
4 what u.s. administrative district lived under six flags ?
1 what color bottles do good rhine wine come in ?
1 What is the brand name of the chemical daminozide ?
5 When did Rococo painting and architecture flourish ?
3 Who did Doris Day mean when she said : `` I call him Ernie because he 's certainly no Rock '' ?
3 name the blind sculptress in love with the fantastic four 's thing .
0 what is the origin of the typing practice sentence `` now is the case for all good men to come to the aid of their country '' ?
1 What is Dudley Do-Right 's horse 's name ?
0 how do you convert vertebrate foot-pounds to vertebrate foot-inches ?
3 what 1920s cowboy star rode tony the wonder horse ?
4 what two european country entered the war of american independence against the british ?
1 What is a fear of slime ?
3 What Japanese electronics company was named for a coastal city northeast of Tokyo ?
3 Who is buried in the great pyramid of Giza ?
1 in what script can i find the story of aladdin ?
4 what nation boasts ismail 's palace and the palace of king farouk ?
0 What do I need to do to take my dog with me to live in Dominica , West Indies for a year ?
3 Who created Big Ben ?
4 name the country of animal twelve times the size of man in `` gulliver 's travels . ''
3 What former major-league left-handed baseball pitcher was known as `` Space Man '' ?
0 How do you do a bibliography with an unknown author ?
3 who is the current prime minister and president of the united states of russia ?
1 what was franklin roosevelt 's idea for economic recovery called during the great depression ?
3 what is the most common language unit ?
0 How do I write to my Congressman ?
1 what do you call a poker extremity with five cards of the same suit ?
3 who invented the road collection cone ?
5 How many lakes are there on the Earth ?
1 who were john f. kennedy 's dogs ?
1 what literary classic centers on the search for a treasure in gold worth 7 , 0 egyptian pound ?
3 who was chairman of the senate select administrative unit that tried to get to the bottom of watergate ?
3 what former major-association left-handed baseball pitcher was known as `` space man '' ?
5 how many home streak did lou gehrig have during his career ?
0 How do doctors diagnose bone cancer ?
1 what is a concern of odors , body , ?
1 what birdcall did patti page set people dancing to in 1950 ?
3 What monarch signed the Magna Carta ?
3 who won the rugby natural object cup in ?
0 what are the quality and weaknesses of green lantern 's ring ?
0 what is the `` fourth magnitude '' ?
1 what is the term for the side of the natural elevation that faces the prevailing winds ?
1 What is a fear of being cold ?
5 what 's a perfect score in a gymnastics use ?
1 Which mammal lives , breeds , eats , and sleeps underground ?
1 what was the name of the u.s. 's first manned space idea ?
3 which japanese car maker had its biggest percentage of sale in the domestic activity ?
2 What is SVHS ?
0 What is software piracy ?
3 who was the commissioned military officer of the tanker , exxon valdez , involved in the oil spill in prince william sound , alaska , 1989 ?
5 how many more weeks of winter are there if a object hog sees his shadow ?
0 what are the medical purposes of `` ablation '' ?
0 How can I get in touch with Michael Moore of `` Roger & Me '' ?
3 who was the 15th century fire-and-brimstone monk who gained command of florence but ended burnt at the stake ?
4 what famed strip of farming is a 15-minute boat trip across the venetian lagoon from venice ?
5 how many time period larger than life size is the statue of liberty ?
3 who wrote the song , `` silent night '' ?
1 what kind of sport is often associated with attacker ?
5 what is the amount of money owed for illegally having a pawl on a beach ?
1 what is the only primate to lack pigment in the palms of its guardianship ?
1 what is the most radioactive substance ?
3 Who was Maria Theresa ?
3 who are the two son of ozzie and harriet nelson ?
4 what were the first three municipality to have a population of more than a million ?
1 what harmful chemicals are in microbe spray ?
0 why do we call causal agent `` honey '' ?
3 who is considered the first lady of the american stage ?
1 whadeoxythymidine monophosphate 's deoxythymidine monophosphatehe only mammal deoxythymidine monophosphatehadeoxythymidine monophosphate can 'deoxythymidine monophosphate jump ?
3 who is king in alley oop 's home plate of moo ?
0 what is the difference between pop music and natural object and roll ?
3 who is music manager for guidance and control systems at jpl ?
1 what are the two largest bird on earth ?
3 what major league ball game team compiled the best won-lost record between 1957 and 1983 ?
1 what organic fuel do wetland-dwellers use a `` slane '' to cut ?
1 what is ray bradbury 's illustrated adult illustrated with ?
0 where did the condition fireplug come from ?
4 what country was hitler the chancellor of the exchequer of ?
1 what are pushed and coupled in hump thousand ?
3 who is the one independent member of congress ?
5 in what time period was actress joan collins born ?
3 what u.s. general died december 1 , 1945 , when his car collided with a truck ?
3 who is currently the most popular singer in the worldly concern ?
1 what visual property of monopoly properties are landed on most often ?
4 what is the oldest web site on the internet ?
5 what is the average price for four years of medical school ?
5 what calendar month 's third weekend is the monterey jazz festival held on ?
1 What kind of a sports team is the Wisconsin Badgers ?
0 how do they raise the cranes when building high-rise structure ?
3 who was tiny tim 's father ?
5 in what year did ireland elect its first woman president of the united states ?
5 How many dogs pull a sled in the Iditarod ?
1 Name a technique widely used to detect birth defects ?
4 what bordering country is due geographical area of costa rica ?
4 What mountainous region of the world is the Lhasa Apso dog native to ?
3 name the first russian traveler to do a spacewalk .
4 where are the tropical rain forest arrangement ?
3 what was the player 's name United Nations agency played nose tackle for the eagles in super bowl xv ?
3 What was the occupation of Mandy Rice-Davies ?
3 who was the most famous food skilled worker of the new york times ?
1 what concert are held in new york this week ?
1 what is the name of the rare neurological disease with evidence such as : involuntary movements , tics , swearing , and incoherent vocalizations , grunts , shouts , etc. ?
1 what was dwight eisenhower 's favorite card plot ?
2 what is the acronym for the rating system for air travel conditioner efficiency ?
1 what are the first and last letter of the greek alphabet ?
3 what are the first names of rowan and martin , the ace of tv 's laugh-in ?
0 what effect does lsd have on the brain ?
4 what eastern state sprouted the first commercial nuclear ability plant in the u.s. ?
5 how long is the margin between canada and the 48 conterminous states ?
0 what effect does a polyhedron have on light ?
1 what was the coinage of winnie the pooh ?
3 what politics department did the untouchables work for ?
0 how do you get to the circus tent of the eiffel tower ?
4 what are some good fractal web tract ?
5 when was the military action of the somme fought ?
1 What ill-fated craft was captained by Ernst Lehmann ?
3 who made a boat out of gopher wood ?
1 what kind of woody plant graces lebanon 's flag ?
3 who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military joint chiefs of staff ?
1 what is the fear of cockroach called ?
0 why do body of water contain salt water instead of fresh water ?
3 what head of state signed the magna carta ?
0 what is form resistance ?
4 what nation are you visiting if you land at president duvalier airport ?
3 whose acceptance speech act of more than 3 minutes prompted a time limit on academy award thank-yous ?
0 what is the difference between college and scholar school ?
1 what are halloween 's semblance ?
0 What is goldenseal ?
4 where in the united states do group live the longest ?
3 who is the sound of miss piggy ?
1 what was paul bunyan 's ox 's language unit ?
3 What company makes impulse hardening equipment ?
1 what meat complemented sweet potatoes and peas in the first tv meal ?
1 what racehorse won an associated press inquiry as the greatest horse of the 20th century ?
3 what famous husband-and-spouse team did radio ads for blue nun wine ?
4 what 's the language unit of a hotel in indianapolis ?
3 Who shot Lee Harvey Oswald ?
5 What was the U.S. highway death toll in 1969 ?
1 what gaming device were dubbed `` mississippi marbles '' and `` memphis dominoes '' ?
0 how does a small occupationman contact the good humor ice cream company to do occupation with them ?
1 what 's the language unit of the tiger that advertises for frosted flakes cereal ?
5 how many people did the united nations commit to help restore command and distribute humanitarian relief in somalia in september 1992 ?
3 what was called the worldly concern 's largest department store ?
3 what sovereign is satirized in the line : `` the sovereign was in the countinghouse , counting all his money '' ?
5 what is the pennsylvania state income tax magnitude relation ?
1 what kind of poisoning is known as lead poisoning ?
3 who invented `` the muppets '' ?
2 What does the abbreviation OAS stand for ?
3 who appointed the chair of the federal reserve ?
1 what character is a snail ?
1 what two vessels fought the first ocean battle between iron-covered ships ?
0 how does the chain of command work inside an us army apache heavier-than-air craft ?
3 what two us chemist won the nobel prize in medicine in 1992 ?
3 who made the desmellant that claimed that it `` actually builds up resistance to smell '' ?
1 What is after death ?
0 why do multitude get goosebumps when they have something emotional happen to them , like when they hear a beautiful piece of music , or see something beautiful , or get aroused by someone they love ?
0 what is measure theory ?
0 how do you send a movie writing to hollywood so that it can be produced into a film ?
3 what cherokee indian gave his name to a woody plant ?
0 what is polygenic disorder ?
3 who are the top ten richest group in the world ?
4 In What city or state do the most gay men live in ?
5 what fourth dimension does wee willie winkie run through the town ?
5 how many times was pitcher , warren spahn , a 20-game achiever in his 21 major league seasons ?
3 what famous comic comic strip character died of acne ?
5 how many seats does the batmobile mutant ?
1 at christmas time , what is the traditional matter to do under the mistletoe ?
0 what is the origin of the discussion nevermind ?
1 what is a concern of being dirty ?
0 what are the urals ?
5 what is the average life expectation of a male in ireland in 1996 ?
4 where can i find scientific data , `` research papers , '' on artifact engineering ?
5 How many calories are there in a Big Mac ?
4 what people is gorbachev ?
3 Name the blind sculptress in love with the Fantastic Four 's Thing .
0 how did body of water appear on the earth ?
0 What should you yell to hail a taxi in Madrid ?
5 what is the all-time stock high of apple computer , and where can i find this message ?
3 who is coronado ?
0 what are amicable book ?
3 who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
3 who is the one independent member of congress ?
3 who holds the career record for the most major league home runs ?
0 how do you make the coloring material purple ?
3 what chocolate ship's company gives you a one-pound kiss ?
0 why is the development of quad so important ?
3 What onetime member of Ronald Reagan 's cabinet called federal policy toward Indians `` an example of the failure of socialism '' ?
1 name li 'l abner 's favorite indian beverage .
4 Where can I find the names of all the 15 Pokemon ?
1 What 's the International Lawn Tennis Challenge Trophy usually called ?
0 What is a glory hole ?
3 what are the resident of the island of lesbos called ?
4 What is the country of origin for the name Thomas ?
1 what 1966 boob tube bomb took traveler back to prehistoric times ?
1 what is a game equipment that hits the foul pole called ?
3 who is the corporate executive of the spanish government ?
1 which dressing refers to itself as `` real '' dressing ?
0 how does the nintendo `` zapper '' activity ?
3 what tv comediennes 's characters include former movie star nora desmond , secretary mrs. wiggins and a housewife named eunice ?
3 who became president of the united states of the u.s. in 1789 ?
5 what year was the avery dennison ship's company founded ?
3 what was the nickname of hypothesis leslie hornby ?
1 what is the name of the medical condition in which a child is born without a brain ?
1 name a product that controls the ripening of edible fruit .
3 what are the five most popular usenet group ?
3 who is known as `` the natural object 's oldest teenager '' ?
1 name four famous cartoon cats .
5 how big is a baby bald bird of prey ?
3 what video game hero do some of his fan call chomper ?
1 what can i use to remove the stubborn gummed description from some diskettes ?
1 what 's the biggest-selling u.s. cartridge holder aimed at a black audience ?
1 what battlefield sport did dentist william beers promote and write a standard book of rules for ?
5 what is the normal resting heart pace of a healthy adult ?
1 what is a fear of louse ?
5 how many propellers helped power the heavier-than-air craft the wright brothers flew into history ?
4 what country have the largest areas of forest ?
0 what qualifications are there for individuals donating lineage ?
4 what is the largest shopping walk in the world ?
1 What does a heliologist study ?
5 When did the last Americans leave Vietnam ?
3 What former president 's daughter has written a book titled Murder in the White House ?
1 what poem contains the formation , `` grow old with me the best is yet to be '' .
3 Who was the first person inducted into the U.S. Swimming Hall of Fame ?
3 who did doris day mean when she said : `` i call him ernie because he 's certainly no rock '' ?
3 What are Arnold Palmer 's fans called ?
1 what is the first script of the old testament ?
3 what son of a 15-year-old mexican girl and a half-irish parent became the world 's most famous greek ?
3 who is buried in the great pyramid of giza ?
3 which nba players had American state number 0 ?
0 What is a turnkey contract ?
0 how does ultraviolet light damage the dna of skin cells ?
4 what nation did the ancient romans refer to as hibernia ?
3 who did jackie kennedy commission to write the death of a president ?
1 what 1965 product had jack lemmon portraying a cartoonist ?
4 what two country ' coastlines border the bay of biscay ?
1 what instrument is the mythological character apollo most proficient with ?
5 What is the average date when most malls begin putting up Christmas holiday decorations ?
0 Colin Powell is famous for what ?
3 name the two blob associate of the animated herculoids .
5 what season does a hiemal natural process normally take place in ?
3 What feminist wrote Sexual Politics and Flying ?
3 what well-known tv talk show host was a lay clergyman by the time he was seventeen ?
1 what family facility contains a float ball , ballcock , and overflow tube ?
5 how far away is the moonlight ?
3 what cheery companion got the zip code 9971 from the u.s. postal service in 1963 ?
0 what are some child 's rights ?
1 what homerian epic chronicles events toward the goal of the trojan wars ?
1 what 1953 film won frank sinatra a best supporting performer oscar ?
3 what 2th-century american poet wrote a four-bulk biography of abraham lincoln ?
1 what animal 's process is called a brush ?
4 What country boasts Cawdor Castle , Glamis Castle , and Blair Castle ?
1 What was the sister ship of the Olympic ?
4 what was the only nation in the western hemisphere to join the russian-led boycott of the 1984 summer olympics ?
0 What effects do nitrates have on the environment ?
0 how do you find out what is allowed to claim as a contibution for income levy purposes ?
0 Where did the saying `` rule of thumb '' come from ?
3 What was the nickname of Frederick I , Holy Roman Emperor and King of Germany ?
4 what country is the world 's largest importer of brandy ?
3 what barroom evaluator called himself the law west of the pecos ?
3 what was the name of the us heavier-than-air craft pilot shot down over north korea ?
1 What star-faring race brought about the Inhumans on Marvel 's Earth ?
1 Winnie the Pooh is what kind of animal ?
3 who made the musical entreaty be true to your school ?
4 what political unit imposed the berlin blockade in 1948 ?
1 what tv show did john sebastian sing the theme for ?
0 what is the economic impact of unemployment on the system ?
5 what is the average hourly magnitude relation of american workers ?
0 what do contestant try to do when the music stops in a game of musical chairs ?
0 what is a dryness ?
1 what incident of 1933 did the german nazis use to justify crisis decrees , imprisoning opponents and vesting more power in themselves ?
3 who portrayed prewett in from here to eternity ?
4 Where is your corpus callosum ?
3 what actor has received the most oscar nominations ?
1 which side should a bowler hat facing a 37803 split hit the 3-pin on-the left or the right ?
0 how do plants make substance ?
4 what african nation was founded by freed american slaves in 1847 ?
4 where can i get information on the original 13 us colony ?
3 what heavyweight packer was known as the wild bull of the pampas ?
5 How many cards is each player dealt in Contract Bridge ?
1 what was the name of hitler 's unsuccessful attack to overthrow the bavarian government in munich in 1923 ?
3 What U.S. general died December 1 , 1945 , when his jeep collided with a truck ?
4 where can i get u.s. economic statistic ?
4 in which state of matter are the mark twain national forests ?
0 what 's distinctive about a palmiped 's animal foot ?
4 What 's the home of the Rockettes ?
5 What is the chance of conceiving quadruplets ?
1 what 1927 silent film received an international improvement in 1981 ?
4 Where on the Internet can I get chemicals importers ?
0 what does the language unit affiant mean ?
0 how do i log on to residence page at headquarters u.s. european command ?
5 how often are genius cells replaced ?
4 What canal does the Thatcher Ferry Bridge span ?
0 how do you clean badly tarnished brass section ?
5 how long after sexual intercourse does it take to find out if you are pregnant ?
1 what is a good book to read for people world health organization hate to read ?
5 what is the weight of air travel ?
3 who invented the lawnmower ?
4 What is the smallest country in Africa ?
5 in which time period was new zealand excluded from the anzus alliance ?
5 when is dick clark 's anniversary ?
4 what country is kosovo a relation of ?
5 when was the first stained looking glass window made ?
1 what nutrients are for healthy bones and set ?
1 what drink is the best drive-quencher ?
5 how many cards is each actor dealt in contract bridge ?
3 Who killed Caesar ?
1 what are common methods used to regulate monopoly ?
3 which company claimed to be `` the world 's biggest artifact store '' ?
1 Name the only extant trilogy of classical Greek plays .
1 what creature is the absolute fastest in moving in the worldly concern , birds , mammals , etc. , ?
4 What country is home to Heineken beer ?
1 what is a fear of region ?
5 what 's the people of mississippi ?
3 whom does uncle duke 's girl acquaintance , honey , room with ?
3 who held the endurance record for womanhood pilots in 1929 ?
1 what is the condition for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?
3 what director made one silent and one sound interpretation of the ten commandments ?
3 Who directed Citizen Kane ?
4 what is the nickname for the administrative district of mississippi ?
3 What did Andy Hardy 's father do for a living ?
1 what is the discussion for love of pain or abuse ?
4 what california body of water 's largest island is angel island ?
0 why do they call a ground beef a ground beef when there is no ham ?
1 what is a fear of devastation ?
3 who seized quality from milton obote in 1971 ?
3 Whose image is alleged to be on The Shroud of Turin ?
5 What is the average cost for four years of medical school ?
1 what mary tyler moore show regular came into the worldly concern as tadeus wladyslaw konopka ?
1 what animal was the heat-seeking projectile called the sidewinder named for ?
4 what is the leading pecan and peanut growing state of matter ?
1 what is the most popular sports car coloring material ?
1 What is the best way to travel in Japan ?
1 What was Jimmy Durante 's theme song ?
3 what 's japan 's largest motor vehicle manufacturer ?
5 How much salt is in the oceans ?
5 how many times a time period does the american gourd society publish the gourd ?
1 what is the name of the canine on the cracker jack box ?
5 what is the price for aaa 's liability auto indemnity ?
0 what is the difference between a preface and a introduction ?
3 who wrote the night of the iguana ?
0 what is the point of u.s. army sergeant 's stripes ?
3 name of heroine in `` scruples '' ?
5 how many enrollee attend the university of massachusetts ?
3 who makes the `` die hard '' car barrage ?
1 what 's the international broadcasting code word for the letter b ?
0 what are the environmental influences on plant biology ?
0 how do you do a bibliography with an unknown communicator ?
4 what capital is built around monument circle which contains soldiers and skilled worker monument ?
3 what was football ace elroy hirsch 's nickname ?
4 what are all the river in europe ?
3 what `` marvelous '' major-league baseball player is now a spokesman for a beer ship's company ?
3 who said : `` old soldier never die ; they just fade away '' ?
1 what roll of tobacco is `` a whole new world '' ?
4 what administrative district in the united administrative districts covers the largest area ?
0 how do i find the balance of my social security report ?
1 what artifact can you make sleep ?
1 what was the language unit of the computer in ` 2001 : a space odyssey ' ?
1 what 's a `` drinker gasmask '' better known as ?
0 what is cache representation ?
1 what is the shape of a contact sport as stated in the nfl rulebook ?
4 where can i find a list of `` classic '' publication 5th and 6th graders should read ?
4 where can i find message about bob barr , representative from georgia ?
3 who coined the term nn cyberspace `` in his novel nn neuromancer '' ?
0 What do players try to do when the music stops in a game of musical chairs ?
0 what is the difference between a foreword and a foreword ?
0 what is the deviation between a generator and an alternator ?
1 what are the name of all the u.s. navy aircraft carriers ?
5 When was Christ born ?
1 what 's another language unit that means `` knows all '' ?
5 How many times can a nickel-cadmium rechargeable battery be recharged ?
4 In what country is Lund ?
3 what labor leader was last seen in the parking bunch of a michigan restaurant ?
1 what was the orca 's name that died of a fungal contagion at sea world ?
0 how does light travel through the void of space if there is no medium for it to ` wave ' or ` pulsation ' .
5 what time period does captain video live in ?
3 who was the first governor of west virginia ?
5 what percentage of the worldly concern 's plant and animal species can be found in the amazon forests ?
0 what does storm movement mean in japanese ?
0 what do economist do ?
0 how does belle describe her animation in beauty and the beast ?
1 what was john f. kennedy 's 1960 campaign birdcall ?
1 what yield does the ficus produce ?
5 how many revolutions does a standard lp shuffle in three minutes ?
1 What is the world 's best selling cookie ?
0 What is the origin of blue for boys and pink for girls ?
1 What developed a crack in 1835 while tolling the death of U.S. Chief Justice John Marshall ?
5 how many United States liquid unit of paint does it take to paint the golden gate bridge ?
1 What musical instrument did Prewitt play in James Jones 's From Here to Eternity ?
3 what 's the name of popeye 's adopted male offspring ?
0 what is the beginning of the typing practice sentence `` now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their country '' ?
0 how can i give myself a french beauty treatment ?
3 what field hockey team did wayne gretzky play for ?
3 what u.s. legislator once played basketball for the new york knicks ?
1 what are some written record of the phrase `` thank-you '' ?
0 what 's the message of the zoological term ruminant ?
4 What is the US Federal Government website for Standard Industrial Classification codes , SIC , ?
5 when was the first practical commercial character printer marketed ?
5 How many zeros are there in a trillion ?
0 How is digital audio used ?
0 how can i gain entree to a spy satelite ?
1 What is a fear of everything ?
4 What city has the two steepest streets in the U.S. ?
3 who was the conductor mentor of ella fitzgerald with whom she cowrote `` a_tisket , a-tasket '' ?
5 how much money are dumbo 's sense organ insured for ?
3 who was the first black performer to have his own network tv appearance ?
3 Who was the only president to serve two nonconsecutive terms ?
1 what is a fear of parasite ?
5 How long should a person wash their hands before they are clean ?
3 What 's the name of the star of the cooking show , `` Galloping Gourmet '' ?
0 what is the beginning of infinity ?
4 where did the diversion of caber-tossing originate ?
5 what case of day did emperor hirohito die ?
1 what are super musket ball made of ?
5 what is the wingspan of a New World vulture ?
3 what enigmatic u.s. frailty president was once tried and acquitted for treason in a plot to set up his own independent empire in the west ?
0 why do n't you guy have some sort of contest where you ask a question and whoever finds the answers wins a prize ?
0 Why does it snow ?
5 The Olympic Games in which year allowed Nadia Comaneci to become popular ?
5 how many cables support the main duration of the golden gate bridge ?
3 what president once told gene autry : `` please give my respect to your wife dale '' ?
1 What net game sees its women 's world amateur champions receive the Uber Cup ?
0 what are lizard ?
0 What did John F. Kennedy consider his greatest blunder in office ?
1 name a golf path in myrtle beach .
1 Who were John F. Kennedy 's dogs ?
4 what is the greatest hike web site ?
1 what would you add to the clay concoction to produce bone china ?
3 what category of organization is ` last chance for animals ' ?
5 How many small businesses are there in the United States ?
0 what is the deviation between a median and a mean ?
5 what year was the first motor vehicle manufactured ?
0 what is a plant matter ?
1 what is the best way to overcome a emotion ?
1 what category of dog is scooby doo ?
1 what flag is magenta made of ?
1 what is the term for someone world health organization hates mankind ?
3 what english queen had six fingers on one extremity ?
1 What does a farrier put shoes on ?
0 what is agentive role orange ?
0 how can i call a friend in another political unit when i do not know the telephone number ?
0 what is the beginning of boxing day ?
5 what will the california gas tax beryllium in the year 2000 ?
0 how do you find out what is allowed to claim as a contibution for income tax goal ?
3 Who designed London Bridge ?
1 What African animals are known as The Big Five ?
4 where 's the 19th hole on a golf path ?
5 when did gothic art and computer architecture flourish ?
3 who advised listeners to `` see the u.s.a. in your chevrolet '' ?
1 what are the part of polyester ?
0 What is the Immaculate Conception ?
5 What is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?
1 what is a emotion of gravity ?
5 What time of year is air travel the heaviest ?
4 What country was A Terrible Beauty to Leon Uris ?
5 how many url propagation are there ? and what are they ?
1 What Lewis Carroll book introduced Humpty Dumpty to the world ?
3 Who is Edmund Kemper ?
1 what tv examination show left the air in 1975 to the tune of vera lynn 's we 'll meet again ?
1 what bowling ball game began as an east-west contest between michigan and stanford in 192 ?
5 How many states did Richard Nixon carry in 1972 ?
3 who is behind the name of the harvey wallbanger beverage ?
3 what yield-topped actress was known as the brazilian bombshell ?
3 who is the only prime minister of canada to serve 22 class but not necessarily consecutively ?
0 how do i log on to home leaf at headquarters u.s. european command ?
5 How fast does the fastest car go ?
0 how can i get causal agent 's phone number if i only have their screen name ?
5 what is the world evidence for the longest hair ?
4 where did the 6th annual meeting of indonesia-malaysia forest expert take place ?
0 What is false consciousness ?
4 Which country did Hitler rule ?
1 what field sport did dentist william beers promote and write a standard script of rules for ?
5 How many milligrams are in a gram ?
1 What film ends with the line : `` This is Mrs. Norman Maine '' ?
3 which institution claimed to be `` the world 's biggest toy store '' ?
3 what is the viking prince 's first language unit ?
3 what roll of tobacco-chewing comedian observed : `` you 're only as old as the woman you feel '' ?
4 what 's the second-highest natural elevation in the world ?
3 rotary engine motor vehicle were made by what company ?
5 How many spaces follow a period at the end of a sentence ?
0 how would i find the price of different organ that have been donated ?
1 what color are school public transport ?
1 what letter is to the right of k on a character printer keyboard ?
3 what boxer 's being story is titled raging bull ?
0 how do i make fuel brick from recycled newspaper ?
3 what was the player 's name who played chemoreceptor tackle for the eagles in super bowl xv ?
4 what political unit boasts cawdor castle , glamis castle , and blair castle ?
3 who won the 1968 california democratic primary ?
3 which glamorous actress is a close person of dick tracy ?
3 what ivy league school plays its home plot at palmer stadium ?
1 What animals did The Amazing Three masquerade as ?
5 How old is Jeremy Piven ?
0 what is a dangling verb ?
5 what 's the first time unit of the week ?
3 what was the man 's name world health organization was killed in a duel with aaron burr ?
3 what female suspect in the activity of clue is single ?
1 What is a female rabbit called ?
0 What causes tuberculosis ?
3 what was the backup singing abstraction for roy rogers ?
5 When was the battle of the Somme fought ?
5 How many of them are in sub-Saharan Africa ?
0 what are the words to the cd eminem 's , or slim shady , `` my name is '' ?
1 What was a California prayer book to an Old West gambler ?
5 how many educational institution districts are there in the united states ?
1 what turns blue litmus newspaper red ?
1 what did a 16th-century aztec athlete get for putting a rubber ball through a gang ?
1 what british tv series featured emma peel ?
1 What color is an Arctic fox in winter ?
1 what book is the follow-up to future shock ?
0 what causes the symptom in your cheeks when you blush ?
4 what u.s. state of matter boasts leif ericson park ?
3 Who was the president of Vichy France ?
3 what u.s. vice-president of the united states said : `` some newspapers dispose of their garbage by printing it '' ?
1 what diversion event is meyer wolfsheim supposed to have fixed in the great gatsby ?
1 what misfortune befell the city of dogtown in 1899 ?
1 what is the only vegetable that starts with `` ending '' ?
0 how do you ask a total intruder out on a date ?
0 what is proposal 98 about ?
3 name one of the major gods of hinduism .
5 how many gamete cells are in an average ejaculation ?
0 What is the main application of sodium hydrosulfite ?
4 what mountain extent extends from the gulf of st. lawrence to alabama ?
4 where does barney rubble go to activity after he drops fred off in the `` flintstones '' cartoon series ?
0 How can someone become a federal agent ?
0 what is butterfield 8 in butterfield 8 ?
0 how do you get a broken cork out of a vessel ?
3 Who was the Secretary of War in the Civil War during the Battle of Gettysburg ?
3 who sang about desmond and molly jones ?
3 who has won the most super bowls ?
0 what is the secret of the natural object ?
5 how far do you have to streak if you hit a home streak ?
3 what are the names of jack 's original roommates on three 's company ?
5 what is the average date when most malls begin putting up christmas vacation decorations ?
2 what do the letter zip stand for in the phrase `` zip code '' ?
3 what group was formed in 1969 after police met resistance from patrons at the stonewall , a greenwich village person bar ?
4 where can i find a representation of a blue meanie ?
0 shea and gould closed their los angeles office for what rational motive ?
1 what is the largest sculpture in the worldly concern ?
1 what is the longest english word that can be formed using just the first course of letters on a typewriter ?
3 Who penned : `` Neither a borrower nor a lender be '' ?
1 what clue is the water carrier the zodiacal symbol for ?
4 What country is the setting for Edgar Allan Poe 's The Pit and the Pendulum ?
4 What is Stefan Edberg 's native country ?
5 When did Aldous Huxley write , `` Brave New World '' ?
0 how do i find information about rice importers in the world ?
5 how many group live in chile ?
1 the operating instrumentality that runs on ibm-compatible machines is called what ?
3 what are the name of jacques cousteau 's two sons ?
1 What four tournaments make up tennis ' Grand Slam ?
3 what is the language unit of the deranged super-criminal otto octavius uses ?
0 what is the quality between a bottle and a jar ?
5 how many grooves are on a dime bag 's edge ?
4 what is the best hospital for medical science in the country ?
1 What did Jimmy Stewart invent ?
1 what product featured the character popeye doyle ?
1 What did people use to freshen their breath before toothpaste ?
1 names of books by james a. michener set in the following object ?
3 what polity department did the untouchables work for ?
0 why do girls have to wear activity bras ?
4 What 's the world 's longest suspension bridge ?
4 Where did Victor Hugo spend his exile ?
3 what u.s. general officer died december 1 , 1945 , when his jeep collided with a truck ?
3 who invented the spring ?
3 which former ku klux klan extremity won an elected office in the u.s. ?
3 who portrayed `` rosanne rosanna-dana '' on the television show `` saturday night live '' ?
1 What color are the castellated walls of the Kremlin ?
4 where can i find all the message i need to know about the english civil war , 1642-1649 , ?
5 what sidereal day was pearl harbor attacked in 1942 ?
0 what are liver catalyst ?
0 what are the words to the musical composition sung by `` banana in pajamas '' ?
5 what is the exchange pace for australian to american money ?
3 who said `` what contemptible unwelcome person stole the cork from my lunch ? ''
4 what is the largest and most expensive highway construction project in the u.s. right now ?
3 what is pittsburgh 's ball game team called ?
5 what is the chance of conceiving digit ?
5 in south korea , how many american soldiers are there ?
4 what is the oldest ethnological museum in the worldly concern ?
4 what countries have the most motor vehicle thefts ?
1 Which airplane did Fawaz Younis hijack ?
3 who was the first jockey to ride two triple crown winner ?
0 what are manifest and latent function theory ?
3 who invented silly putty ?
1 in which tennessee williams play is one of the fictional character killed and devoured by a mob of starving children ?
3 who was the corporate executive of vichy france ?
4 What famed wall supports the Badaling turret ?
4 What city is graced by the Arch of Titus ?
1 what card activity has variations called canfield , klondike and spider ?
3 Who was President of Afghanistan in 1994 ?
5 how many activity are played in a five-team round-robin tournament ?
1 What are the names of the different toes ?
4 Where can I find the lyrics for the song ` Getting Married Today ' from the musical ` Company ' ?
3 who portrayed fatman in the broadcasting show , `` jake and the fatman '' ?
1 What is a fear of sleep ?
0 what is the beginning of the name igor ?
0 how is physical phenomenon created ?
5 how many student attend the university of massachusetts ?
4 what are the two city in dicken 's `` a tale of two city '' ?
1 what are the 10 epidemic disease of egypt ?
1 what literary classic centers on the search for a treasure in gold worth 7 , 0 avoirdupois unit ?
4 What country was Hitler the chancellor of ?
5 how many trees go into material making in a year ?
4 where can i find message on research being done on oilseeds thru genetics ?
5 what is the change toll of people dying from tuberculosis ?
1 what is the legal blood alcohol terminus ad quem for the state of california ?
3 Who is Dear Abby ?
1 What is predicted to topple over between 2010 and 2020 ?
3 what future deer skilled worker portrayed annie hall 's neurotic brother , duane ?
5 How many innings are there in a regulation softball game ?
1 What is the name of the art of growing miniature trees ?
4 what country 's people are the top television receiver watchers ?
3 who created maudie frickett ?
3 what major league baseball team compiled the best won-lost evidence between 1957 and 1983 ?
0 in the song `` yankee doodle , '' why did yankee doodle stick a feather in his cap and call it dandy ?
5 What was the 1940 annual salary for a boilermaker ?
5 how much can a person be fined for having a pawl on a beach ?
1 what is a good script to read for people who hate to read ?
0 What are my legal rights in an automobile repossession in California ?
3 who did sonny liston succeed as world heavyweight boxing rival ?
1 what is the language unit of the disease that actress hunter tylo 's baby girl has ?
3 Who is Karenna Gore , Al Gore 's oldest daughter , married to ?
0 how do you exterminate bees that are in the walls of your home ? will bee egg remain over winter ?
3 Who killed Lee Harvey Oswald ?
5 what year did montana become a state of matter ?
1 What kind of sports did they play in the years 1642-1649 , the English Civil War time ?
0 what is the origin of the word `` cognition '' ?
3 what was the language unit of the lawyer who represented randy steven craft ?
1 what is the quickest and easiest way to get horny structure polish out of clothes ?
1 what color bottles do good rhine alcohol come in ?
3 Which company that manufactures video-game hardware sells the `` super system '' ?
1 name an american made motor vehicle .
1 name a product that has won the golden bear in the berlin product festival ?
1 What is widely used to detect birth defects ?
4 what country is the natural object 's largest importer of cognac ?
3 in what high-risk enterprise venture did jimmy the greek bet and lose ?
1 what is the best selling computer exemplar ever ?
1 what color is an arctic fox in season ?
0 what is the proof that plant metabolize carcinogens ?
0 how effective are contraceptive in protecting against aids ?
3 what comedian upstaged dwight d. eisenhower 's first inauguration by giving birth to her first child ?
5 How many people in the USA say their number one source of information is the newspaper ?
3 who portrayed the cowardly lion in the wizard of oz ?
0 where did the saying `` rule of ovolo '' come from ?
5 In what year did China and the Republic of Korea establish diplomatic relations ?
4 what is the web address of the list of e-mail address of members of the house of representatives ?
1 what was the language unit of the famous battle between texas and mexico ?
1 what format was vhs 's main business relation ?
3 name a south african baseball diamond producer ?
4 what country has the best defensive position in the board activity diplomacy ?
3 name the constitution that is presided by a security council .
0 what is an model of an actual case of using the fourteenth amendment ?
3 what task does the bouvier breed of canine perform ?
0 shea and gould closed their los angeles position for what reason ?
0 How do you get dates with the `` Hooters '' girls ?
1 what word occurs 46 , 227 fourth dimension in the bible ?
1 What powdered soft drink mix went into space ?
1 what are the 7 nonfiction of the constitution ?
4 what nation 's people are the top television watchers ?
0 what is material in food ?
4 What country saw the origin of the Asian Flu ?
1 What 's a Craps player called ?
5 what are the shoe sizes of o 'neal , jordan , and mutombo , the nba contestant ?
5 on average , how many miles are there to the moonlight ?
4 what russian municipality used to be called st. petersburg and petrograd ?
0 what facial feature typically contains about 55 body covering ?
3 Who was President Cleveland 's wife ?
5 by how much will the california administrative district gas tax rise by the year 2000 ?
0 what is the difference between a average and a mean ?
0 What is Australia Day ?
3 what telegram network bills itself as `` the family entertainer '' ?
0 What is a portal ?
5 how many home plate runs did babe ruth hit in his lifetime ?
3 who are woody woodpecker 's niece and kinsman ?
3 who was jane goodall ?
0 what is meant by the term `` yield to adulthood '' in reference to bonds ?
1 what was the name of the game equipment game played by the mayans ?
0 What causes rust ?
5 what is the time it takes a employee to type a screenplay that is 100 pages long ?
5 how many u.s. corporate executive were assassinated during queen victoria 's reign ?
5 what sidereal day is known as the `` national sidereal day of prayer '' ?
3 what did andy hardy 's father do for a experience ?
1 What were popular songs and types of songs in the 1920s ?
4 What U.S. state comes last in an alphabetical list ?
3 What camera company said , `` If you haven 't got the time , we 've got the camera ? ''
5 what is the people of kansas ?
1 what are other structure of getting stretch marks besides pregnancy , weight loss , and weight lifting ?
3 who invented the pull-bill opener on cans ?
3 who does data collection in tourism ?
2 what is ram in the calculator ?
5 on average , how long case does it take to type a screenplay ?
1 what is the smallest thing seen under the most powerful magnifier , and how big is it ?
5 what time unit is known as the `` national time unit of prayer '' ?
5 how many president are shown in vincent van gogh 's 188 work the artist 's room in arles ?
5 how long is the coney island walk ?
1 what is the legal blood beverage limit for the state of california ?
0 How do I change a file from an ART file to a JPEG or Bitmap file ?
0 what is the beginning of the word `` mind '' ?
5 in what time period was de gaulle elected president of france ?
1 What Mary Tyler Moore Show regular came into the world as Tadeus Wladyslaw Konopka ?
4 what construction appropriately enough is depicted on the back of the 1-dollar bill ?
1 In what ways did Ivan IV support Russian expansion ?
3 what democratic prankster waved the string out of the station while richard nixon spoke from the caboose ?
0 what makes fathercorn father ?
0 How do you measure the heat of the sun ?
1 what are the developmental stages of a athlete ?
0 how does crosstalk relate to insb thickness in infrared device ?
1 names of script by james a. michener set in the following locations ?
0 Why is the moon different sizes and colors ?
3 which japanese car maker had its biggest percentage of sale in the domestic marketplace ?
1 what are the most medium sold by one artist or band ?
1 where does your body covering grow the fastest ?
0 How do you clean up a cache ?
1 What is `` the great American family cereal '' ?
4 what german municipality do italians call the monaco of bavaria ?
5 how many more weeks of winter are there if a ground hog sees his apparition ?
0 how did people respond to the theme of the first millenium ?
5 how many horses are there on a traveler team ?
5 when was the women 's suffrage correction ratified ?
4 what nationality were the 123 people United Nations agency died in the black hole of calcutta ?
4 where are the housing in saint john , new brunswick ?
3 who wrote brave new world ?
4 what southwestern state of matter is dubbed the silver state of matter ?
5 what is the chromosome amount of an elephant ?
3 who monoxide-starred with julie andrews in mary poppins ?
0 how do windmill work ?
5 how many frames does a disk photographic equipment shoot ?
0 why is black the visual property of mourning in the west ?
0 What do I have to do to get good grades in school ?
4 What constellation contains the twins Castor and Pollux ?
3 Who was Charles Lindbergh 's wife ?
0 how do i stop background noise in a car reproducer ?
3 What army was founded by William Booth and his wife Catherine ?
1 winnie the pooh is what category of animal ?
4 in what state was there an 11 million gallon oil spillway ?
4 What country did the Romans call Hibernia ?
4 what states do not have state financial gain tax ?
3 What kind of company is 7-Eleven ?
3 who was the most famous substance editor of the new york times ?
0 Where did the term `` 86ed '' come from ?
3 what is the name of the woman world health organization was with john belushi when he died ?
4 which area produces the least acidic chocolate ?
1 what are some good exercises for kid to do ?
1 what piece of jewelry is pictured on monopoly 's luxury tax quad ?
3 who did the seven mules blocking for ?
1 what famed tennis tournawork forcet 's work force 's singles title was fred perry the last englishman to win ?
1 what 1942 espionage movie reunited administrator john huston with maltese falconers humphrey bogart , mary astor , and sidney greenstreet ?
1 what are the best ways to improve employee morale at low outgo ?
3 who wrote the poem that starts `` i love your lips when they 're wet with wine and loss with a warm desire '' ?
0 why do oceans contain salt body of water instead of fresh body of water ?
4 What New England state carries the telephone area code 27 ?
1 What format was the major competition of VHS ?
4 Where can I find a world atlas map online at no charge ?
0 what does the dot on the document i mean ?
1 What 1942 espionage movie reunited director John Huston with Maltese Falconers Humphrey Bogart , Mary Astor , and Sidney Greenstreet ?
3 what writer-journalist made his mark describing colorful broadway and underworld imaginary being ?
1 what does the proficiency called `` cold fusion '' produce ?
5 what is the frequency of vhf ?
3 who thought he 'd never see a poem lovely as a woody plant ?
0 how can i find out which cities have cable television-modem access ?
5 how many atmosphere does baskin & robbins offer ?
3 who was bonnie blue butler 's father ?
4 Where did he get the title ?
1 what soft drink not only has its own video game , but was featured in its own marvel comic publication ?
4 what african country was founded by freed american person in 1847 ?
4 What 's the world 's largest cathedral ?
3 what national basketball association ace told his story in giant steps ?
1 what leoncavallo opera features a introduction by a clown ?
1 what 's the most popular contact lens coloring material ?
3 who gave king arthur the round array ?
3 who followed willy brandt as cabinet minister of the federal republic of germany ?
5 how much medium of exchange can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
5 what magnitude relation of children of ages between two and eleven watch ` the simpsons ' ?
0 what is a donor ?
4 What countries does the Mont Blanc Tunnel join ?
1 what non-mechanical sport achieves the highest focal ratio ?
4 where can i find the defamation of all the 15 pokemon ?
3 who took over as musician of the boston pops after arthur fiedler 's long reign ?
5 in which time period was the cartoon character chilly willy created ?
3 who developed the first polio immunogen ?
4 what landmass pushes up the executive committee mountain range ?
5 how long after intercommunication does it take to find out if you are pregnant ?
3 what kind of enterprise is 7-eleven ?
3 what catch-22 fictional character is elected mayor of half a dozen italian cities ?
5 on which day is the ukrainians ' christmas ?
1 What did Louis Cartier invent for aviator Santos Dumont in 1940 ?
3 What Dynasty star made her 2th Century-Fox debut in The Virgin Queen ?
4 where can i get a complete list of showtimes in my area ?
4 What county is Chicago in ?
3 Whose cupboard was bare ?
0 what is a leaky kernel valve ?
0 how can i find a list of celebrities ' real name ?
3 name randy craft 's lawyer .
3 what is the name of actor rex harrimale offspring 's male offspring , who starred in a modestly popular tv show during the late 1960's ?
0 how is solid made ?
0 how can i determine the radius of an conic section ?
4 what state of matter is john f. kennedy buried in ?
0 how do i find the balance of my social safety account ?
3 what british monarch 's lick did p.t. barnum 's tom thumb sit in ?
1 what was franklin roosevelt 's platform for economic recovery called during the great depression ?
5 how far is the longest opening in 1 on any golf course and where did it happen ?
3 who played for the chicago bears , houston oilers and oakland raiders in a 26-year pro football career ?
1 what household facility contains a float ball , regulator , and overflow tube ?
3 who wrote the godfather ?
2 what is ioc an form of ?
5 how much is a canadian 1967 twenty dollar gold coin indefinite quantity ?
3 Who was the inventor of silly putty ?
3 who invented the vacuum cleaner ?
4 which large u.s. city had the highest homicide rate for 1988 ?
5 what century 's the setting for tv 's the adventures of robin hood ?
3 what firm does madonna advertise for ?
0 why were the american soldier in wwi called `` doughboys ''
5 what seven digits follow the sphere code in the number for long distance information ?
5 What year did the first issue of `` Playboy '' come out ?
3 In Dana 's `` Two Years Before the Mast , '' what seafarers lived in an abandoned oven on the beach at San Diego ?
5 what time period did spielberg make `` jaws '' ?
4 Where can I buy movies on videotape online ?
0 How can anyone tell if a female had sexual intercourse ?
1 the trial resulting from world war ii are known as what ?
0 What will a compass do in outer space ?
5 how many american performers were nominated for the best performer oscar for 1983 ?
1 what coloring material are tennis balls ?
5 what 's the american dollar cognition for 8 pounds in the u.k. ?
5 what is the world record for the longest body covering ?
0 What good are mosquitoes ?
1 what is the one thing you need before you can purchase life security ?
2 what is the correct way to abbreviate cc. at the bottom of a occupation letter ?
4 Where are diamonds mined ?
3 Who created `` The Muppets '' ?
0 how does a chicken breathe inside an egg ?
0 what is the beginning of `` beauty is in the eye of the beholder '' ?
0 how do you buy stock certificate ?
5 how many head injuries are there in recreational methamphetamine skating each year ?
3 what company 's trademark is a `` w '' in a circle ?
3 who was the star of the 1965 broadway hit golden boy ?
1 what shakespearean dramatic composition featured shylock ?
1 what is the greatest point of `` white '' magic in the marvel universe ?
3 what american won the natural object grand prix driving championship in 1978 ?
3 what costume architect decided that michael jackson should only wear one glove ?
1 what is the language unit of a salt lake city newspaper ?
3 what south african manufacturer had a 1988 profit of $836 million ?
4 what ocean did the titanic sinkhole in ?
4 What German city do Italians call The Monaco of Bavaria ?
0 how do you exterminate hymenopterous insect that are in the walls of your home ? will bee eggs remain over winter ?
1 What gaming devices were dubbed `` Mississippi marbles '' and `` Memphis dominoes '' ?
1 what are nail made of ?
1 what password in the english have two u 's back to back ?
1 Which Beatles disc cover honors the Rolling Stones ?
3 who was the lyricist and who was the musician between gilbert and sullivan ?
1 what animal did the amazing three masquerade as ?
0 what is the purpose of a motor vehicle bra ?
4 what 's the name of the temple that is located near the assets city of laos ?
1 what was the language unit of the `` little rascals '' dog ?
4 what are tourist attractions in reims ?
1 at christmas time , what is the traditional situation to do under the mistletoe ?
5 how many years do oldster take to form ?
1 What 's the shape of a camel 's spine ?
3 who was the founding member of the pink floyd isthmus ?
4 what three european countries begin with the letter a ?
5 what is the most number of goals scored by a single team in an nhl field hockey game ?
1 what interesting method was used to run the acknowledgment in the early popeye cartoons ?
5 how many `` eyes '' does a food have ?
0 what is the point of the city `` corpus christi '' ?
4 where can i find scientific datum , `` research papers , '' on textile engineering ?
1 what 's the highest possible command in contract bridge ?
1 On which flight did Fawaz Younis commit air piracy and hostage taking ?
1 what is a fear of substance ?
1 what hide-and-seek activity is played around a tin can ?
3 what does larry king do for a animation ?
3 Who wrote ` Dubliners ' ?
3 who was presiding officer of the senate select committee that tried to get to the bottom of watergate ?
3 who died with more than 1 , 000 u.s. patents to his credit ?
1 What Hermann Hesse book gave its name to a rock group ?
3 who was the author of the publication about computer hackers called `` the cuckoo 's egg : tracking a spy through the maze of computer espionage '' ?
5 When are the Oscars Academy Awards in 1999 ?
3 whose biography is titled yes i can ?
3 who is the man behind the pig-the man who pulls the strings and speaks for miss piggy ?
0 what is the infectious agent hiv ?
1 what is a fear of strong luminosity ?
5 how many lakes are there on the earth ?
1 what 's the highest-ranking lawsuit in bridge ?
4 what is the worldly concern 's highest peak ?
3 who was garrett morgan married to ?
1 what type of substance makes you fat ?
3 who took the toys donated for the doodyville orphans ' fund and kept them for himself ?
1 what credit paper features a centurion on its face ?
3 who came up with the name , el nino ?
0 what is the use of a 24-hour timepiece instead of a 12-hour timepiece ?
1 what vacation are celebrated in ireland ?
3 what professional work for the center for the defense of free enterprise ?
3 what circuit board company sells christmas ornaments ?
3 what was the player 's language unit who played nose tackle for the eagles in super bowl xv ?
3 who graced the airwaves with such bone as `` do ya lo-o-ove me ? get naked , baby ! '' ?
5 how much of the ground 's surface is permanently frozen ?
4 which city has the oldest relation as a sistercity with los angeles ?
3 What is the name of the woman who was with John Belushi when he died ?
0 what is the origin of the condition `` buffalo wings '' that is used as a menu item in bars across the nation for chicken wings in a spicey sauce ?
5 how many names are there for eskimo group ?
0 what do actor try to do when the music stops in a game of musical chairs ?
3 Who lived on the shores of the Gitchee Gumee River ?
5 how much did varian associates try to sell its void products division to the boc group for ?
5 what is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 multitude will have the same birthday ?
1 what tv entertainment premiered on january 15 , 1981 ?
3 Who was Jinnah ?
3 who is archie bunker 's male offspring-in-law ?
0 what is software highjacking ?
3 who was the first actress to appear on a postage stamp ?
5 When is President Nixon 's birthday ?
5 when will the time period officially begin ?
4 what municipality is served by logan international airport ?
1 what tv quiz show left the air in 1975 to the tune of vera lynn 's we 'll meet again ?
3 who banned peter rose from baseball for betting on games ?
3 who was the second adult to walk on the moon ?
1 Name the vessel used by the Atari Force in the DC comics .
5 how many group have been captain america ?
1 name a medical science commonly used to combat aids ?
5 When was Florida admitted into the Union ?
3 who played the title role in the romantic englishwoman ?
3 who plays the cop in the movie `` kindergarten cop '' ?
4 where are there person ?
1 name the soft drink that is `` act one in the sun . ''
1 what type of effort burns the most calories ?
3 what u.s. president showed a fondness for munching on bee spore bars ?
1 In the Miller Lite TV commercial , who is the creature ?
3 who portrayed george m. cohan in 1942 's yankee doodle dandy ?
1 what 's an child seal called ?
0 what problems contributed to the high failure rate of plains creator in the 1800s ?
4 what country is the worlds leading businessperson of cannabis ?
4 what political unit did the romans call hibernia ?
0 What is the difference between fatalism and determinism ?
5 How many thousands of students attend the University of Massachusetts ?
3 who took over as conductor of the boston pops after arthur fiedler 's long reign ?
4 what is the most important nation in the natural object , historically ?
1 what series of trial followed world war ii ?
1 what animal received royal agreement as an emblem of canada on march 24 , 1975 ?
0 What effect does LSD have on the brain ?
3 who was the pride of the yankees ?
3 what abstraction was formed in 1969 after police met resistance from patrons at the stonewall , a greenwich village gay bar ?
0 why do force snore ?
0 What happened during the Blackhawk Indian war of 1832 ?
3 what comedian was banned from the ed sullivan entertainment for allegedly making an obscene gesture at the entertainment 's host ?
3 what singer became despondent over the death of freddie prinze , quit show enterprise , and then quit the enterprise ?
0 What is usenet for the Internet ?
5 What is the chemical reactivity of argon ?
5 How old is Britney Spears ?
5 what share of the world 's plant and animal species can be found in the amazon forests ?
4 where did woodstock take point ?
5 how long do you have to pay back debt after claiming chapter 11 failure ?
1 what 's known as the queen of drinks ?
3 what president hit the jogging paths to enhance his athletic image and , sporting no. 39 , almost collapsed during the road race ?
5 when was the womanhood 's suffrage amendment ratified ?
1 What is a ball that hits the foul pole called ?
0 what are my legal rights in an automobile recovery in california ?
5 how many degrees refrigerator is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
1 jude law acted in which movie ?
3 who was scrooge 's dead partner in dickens 's a christmas carol ?
5 how many characters are in the chinese character set ?
5 how many property cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
1 what are some point for building a fire in a fireplace ?
1 what is a concern of hair ?
1 what tom wolfe script is about the mercury astronauts ?
3 What boxer 's life story is titled Raging Bull ?
5 how many times can a nickel-cadmium rechargeable artillery be recharged ?
4 What countries have the highest ratio of university students ?
3 what actor learned to play the saxophone and speak russian for a role in a product ?
5 approximately how much does a teaspoon of topic weigh in a black hole ?
1 what is the fear of dictyopterous insect called ?
5 how many names are there for eskimo multitude ?
1 what are the top 5 fiction publication of all time ?
1 which two products use a tiger as their signal ?
3 what piano ship's company claims its product is the `` instrument of the immortals '' ?
1 what is the world 's deadliest infectious illness ?
3 who has more dna - a man or a woman ?
4 What islands got their name from the Spanish baja mar , meaning shallow water ?
5 what is the chemical sensitivity of neon ?
4 What city is terrorized by Dracula in The Night Stalker ?
1 What is a fear of drinking ?
3 Who are the two sons of Ozzie and Harriet Nelson ?
3 who said : `` soldiers win the battles and general officer get the credit '' ?
2 what does vcr stand for ?
0 how can scientist predict weather by observing clouds ?
3 What Italian leader had a lifelong fear of the evil eye ?
5 what season is the setting for shakespeare 's midsummer night 's dream ?
5 what is the body number of an elephant ?
3 what 19th-century communicator had a country estate on the hudson dubbed sunnyside ?
1 what food did marco polo introduce into italy from the assembly of kubla khan ?
0 What are Maid-Rites ?
1 what are the first and last letters of the greek rudiment ?
5 how long does it take for spider-man 's network to evaporate ?
1 What car was driven in the 199 release of `` Smokey and the Bandit '' ?
1 what coloring material are the castellated walls of the kremlin ?
5 what chapter of gone with the wind has rhett butler leaving scarlett o 'hara ?
0 hchemical elementw did the jack-chemical element '-lantern get it 's name ?
0 what is the explanation of cecum ?
1 What alloy do copper and tin form ?
1 what shakespearean looseness featured shylock ?
1 name a product that the actress , sandra bullock , had a role in .
3 who is the corporate executive of bolivia ?
0 what data can you get me on fairground park in st. louis
5 How many inches over six feet is the Venus de Milo ?
5 how many change does a standard lp make in three minutes ?
3 Who was Garrett Morgan married to ?
4 the orange bowl is located in what municipality ?
5 how many animal foot are there in a fathom ?
3 who played the title role in the romantic englishwoman ?
4 what european country abandoned postage stamps in 1923 because printing them cost more than their face numerical quantity ?
4 where can an individual get a interaction lens tested that burned the entire surface of eye when new ?
0 why are sometimes your hands cold , but the remainder of you isn 't ?
4 where can i find the history of the taiwanese communication ?
1 what metric linear unit did shakespeare use in writing : `` to be , or not to be , that is the question.. . '' ?
0 how do mill work ?
0 what is a bone connective tissue transplant ?
4 what ocean did the romans call mare nostrum ?
0 why do people get goosebumps when they have something emotional happen to them , like when they hear a beautiful piece of music , or see something beautiful , or get aroused by causal agent they love ?
5 how many time period a year does the american gourd society publish the gourd ?
3 who was the 16th president of the united states ?
3 who were the `` filthiest group alive ? ''
5 How much would it cost to purchase a 2-foot-square party tent , with sides , ?
3 who produces spumante ?
1 what is a emotion of going to bed ?
3 Who said : `` Soldiers win the battles and generals get the credit '' ?
1 what 's the most popular word of gambling with women in las vegas ?
5 what seven integer follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
4 what is the u.s. location of procter & gamble corporate place of business ?
3 who was the first black performer to have his own network tv show ?
5 How many feet are there in a fathom ?
3 who was the 3rd corporate executive of the united states ?
3 what storehouse does martha stewart advertise for ?
5 How far away is the moon ?
0 what are the twin cities ?
3 what football coach 's story was told in the product run to daylight ?
3 what pulitzer prize-winning writer ran for mayor of new york city ?
1 what four preference can a human distinguish ?
3 what institution produces spumante ?
1 Which hair care product told us `` hate that gray , wash it away '' ?
0 why do heavier objects locomotion downhill faster ?
3 what is the best distance activity university or college ?
4 where did dikembe mutombo go to body ?
4 What town was the setting for The Music Man ?
4 what state of matters do not have state of matter income tax ?
5 What is the length of border between the Ukraine and Russia ?
3 what did the seven dwarfs do for a animation ?
5 what is the weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black trap ?
1 what is the disk on an the letter i called ?
3 what member of the little rascals has an on-again , off-again smasher in darla hood ?
0 what is the difference between actress cloth and french actress ?
1 what are some manner to help someone with chicken pox ?
3 what actor learned to play the sax and speak russian for a role in a movie ?
3 which ship's company created the internet browser mosaic ?
1 What is the former name of Zimbabwe ?
1 Which sex is twice as likely to contract leprosy ?
5 how many time of life did it take james joyce to write ulysses ?
3 name the person United Nations agency burst through the screen in the lite beer commercials .
0 What are the lyrics to the Star Spangled Banner ?
4 which city has the oldest kinship as a sistercity with los angeles ?
3 Who is Charles Lindbergh ?
1 What animal has the best hearing ?
1 What film did Louise Fletcher win the best actress Oscar for ?
0 How do you use an intranet ?
3 what 4-foot-9 actor in 1984 became the first performer to win an oscar for playing a character of the opposite sex ?
5 approximately how much does a teaspoon of concern weigh in a black hole ?
3 what woman has carried the most multiple births , twins , three , etc. , ?
0 what are a ball game team 's firemen ?
1 what 's an easy manner to count the approximate number of fish in a lake ?
3 What radio station did Paul Harvey work for ?
1 What overalls are named for Dungri , a suburb of Bombay ?
0 how did the hohenzollerns build their quality around 17 ?
4 where did the 6th annual meeting of indonesia-malaysia forest experts take point ?
4 what 's the assets of iowa ?
3 what green bay packers coach philosophized : `` there 's nothing that stokes the fire like emotion '' ?
0 What is tyvek ?
1 What is the belt of low pressure around the equator called ?
3 what was the name of the lawyer world health organization represented randy craft ?
1 what culture medium is stuart hamblen the first singing cowboy in ?
3 who domesticated the wild turkey ?
1 what ordering of trials followed world war ii ?
4 The Kentucky Horse Park is close to which American city ?
4 what land has a park called the battery at is southern tip ?
5 when was china 's first nuclear examination ?
1 What kind of education would you need to become an athletic trainer for the NFL ?
5 what is the average hours per months spent online by aol person ?
0 what is the difference between a board of film director and an advisory board ?
0 What is the origin of the first name ` Breony ' ?
0 what is swap mathematics ?
1 what card game can feature dealer 's decision making ?
1 what was the killer whale who died at sea world of a fungal contagion named ?
1 what common livestock have the greatest assortment of breeds ?
3 who makes poultry `` finger lickin '' good ?
3 Who owns CNN ?
1 what william styron script is about a black preacher who leads a slave revolt ?
1 Name the four stories contained in Edith Wharton 's `` Old New York . ''
1 what is the dot on an the document i called ?
1 what j.r.r. tolkien publication features bilbo baggins as the central character ?
1 in order from the top , the four badge on a can of pepsi are what colors ?
0 why didn 't european resident rule spread until after the first and second industrial revolutions ?
1 what is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual transferred property of movement in the body ?
4 what u.s. administrative district is fort knox in ?
3 what architect originated the glass house designed the chicago federal center had a philosophy of `` less is more , '' and produced plans that were the person of the california ranch house ?
5 how many e-commerce companies are started every sidereal day ?
0 how did asia get its language unit ?
1 which of many numbered vats of scotch was judged best by a panel of expert in 1863 ?
5 What is the gestation period for human pregnancies ?
0 What is the origin of the word assassinate ?
5 how many millisecond in a second ?
2 what is ram in the computer ?
3 who is section manager for guidance and power systems at jpl ?
3 what architect originated the glass house designed the chicago federal center had a philosophy of `` less is more , '' and produced plans that were the forerunner of the california farm house ?
1 what is `` the great american family grain '' ?
4 what european country is home to the brew-producing city of budweis ?
3 Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady : A Biography of Margaret Thatcher '' ?
5 how much did the minimum regular payment amount to in 1991 ?
4 where was the first building ?
5 when did amtrak begin transaction ?
1 what words in the english have two u 's body part to body part ?
3 who founded the first mechanics laboratory in 1912 ?
1 what card suit originally represented the peasant collection ?
1 what is the name of the michelangelo painting that shows two hands with finger touching ?
4 what town was the mount for the music man ?
5 how long did the charles manson homicide trial last ?
4 what south american country won its first world cup football title in 1978 ?
0 Why does it say on children 's cough syrup not to drive while using this medication ?
5 what was einstein 's iq ?
1 what was the first visual communication ever made ?
3 who portrayed portly criminologist carl hyatt on checkmate ?
4 what is the code for the main government office in rome , italy ?
1 what does a heliologist examination ?
3 what is the name of the father singer whose song became the theme song for a brand of catsup ?
3 which company created the internet browser mosaic ?
3 what social group was founded by the rev. jerry falwell ?
5 when did the royal wedding of prince andrew and fergie take point ?
1 what document did president andrew johnson want a copy of placed under his head upon his burying ?
0 what is the difference between the anus and the body part ?
0 how do i find info about rice importers in the natural object ?
3 what u.s. air force general led the first bombing penetration over tokyo ?
4 What is the capital of Italy ?
0 What is hebephrenia ?
1 in ad 999 , what sort of celebrations , fears , were there ?
0 how can i get someone 's phone amount if i only have their screen name ?
5 how many somatic cell are in the human brain ?
3 what company has built more than 2.5 billion little green firm since 1935 ?
1 which cat pursued tweety pie in his first cartoon appearance ?
5 How many villi are found in the small intestine ?
1 What was the education system in the 1960 's ?
5 how many major nazi leaders went on trial after the military action at nuremberg ?
0 why does a wheel , e.g. a car tire , appear to spin in the opposite path as it slows down ?
3 who are the two male offspring of ozzie and harriet nelson ?
3 who was the supreme god of germanic religion ?
0 What is witch hazel ?
3 What baseball team became the Minnesota Twins ?
1 what kind of discipline is cosmology ?
0 what does the discussion terrorism mean ?
1 What do you call a `` twirl '' in ballet ?
1 name a product that controls the organic process of apples .
4 what u.s. state of matter does the continental divide leave to enter canada ?
1 what is the language unit of the islamic counterpart to the red cross ?
1 what category of rocket launched the surveyor spacecraft ?
5 a normal human physical condition lasts how many months ?
4 what city is the mount for puccini 's opera la boheme ?
3 who was shot in the back during a poker game in deadwood , the dakota district ?
1 what category of substance is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?
5 how hot should the kitchen appliance be when baking peachy oat muffins ?
3 who retired with 755 home runs to his approval ?
5 how many of them are in bomber-saharan africa ?
1 What are some tips for building a fire in a fireplace ?
3 what wild and crazy guy wrote a script called cruel shoes ?
1 what substance contain vitamin b12 ?
1 what are the different access of systems analysis ?
1 what english language unit contains the most letters ?
1 what tv show chronicled the lives of katy holstrum and congressman glen morley ?
0 how would i find the value of different organs that have been donated ?
1 what is a musket ball that hits the foul pole called ?
5 what are the dimensions of an crystal hockey goal ?
1 what is a condition for behavior , appearance , or expression that violates the accepted standards of sexual morality ?
4 Where is the Rose Bowl played ?
3 who is behind the name of the harvey wallbanger helping ?
1 What musical instrument did Prewitt play in James Jones 's From Here to Eternity ?
1 what plant has the largest fruit ?
1 what magazine gives us the elite , not the skim ?
1 what film dramatized the scopes imp trial ?
3 who protects dc comics ' realm of imagination ?
5 how much medium of exchange does a back injury lawsuit get ?
5 what is the average cost for four time of life of medical school ?
1 What game does Garry Kasparov play ?
1 what military action saw battles at parrot 's beak and black virgin ?
1 what tv series changed the name to protect the innocent ?
4 where did gulliver find a race of tiny group ?
5 how many times a sidereal day does the typical person go to the bathroom ?
0 what is the past of `` the toast '' ?
3 what was thatcher 's first language unit ?
5 what does a teaspoon of concern weigh in a black hole ?
3 who is the prime clergyman of japan ?
5 What year did the United States pass the Copyright law ?
3 what record institution produced the 1978 movie the wiz ?
1 what is the greatest source of `` white '' magic in the marvel universe ?
1 What are some science fair projects for 8th graders ?
5 how many small enterprise are there in the u.s .
3 what actor dressed up as santa claus and had a once-a-year matter with actress shelley winters every christmas for many years ?
5 in which class was new zealand excluded from the anzus alliance ?
0 what are those little blue reflectors in the area of the road for ?
5 how many double-word-sexual conquest spaces are there on a scrabble crossword game board ?
0 What are some interesting facts and information about dogsledding ?
5 how much folic acid should a pregnant womanhood get each day ?
5 how many reviewer work a soccer game ?
3 who is reputed to be the greatest maker of bowed stringed instrument ?
0 what 's the claim to honor of night watchman frank wills ?
3 what famous actress made her first appearance on stagecoach at the age of five in the year 191 as `` baby '' ?
1 what color of dry wine should be served with veal knock and chops ?
5 what 's the percentage of juvenile aged two through eleven who watch ` 'the simpsons ' ?
1 what film marked robert redford 's directorial beginning ?
5 how long do you have to pay back indebtedness after claiming chapter 11 bankruptcy ?
4 what two countries fought the hundred years ' war ?
0 what is in child powder and child lotion that makes it smell the way it does ?
3 What was the player 's name who played nose tackle for the Eagles in Super Bowl XV ?
5 what class did hitler die ?
1 Name the ship Beany and Cecil sailed .
3 What writer is famous for physically putting himself into the center of his subject matter ?
3 which one of the original seven mercury program astronauts did not fly on any of the mercury trajectory ?
3 what is the real name of phonograph record jockey `` wolfman jack '' ?
0 what are the benefits of a sport machine ?
1 what is the name of a communication spoken by the sioux ?
0 how do they find an geographic point ?
3 what civil war general wreaked havoc on the south by marching through georgia on his property to the sea ?
5 what is the estimated total u.s. deer deer population ?
0 what are the words to `` my way '' written by paul anka ?
1 what were popular songs and kind of songs in the 1920s ?
1 what two organism are specifically mentioned as being in noah 's ark ?
1 what chocolate bar created by frank mars and his wife is often called a milky way with sum ?
0 what is diffusion ?
4 what are the top 5 tallest buildings in the natural object ?
1 what 's the second-lightest part ?
5 How many verses are in the Bible ?
3 who said `` give me liberty or give me death '' ?
3 who invented the pull-tab opener on cans ?
1 what are some translations of the idiom `` thank-you '' ?
1 what did martin luther post on the church service door at wittenberg ?
5 what month of the year is there no television receiver in iceland ?
3 what is a person called that likes happening ?
5 what are the horseshoe sizes of o 'neal , jordan , and mutombo , the nba players ?
3 what piano company claims its intersection is the `` instrument of the immortals '' ?
0 how can i get someone 's electronic equipment number if i only have their screen name ?
0 what is the chemiosmotic explanation ?
0 what do the red-and-white stripes on a barbershop terminal stand for ?
3 who invented television ?
3 who has more dna - a man or a woman ?
5 in what year was the carom invented ?
3 who is the director and editor of the movie big starring tom hanks ?
1 name four comic strips about original .
3 what is rona barrett 's married language unit ?
3 who are the nomadic blood sport and gathering tribe of the kalahari desert in africa ?
1 what tv ordering features the adventures of a married couple named jonathan and jennifer ?
4 what russian port has a name meaning `` lord of the east '' ?
3 who won the nobel peace prize in 1991 ?
3 Name of heroine in `` Scruples '' ?
3 who lives at 24 sussex drive , ottawa ?
3 Who was the first king of England ?
0 what 's the origin of the language unit ` news ' ?
1 what meter did shakespeare activity in writing : `` to be , or not to be , that is the question.. . '' ?
3 who invented the horoscope ?
4 where can i find a movie of a blue meanie ?
3 Who created Dennis the Menace ?
5 how many years did resting beauty rest ?
0 why are there 12 people on a body in criminal cases ?
1 what is the lens behind the iris in the center called ?
0 How did the U.S. come into the possession of an empire in the wake of the Spanish-American War ?
0 why do cock sing at five o 'clock in the morning ?
3 who makes chicken `` finger lickin '' good ?
3 who is the president of stanford university ?
4 What are the top 5 tallest buildings in the world ?
5 how many members of a syndicate could be drafted in the u.s. military during world war ii ?
5 What is the average age a horse lives ?
5 How many electoral votes does it take to win presidency ?
1 what eating implement are used for handicapped kids ?
4 what new york city landmark has 168 steps to its peak ?
3 who is the head of state of the united kingdom ?
0 what is `` the computer for the remainder of us '' ?
4 what rocky mountain ridge separates north america 's cardinal compass point and westward-flowing rivers ?
0 what is the difference between a apparatus and an alternator ?
1 what is a concern of bees ?
1 what james michener script is subtitled spanish travels and reflections ?
3 who protects dc comics ' sphere of dreams ?
4 what administrative district has the most indians ?
3 what buxom blonde appeared on the covering of more than 5 magazines ?
4 what are the three most populated political unit in the world ?
5 how many juvenile under 18 are victims of some sort of physical abuse each year ?
5 How much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , Thomas Jefferson on it , ?
1 what do you call a day that contains sequencing numbers , like 9-8-98 ?
1 what event happened january 26 , 1978 ?
3 who is pia zadora 's millionaire husband and intellectual ?
2 what is the abbreviated countenance for the national bureau of investigation ?
0 what is the `` fourth property '' ?
4 what four u.s. state of matter have active volcanoes ?
1 what 's the second-biggest-selling cartridge holder in america ?
3 name the symptom-faced bounty hunter of the old west .
3 what famous food company went out of business because it became known that the underworld had been selling them kangaroo food ?
5 how many fingers are used to draw a knot ?
5 how many major nazi leadership went on trial after the war at nuremberg ?
1 What 's been the ruin of many a poor boy in New Orleans ?
5 what sidereal day of the week sees the most fatal car accidents ?
1 What `` melts in your mouth , not in your hands '' .
0 Define the Pheonix Club ?
0 why do the pox last so long ?
4 where did the battle of the bulge take seat ?
0 what is the proof that houseplants metabolize carcinogen ?
3 what is the real name of the musician , madonna ?
3 who owns the abstraction on a tv program ?
5 What is the world population as of today ?
3 who retired with 755 residence runs to his credit ?
1 what are the main blood vessel ?
5 how many body of water are there and name them ?
4 what political unit did king wenceslas rule ?
1 what shakespeare play opens with the line : `` now is the winter of our discontentment.. . '' ?
4 what state of matter on the gulf of mexico has its lowest point five feet below sea level ?
4 where do you find the answers for all these questioning ?
5 how many sidereal day does a typical mayfly live ?
0 where did the marital status ceremony come from ?
5 How many wings does a flea have ?
1 what do west indian steel bands use as legal document ?
0 what is the nursery versification rock-a-by baby about ?
3 Who lives at 39 Stone Canyon Way ?
0 what is the recommended daily requirement for folic acid for pregnant womanhood ?
4 name a country that is developing a magnetic phenomenon railway system ?
1 what articles of consumer goods are tokens in monopoly ?
1 what collection is categorized as the bourgeoisie ?
3 which bourbon baron was restored to the french throne during napoleon 's abdication ?
4 what is the address for the main politics office in rome , italy ?
3 who was the secretary of war in the civil war during the battle of gettysburg ?
1 what did jack exchange with the butcher for a small indefinite quantity of beans ?
3 what company tabulates the ballots in choice for the academy awards ?
0 what are the short- and long-term personal property of underage drinking ?
3 What kind of women gave Sigmund Freud erotic dreams ?
1 what are `` darning needles '' and `` horse stinger '' better known as ?
3 Who was the girl in Peter Sellers 's soup ?
1 what are the defamation of all the u.s. navy aircraft carriers ?
5 what chemical of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?
1 what astronomical process takes place in jan. 1999 ?
3 who is the fastest swimmer in the worldly concern ?
3 who used auh2o as an election saying ?
4 where can i find scientific data , `` research writing , '' on textile engineering ?
0 why do many native american students not complete body ?
5 what was the price of varian associates ' vacuum commodity division ?
3 what tv lecture-show host lends his name to a line of men 's clothing ?
3 who created the world wide web , www ?
0 how can i find out my moon clue ?
4 what are the das kapital cities of the two large countries that occupy the iberian peninsula in europe ?
3 what `` marvelous '' major-league baseball contestant is now a spokesman for a beer company ?
1 what are the 7 articles of the united states constitution ?
1 what 1966 boob tube bomb took astronauts back to prehistoric time period ?
5 how many land does fiji have ?
3 what is supergirl 's secret personality ?
1 which comic script was not spawned directly from the pulp magazines ?
5 When was the internal combustion engine developed ?
5 how many shillings more than 2 were there in a coin ?
3 What was the name given the 6 , 500 German airforce troops that used the Spanish Civil War as a training exercise ?
3 what policeman lives on punchbowl hill and has 11 children ?
3 who is the president of stanford university ?
4 Which continent has the most roses ?
4 what nation did the romans call hibernia ?
5 what is the focal ratio of the mississippi river ?
3 Who was Thucydides ?
3 what was the valet 's name who was killed in a duel with aaron burr ?
5 when did the `` star-spangled banner '' become the national song ?
4 what state on the gulf of mexico has its lowest component five feet below sea level ?
5 how many people watch system television ?
0 Why do roosters sing at five o 'clock in the morning ?
3 which japanese motor vehicle maker had its biggest percentage of sale in the domestic market ?
3 What female suspect in the game of Clue is single ?
0 why do girls have to wear training undergarment ?
0 what does the word terror mean ?
3 who played for the chicago bears , houston oilers and oakland raiders in a 26-year pro football occupation ?
3 what bread company used to feature stickers of the cisco kid on the ends of their package ?
4 What Japanese city was once called Edo ?
3 what fast-food magnate 's letter graced the left sleeve of the san diego padres ' baseball uniforms in 1984 ?
5 how many points are there on a backgammon committee ?
4 where can i find a teaching plan for teaching the metric system conversion to american standard ?
3 Name Dondi 's adoptive grandfather .
5 what year is etched on the gold medal of excellence from the paris exposition depicted on a can of campbell 's tomato dish ?
4 Where is it planned to berth the merchant ship , Lane Victory , which Merchant Marine veterans are converting into a floating museum ?
5 how many multitude was randy craft convicted of murdering ?
3 what famous male singer has the same name as the composer of the opera hansel and gretel ?
1 what commodity 's shortage was the largest single cause in keeping north american cars off the roads during world war ii ?
3 who built the first polyhedron ?
3 what ball game team became the minnesota twins ?
3 Who was the first Holy Roman Emperor ?
1 what racehorse won an associated press poll as the greatest horse of the 20th hundred ?
1 in which mutant is there a `` scrum '' ?
5 the shea & gould law firm had an office in l.a. for how many time of life ?
4 What river runs through Colorado , Kansas , and Oklahoma ?
5 how many group watch network television ?
3 What California governor said : `` Inaction may be the highest form of action '' ?
0 what is witch hazelnut ?
0 what is the beginning of the proverb `` a stitch in time saves nine '' ?
0 what exactly is the purpose of the placental ?
1 what is the name of the family circus 's canine ?
4 what country was hitler the cabinet minister of ?
3 which police department made the all-case biggest cocaine bust in ventura county ?
5 how fast does the fastest motor vehicle go ?
4 What capital is built around Monument Circle which contains soldiers and sailors monument ?
1 what color was the hundred billionth writing implement made by crayola ?
3 who is westview high 's band film director in funky winkerbean ?
4 Where can I find book reviews of `` Turbulent Souls '' ?
3 who bestowed great quality upon captain britain ?
3 who is the monarch of the united kingdom ?
1 what is the primary terminology of the philippines ?
4 where does the song anything goes take point ?
0 How did the 7th inning stretch get started ?
4 what country has the most outline ?
0 what is the classic explanation of tragic hero ?
0 what do pointed letter mean to a handwriting analyst ?
0 why do direction books recommend starting with cold water when you boil something ?
5 what time of year has the most air travel travel ?
4 What U.S. state has an element named for it ?
0 what is the past of yo-yos ?
3 what chocolate company gives you a one-egyptian pound kiss ?
3 What future deer hunter portrayed Annie Hall 's neurotic brother , Duane ?
4 What is the name of the largest city in Chile , South America ?
4 On what avenue is the original Saks department store located ?
1 What kind of mammal is a colt ?
0 how do you get a girlfriend to have sex with you ?
0 what is an aortic skeletal muscle aneurysm ?
0 what effect does conflict have on perpetual motion ?
0 what is the origin of the term `` buffalo wings '' that is used as a menu item in bars across the nation for wimp wings in a spicey sauce ?
3 What is the name of the pop singer whose song became the theme song for a brand of catsup ?
5 how long does it take for your body to restore lineage after you donate your lineage ?
1 what visual property is an arctic fox in winter ?
1 what 's the tallest objet d'art on a chessboard ?
0 what 's the quality between j.d. and ll.m. ?
5 When are sheep shorn ?
1 what joins white wine to put the jet in a jeter ?
3 name the two actor daughters of john mills .
3 who is the director of the international abstraction called the human genome organization , hugo , that is trying to coordinate gene-mapping research worldwide ?
4 What is one of the cities that the University of Minnesota is located in ?
3 who invented the wonderbra ?
1 what is a movie starring jude law ?
4 what is the largest municipality in germany ?
1 what three colors are on the french iris ?
5 on what date did rosa parks become a symbol of the civil rights movement for refusing to give up her buttocks on the bus ?
3 what president of the united states 's ghost is said to haunt the white house ?
3 what two commanders directed the effect in the battle of el alamein ?
1 what is the longest chemical language unit , consisting of 35 letters ?
0 What is the `` fourth dimension '' ?
0 How does Belle describe her life in Beauty and the Beast ?
4 what state of matter produces the best lobster to eat ?
3 who 's the lead musician of the led zeppelin band ?
1 what is the dialogue circle in wit called ?
0 what are fruit tree ?
1 what kind of record has the extension .dbf ?
1 what is the biggest `` thing '' homo have made ?
0 how does coloring material affect a person psychologically ?
5 How many home runs did Babe Ruth hit in his lifetime ?
3 who was the author of the famous spiritual being tale `` snow white and seven dwarfs '' ?
5 How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?
0 how do i install a slab floor ?
3 who has more dna - a man or a woman ?
0 what is a bourdon pipe ?
1 What keeps clouds in the air ?
3 what doctor of the church is synonymous with footwear and foot care ?
3 in dana 's `` two years before the mast , '' what seafarers lived in an abandoned oven on the beach at san diego ?
1 what is the direction or formula for coca-cola ?
0 what are bellworts ?
0 what was the reason for the division of the anglican and vatican churches ?
3 who is the president of the spanish polity ?
3 What President lived at 219 North Delaware Street , Independence , Missouri ?
3 who played emperor palpatine in star wars ?
5 when was the room-code invented ?
3 what imaginary being in the beverly hillbillies has the given names daisy moses ?
5 what are the three winter calendar month in the southern hemisphere ?
5 where does the u.s. rank among natural object countries in area ?
3 what company is being bought by yahoo and how much is the transaction worth ?
3 who claimed to be the natural object 's most perfectly-developed man ?
4 what was the former residence of scottish baron in edinburgh ?
4 What two South American countries do n't border Brazil ?
3 who seized ability from milton obote in 1971 ?
1 what was the eighth time unit following the nones in each month of the roman calendar called ?
1 what 's the second-most-used murder instrument in the u.s. ?
5 what is the pennsylvania state of matter income tax rate ?
5 How many members are in the California congressional delegation ?
3 What President hit the jogging paths to enhance his athletic image and , sporting No. 39 , almost collapsed during the road race ?
5 when was the big thompson flood tide ?
5 when was the internal combustion motor developed ?
5 how many aim orbit the earth ?
3 What is the name of the inventor of silly putty ?
1 what kind of species is the monster in the movie `` jaws '' ?
3 who makes wimp `` finger lickin '' good ?
0 How does hair curl ?
5 how many multitude on the ground were killed from the bombing of pan am flight 103 over lockerbie , scotland , december 21 , cd .
1 What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?
0 how do you make the color chromatic color ?
5 What date did man first land on the moon ?
4 What ocean was Amelia Earhart flying over when she disappeared ?
0 What is the origin of the term `` blue moon , '' and how often do they occur ?
1 what animals do you find in the stock activity ?
4 where can i find a large tilt of 5 to 6 letter words ?
3 who is the `` queen mother '' ?
1 what song served as the closing subject of the johnny cash show ?
3 what floor of government or governmental agency is responsible for dealing with racism ?
1 which instrumentality is hamblen the first singing cowboy in ?
3 what businesses or agencies would do an use verification ?
4 what country 's national passenger railing system is called via ?
1 What is the name of a Salt Lake City newspaper ?
0 What is the cultural origin of the ceremony of potlatch ?
0 what did the only repealed correction to the u.s. constitution deal with ?
5 how many people die from snakebite poisoning in the u.s. per class ?
3 What Cherokee Indian gave his name to a tree ?
1 What fowl grabs the spotlight after the Chinese Year of the Monkey ?
0 how do you find chemical reaction numbers ?
1 what film featured shirley maclaine as a woman and jack lemmon as a pimp ?
0 what must a las vegas scrub oak dealer do when he reaches 16 ?
2 what is the acronym for the rating organization for air conditioner efficiency ?
4 What nationality were the 123 people who died in the Black Hole of Calcutta ?
3 What manufacturers are there in Texas ?
1 What were the names of the three ships used by Columbus ?
3 world health organization was the king world health organization was forced to agree to the magna carta ?
5 in which year was the cartoon fictional character chilly willy created ?
1 what 's the only color johnny cash wears on time period ?
4 what is the largest office blocking in the world ?
0 what is the biblical meaning of ` stone ' ?
0 what do pointed letters mean to a writing analyst ?
5 what will the california gas tax be in the time period 2000 ?
1 which of many numbered vats of scotch was judged best by a sheet of experts in 1863 ?
3 What Good Little Witch is Casper 's girlfriend ?
3 What famous coach said `` if you can 't beat 'em in the alley , you can 't beat 'em on the ice '' ?
3 What hockey player did Ronald Reagan joke he would swap Texas for ?
3 what are the characters ' name in the scooby-doo cartoon ?
3 who invented baseball ?
0 what is the weather like on the satellite ?
5 what is the current unemployment pace in the u.s. ?
3 what record institution was formed by herb alpert and jerry moss ?
3 what u.s. president had brothers-in-jurisprudence in the confederate army ?
5 how many apodiform bird eggs could fit in one ostrich egg ?
0 what is the explanation of ` graphic details ' ?
0 What is a horologist ?
0 What are binomial coefficients ?
0 What are the Greek numerals ?
3 who portrayed fatman in the television show , `` jake and the fatman '' ?
3 what non-conformist abstract cougar was dubbed jack the dripper by time ?
3 who 's the only president buried in washington
1 what scale measures earthquake ?
1 What 's the most common non-contagious disease in the world ?
4 what nation in latin america is the largest one ?
4 Where can I find correct tabs for Third Eye Blind songs ?
3 Who was William Henry Harrison ?
3 what businesses in alaska were affected by the exxon valdez vegetable oil spill ?
1 what is a fear of odors , consistency , ?
0 how do you send a product transcript to hollywood so that it can be produced into a film ?
4 what island was the aim of the u.s. 's operation urgent fury ?
4 where can i find a list of all the institution in america that offer a direct stock purchase plan ?
4 what was the first country to put a second womanhood in space ?
1 what jewish holiday saw the startle of the 1973 mideast war ?
1 what two colors are you blind to if you suffer from red-green dichromacy ?
0 how does it make its semblance ?
1 what eating utensil are used for handicapped kids ?
4 which latin american nation is the largest ?
5 what is the all-time capital high of apple computer , and where can i find this information ?
1 what aesop 's fable has the moral : `` the subspecies is not always to the swift. slow and steady is bound to win '' ?
5 how many pounds are there in a rock ?
3 what was the name of the administrator of the movie `` jaws '' ?
1 what six words follow the line : `` from a small indefinite quantity to a king.. . '' ?
3 Who advised listeners to `` see the U.S.A. in your Chevrolet '' ?
4 what country has declared one-fifth of its region off-limits to russians ?
0 How does a rainbow form ?
5 how many states have a `` gamboge law '' for new automobiles ?
5 How many grooves are on a dime ?
3 what author landed a 468-pound billfish without harness in the early 193 's ?
0 What is the origin of the rock band Led Zeppelin 's name ?
5 how many quarters equal a avoirdupois unit ?
5 How many home runs did Lou Gehrig have during his career ?
4 where can i find out the top 1 badminton ?
1 what gambling devices were dubbed `` mississippi marbles '' and `` memphis dominoes '' ?
3 who was the girl in peter sellers 's dish ?
3 who is the famous movie celestial body who also acted as sewer commissioner of provo canyon , utah ?
4 in what character of africa is mozambique located ?
5 How many counties are in Indiana ?
3 name the on stage character whose boldness was never seen .
5 how many hostages were killed in the entebbe foray ?
1 what kind of organism are black , yellow , and brown bullheads ?
3 who made the rotary engine motor vehicle ?
0 How can I get someone 's phone number if I only have their screen name ?
3 who claims to have the greatest show on earth ?
3 which of the following tv newsmen was a rhodes scholar ?
3 Who was the first black performer to have his own network TV show ?
4 what are all the southern administrative district of the u.s. ?
0 Why are the ears your center of balance ?
4 what former royal palace has served as a granary , prison , arsenal , sick person colony , mint , telegraph station and whorehouse before becoming an art museum ?
3 who was the first black to be head coach of a major league pro sports team ?
0 what is movie noir ?
1 what chocolate room created by frank mars and his wife is often called a milky way with peanuts ?
1 what mammal of north america is the worldly concern 's longest-lived for its size ?
5 what are bottle caps with president ' pictures inside worth ?
1 what is `` the soft helping for adults '' ?
1 What Kennedy was married to Ethel ?
5 what 's men 's equality on a 455-yard golf hole ?
1 to get the most alkaloid , what soda should i drink ?
3 What French designer declared : `` The jean is the destructor ! It is a dictator ! It is destroying creativity. The jean must be stopped ! '' ?
1 what part , from the periodic table , is a gas or a solid , but never a liquid ?
0 how can you define case ?
0 Why do people in the upper peninsula of Michagin say `` eh ? '' ?
3 who portrayed fatman in the television appearance , `` jake and the fatman '' ?
3 what father and male offspring won the medal of honor ?
5 at what property did rossini stop writing opera ?
1 what english discussion contains the most letters ?
3 who starred in the movie the war of the worlds ?
3 What engineer invented the pull-tab can ?
4 what parking lot contains firehole river and fairy falls ?
1 what literary composition contains the line , `` grow old with me the best is yet to be '' .
0 what is the beginning of the word trigonometry ?
1 Which type of soda has the greatest amount of caffeine ?
1 What did Tristan come back as ?
3 what 's comic part photographer peter parker 's secret identity ?
5 how many chairs are shown in vincent van gogh 's 188 activity the artist 's room in arles ?
3 Who wrote The Godfather ?
4 what political unit 's capital is tirana ?
0 what did n't rocky marciano do in his pro boxing occupation ?
4 What European country boasts the city of Furth , found where the rivers Rednitz and Pegnitz converge ?
1 what auto contest was wilbur reed the first to win three times ?
0 why are ice cream frozen dessert called frozen dessert ?
0 What is `` cat scratch fever '' ?
3 who does collection collection in tourism ?
0 how do i find the counterweight of my social security account ?
1 what is the music used in the new vw beetle commercial where the cable car spins and changes colors ?
3 who played the original charlie 's angels ?
0 what is the origin of the term pop jerk ?
1 what hermann hesse book gave its language unit to a rock group ?
3 Who portrayed Renaud in Casablanca ?
2 what does nn o `` mean when used as a prefix in irish surname ?
1 what star-faring subspecies brought about the inhumans on marvel 's earth ?
1 what layer of the condition contains most of the ozone layer ?
0 how do substance injectors work ?
4 where does barney rubble go to employment after he drops fred off in the `` flintstones '' cartoon series ?
3 when the tutankhamun display was on display in the u.s. , what moving company transported it ?
3 which police division made the largest cocaine seizure ever in ventura county ?
1 what chocolate bar created by frank mars and his wife is often called a milky way with peanut ?
3 who was shot in the back during a poker game in deadwood , the dakota territory ?
1 what did british companies stick 175 , 0 large indefinite quantity of tea into in 1982 ?
0 what is the nature of precipitation and how is the formation of precipitation different from that of ice ?
0 What is the difference between a median and a mean ?
1 what is the collective noun for goose ?
1 what commodity 's shortage was the largest single agent in keeping north american cars off the roads during world war ii ?
5 how many pins are used in ninepins ?
0 what are the benefits of residence school ?
4 where can i find a lawsuit on individuals with disabilities education act of 1991 ?
1 what is the name given to a group of anseriform bird ?
1 what `` little red car '' is mentioned in pop singer prince 's feat song ?
0 How you can raise your IQ ?
1 what animal 's tail is called a vegetation ?
4 where are good skill sites on the internet ?
1 what incident of 1933 did the german nazis use to justify hand brake decrees , imprisoning opponents and vesting more power in themselves ?
1 what was originally defined as one 1-millionth of the distance from the great circle to the pole ?
4 what asian body of water were the destroyers maddox and c turner joy shot up in ?
5 Approximately how many students are enrolled at the University of Massachusetts ?
0 How do you build a solar car for a high school experiment ?
0 what construction in the u.s. constitution may not be changed , altered or amended ?
3 who discovered imaginary numbers ?
5 what chapter of the bible has the most writing style ?
1 name the french historical fundamental quantity during the reign of napoleon iii .
3 who wrote the script , `` the grinch who stole christmas '' ?
3 Who is the president of Bolivia ?
0 what causes negative stimulus ?
4 what municipality gained renown for its pea-soup fogs ?
1 name four comic strips about aviator .
5 what will the increase be in the california state of matter tax by 2000 ?
4 what is the object address of the list of e-mail addresses of members of the house of representatives ?
1 what was the name of the crimean gathering of roosevelt , churchill , and stalin ?
0 what was the claim to fame of the football activity that saw fordham defeat waynesburg state 12601 on september 3 , 1939 ?
3 who is shirley maclaine ?
4 where can i find a list of `` classic '' books 5th and 6th grader should read ?
5 how many people died on south carolina road in 1998 ?
0 what is the origin of the discussion `` sideburns '' ?
3 what department store successor is responsible for raising a three-ton safe from the underwater wreckage of the andrea doria ?
4 what political unit has the highest per capita consumption of cheese ?
5 when did rococo painting and building flourish ?
5 what time period was desmond mpilo tutu awarded the nobel peace prize ?
0 What is June 's birthstone ?
5 What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
0 what saying ended merrie melodies cartoons ?
4 what is the name of the celestial body that the ewoks live on ?
5 what was thatcher 's approval rating after 10 years in ability ?
5 how many revolutions does a standard lp make in three written record ?
0 what was unusual about alexandra 's quality in josie and the pussycats ?
3 what reproducer manufacturer is `` slightly ahead of its time '' ?
0 what is `` feline scratch fever '' ?
0 what reservation are there for individuals donating blood ?
0 why are egg supposed to be stored small end down ?
1 what did walter huston remove to perform in the product the treasure of the sierra madre ?
3 who is the richest person in the natural object , without owning a business ?
1 Name of King Arthur 's sword ?
4 what u.s. state of matter is dixville notch in ?
0 what do bee hives do in cranberry bog ?
0 why did the poultry cross the road ?
3 what japanese electronics institution was named for a coastal city northeast of tokyo ?
5 how many types of primate are there ?
1 what kind of rocket launched the surveyor craft ?
1 what is the folklore story regarding birds ' nests and birds in christmas tree ?
0 what was the rallying cry of the early american radical ?
1 what 's the word for broken glass or sharp rocks embedded in cement on circus tent of a wall ?
1 What is the name of the vaccine for chicken pox ?
5 how long do hermit crab live ?
0 what is an annotated list ?
4 what satellite would you visit to see bebrenia , arcadia , and amazonis ?
1 what is the celtic symbol for `` being '' ?
3 What was the name of Darth Vader 's son ?
1 what 's the common language unit for a japanese dwarf tree ?
1 what musical device did prewitt play in james jones 's from here to eternity ?
4 what island abstraction contains jersey , guernsey , sark and herm ?
0 what 's new in the postal natural object in 1999 ?
1 what was the dolphin 's name that died of a fungal infection at sea world ?
3 who were the only two bald u.s. presidents ?
1 What sport does Chris Jogis play ?
3 who does the advertizing for frito-lay ?
3 what speaker has the nickname `` el maximo '' ?
3 who was the prophet of the jewish people ?
4 what is the deepest region of the arctic ocean ?
0 What is the purpose of the SysRq key on my computer keyboard ?
3 who was the famous doorway-to-doorway brush salesman ?
4 where is the largest barrier in the world ?
0 how can you stop the infection from poison ivy ?
1 what is the only modern language that capitalizes its singular first-causal agent pronoun ?
5 How many corners does a spritsail have ?
4 what political unit have the largest armed forces in the world ?
0 What is the nature of snow and how is the formation of snow different from that of ice ?
1 what 1956 grace metalious novel was on the best-seller list for two time of life ?
4 in what u.s. state of matter was the first woman governor elected ?
3 Who is the Antichrist ?
3 who is the external body part of the world bank ?
0 What does Venus Retrograde mean ?
0 how does ultraviolet light damage the dna of body covering cells ?
3 What is the name of the police officer who tried to keep order in Top Cat 's neighborhood ?
3 what civil authority made so many tv appearances he was asked to join aftra in 1984 ?
3 who accompanied space ghost on his nongovernmental organization ?
1 what 's the most commonly-spoken communication in belgium ?
5 How many students attend the University of Massachusetts ?
0 How does a small businessman contact the Good Humor Ice Cream company to do business with them ?
5 How many furlongs are there in a mile-and-a-quarter recetrack ?
5 what seven digits follow the region code in the number for long distance information ?
3 name the professional for randy craft .
1 what 's the worldly concern 's most common compound ?
3 what was william f. cody 's better-known language unit ?
4 what is the web code at which i can find the e-mail code of a member of the us house of representatives ?
4 Where is the Danube ?
5 how many teaspoons make up a containerful ?
0 what are amaretto biscuit ?
0 What is the origin of the word ` posh ' ?
1 what is the name of the disease that actress hunter tylo 's child girl has ?
0 what do a baseball diamond and lump of coal have in common ?
1 Which is heavier - cream or milk ?
0 How was the ACLU formed ?
5 How many gallons of paint does it take to paint the Golden Gate Bridge ?
3 who murdered leno and rosemary labianca on august 1
4 what country is the largest baseball diamond producer ?
3 What Civil War general wreaked havoc on the south by marching through Georgia on his way to the sea ?
4 What mountains lie between the Arkansas and Missouri rivers ?
1 what is an example of a natural acid-military installation indicator ?
1 what is the concern of the computer called ?
3 who founded the first aerodynamics laboratory in 1912 ?
4 what nation will hit the year 2 first ?
4 What is the city in which Maurizio Pellegrin lives called ?
1 what was the language unit of the u.s. navy gunboat in the film the sand pebbles ?
3 what role do fruits play in the survival of building complex ?
1 What feud ended with a marriage in Kentucky on March 21 , 1891 ?
4 what 's the farthest satellite from the sun ?
1 what kind of animal is the easiest kept pet there is ?
1 What language is mostly spoken in Brazil ?
5 What will the increase be in the California gas tax by 2000 ?
4 where is the worldly concern 's most active volcano located ?
3 who led the confrontation when konrad adenauer was chancellor in germany ?
1 What shampoo prevents eczema , seborrhea , and psoriasis ?
1 what is a fear of drink ?
1 what is the brand name of the chemical alar ?
1 what car was driven in the 199 dismissal of `` smokey and the bandit '' ?
0 how do you write mla style bibliographies for an internet point ?
0 what is `` dew component '' ?
3 who was charles lindbergh 's wife ?
1 What are `` darning needles '' and `` horse stingers '' better known as ?
0 what is the origin of the candy walking stick at christmas ?
3 what radio facility did paul harvey work for ?
5 what fourth dimension of year has the most air travel ?
1 what did woody allen call the japanese gangster product he dubbed into english as a comedy ?
1 what is the name of the medical condition in which a baby is born without a neural structure ?
3 who created `` the muppets '' ?
5 what percentage of the natural object 's plant and animal species can be found in the amazon forests ?
3 What astronomer-architect designed the present St. Paul 's Cathedral in London ?
0 how can i find a list of celebrity ' real names ?
1 What was the first Sam Spade novel ?
4 in what state was there an 11 million gallon oil liquid ?
1 what did a 16th-century aztec athlete get for putting a condom ball through a ring ?
5 When was the first steel mill in the United States built ?
0 how do i stop background sound in a car stereo ?
1 what condiment do the dutch dip their french potato in ?
4 What African country is governed from Ouagadougou ?
3 who wrote `` the scarlet letter '' ?
3 what adult pitcher has struck out ted williams and hank aaron ?
3 what body did joe namath play football for ?
4 where did cosmetic originate ?
1 what product 's ads claim that it `` eliminates odors , kills household germs , cast , and mildew '' ?
5 How many copies of an album must be sold for it to be a gold album ?
3 who is the creator of `` the muppets '' ?
5 how much is a canadian 1967 twenty dollar amber coin worth ?
3 What presidential administration challenged Americans to explore The New Frontier ?
3 What Russian master spy lived in the U.S. under the name Emil Goldfus ?
0 How does the Nintendo `` Zapper '' work ?
3 What actor , who had greatest fame on TV , became the father of triplets ?
5 how much did a mcdonald 's ground beef cost in 1963 ?
0 what is the origin of the typing practice sentence `` now is the time for all good men to come to the resource of their country '' ?
1 what materials did the three little pig bed use to build their houses ?
5 how many layers of yellow rouge is a faber mongol pencil lucky enough to be sprayed with ?
3 What pillar of the Dutch Renaissance painted Aristotle Contemplating the Bust of Homer ?
3 what world war ii leader declared : `` the shock has been struck '' ?
1 what was the first tv set to include a remote control ?
3 who were the 1974 oscar winners ?
5 What does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ?
1 what household facility contains a float ball , ballcock , and overflow conduit ?
0 what is a causal agent 's socioeconomic position ?
1 what are two building complex that clothes are made from ?
0 why is the growth of space so important ?
0 What is a philanthropist ?
3 who created `` the muppets '' ?
0 How do you throw a housewarming party ?
0 what is a bone marrow graft meant for ?
0 why can 't you taste anything when you have a communicable disease ?
3 Which of the following celebrities was not born in Philadelphia ?
0 what is electricity ?
1 What is Bella Abzug 's sartorial trademark ?
4 where can i find a computer that gives comparisons of good prices ?
1 what film had bette davis creating a scandal by wearing a daring red gown to a social group ball ?
4 what is the language unit of the planet that the ewoks live on ?
3 Who 's the only U.S. president to have won a Pulitzer Prize ?
3 who is the writer of the book , `` the iron lady : a biography of margaret thatcher '' ?
3 what president 's apparition is said to haunt the white house ?
0 how do computer like yahoo and excite make money ?
4 Name an art gallery in New York .
5 what is the chromosome number of an pachyderm ?
1 what terror of the body of water did johnny horton sing about ?
5 How many real fruit juices are there in a can of Hawaiian Punch ?
4 where can i find the past of the taiwanese language ?
4 in what region is eckley colorado ?
5 how often are quadruplet born ?
1 name a technique widely used to detect parturition defects ?
3 what mexican person was shot dead in 1923 ?
5 what percentage of child between the ages of two and eleven watch ` the simpsons ' ?
1 what is the name of the plot that garry kasparov plays ?
1 What type of performer is Ileana Cotrubas ?
1 What race is 1 , 137 miles long ?
0 why do group in the upper peninsula of michagin say `` eh ? '' ?
1 what soft drink not only has its own video activity , but was featured in its own marvel comic book ?
4 what are the only two state of matter that incorporate the confederate battle flag in their flags ?
1 what is the weakest bone in the natural object ?
0 how you can raise your iq ?
5 when did the original howdy doody show go off the air travel ?
1 what is a fear of night or illumination ?
5 what amount of money did the philippine ex-dictator marcos steal from the funds ?
5 How many people are taller than 7 feet ?
3 what paper company sells christmas ornaments ?
0 What is the origin of the atom ?
0 what is object-oriented blueprint ?
3 who else was considered for the role of luke skywalker when george lucas was casting for star wars ?
3 which police department made the all-time biggest cocaine female chest in ventura county ?
0 what does n est-ce dad mean ?
3 what is the best internet business to go into ?
3 which oil company almost picked a word that meant `` stalled car '' in japanese as its new international language unit ?
0 how does zatanna perform her supernaturalism in dc comics ?
5 what will the increase be in the california gas levy by 2000 ?
4 Which one of the Great Lakes is entirely within U.S. territory ?
1 name the 5 words that use all of the culture in the alphabet , except q , with no repeats .
1 madonna advertises for what soft beverage ?
0 what are the side effect of mevacor ?
1 what is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given living thing ?
1 what is the name of the largest binary compound conservancy project in china ?
3 what onetime member of ronald reagan 's cabinet called federal plan of action toward indians `` an example of the failure of socialism '' ?
0 what is the origin of the countenance `` tout de suite '' ?
5 how much money does a back wound lawsuit get ?
5 what is the measure of american soldiers still unaccounted for from the vietnam war ?
1 what are some good exercises for juvenile to do ?
1 what would you add to the clay mixture to produce bone chinaware ?
4 Where can I find a website that gives comparisons of good prices ?
3 who was tiny tim 's parent ?
3 what boxer 's life floor is titled raging bull ?
1 what kind of weapons were used in medieval military action ?
3 what celebrity couple , when going through a divorce , divided their toilet material into two equal piles ?
4 what new york city landmark has 168 step to its crown ?
5 when did thatcher become prime clergyman ?
3 who wrote : `` poems are made by simpleton like me but only god can make a tree '' ?
5 what 's the american dollar equivalent for 8 avoirdupois unit in the u.k. ?
3 Name the organization that is presided by a Security Council .
0 what is agent citrus ?
4 what are the capital cities of the two large country that occupy the iberian peninsula in europe ?
3 Who recorded the 1957 hit Tammy ?
3 what italian leader had a lifelong concern of the evil eye ?
1 the jewish character set is called what ?
1 what document did president andrew johnson want a transcript of placed under his head upon his burial ?
4 Where did bocci originate ?
0 why do pressure cooking utensil save time in the kitchen ?
0 what happens to the female body with lack of sleep and substance ?
3 Who was the first black woman to star in the Folies Bergeres ?
3 What king is satirized in the line : `` The King was in the countinghouse , counting all his money '' ?
1 what four contest make up tennis ' grand slam ?
0 what happens when a body relation falls asleep ?
1 what are the 28 grammatical category in the english language ?
1 what is a fear of invertebrate ?
1 which side should a bowler facing a 37803 split hit the 3-pin on-the left field or the right ?
5 how much could you rent a volkswagen microbe for in 1966 ?
3 who made the first board ?
5 how many people in the usa say their act one source of information is the newspaper ?
0 What is a gas release event ?
1 in which tennessee williams dramatic composition is one of the characters killed and devoured by a mob of starving children ?
1 what explosive do you get by mixing carbon , sulfur and saltpeter ?
3 what dumb-but-loveable character did maurice gosfield dramatic composition on the phil silvers show ?
3 what was the language unit of randy craft 's lawyer ?
1 what nantucket shipwreck killed more divers exploring it than the 52 multitude it sank with ?
5 what was the u.s. road death toll in 1969 ?
5 how many electoral votes does it take to win tenure ?
0 what does the explanation of quantum leaps mean in simpler terms ?
1 what were the name of the three ships used by columbus ?
1 what mutant does chris jogis play ?
1 what is a emotion of being dirty ?
1 What is the world 's deadliest infectious disease ?
1 What do you call a section of your finger from one joint to another ?
1 Aspartame is known by what other name ?
1 what is smokey the bear 's middle language unit ?
2 What does HIV stand for ?
3 what writer of the days of our lives cookbook signed on in 198 as liz chandler in tv 's days of our lives ?
1 which magazine is `` fine entertainwork forcet for work force '' ?
3 what english queen had seventeen child ?
3 Who owns the rights on a TV program ?
4 What is the most populated city in the world ?
5 what case of year do most people fly ?
0 what is the 401 , k , idea ?
1 what powdered soft drink mix went into attribute ?
3 what honeymooners actress did television magazine name as 1953 's most promising star ?
0 how do you box train a cat-o'-nine-tails ?
3 Who would you use the Heimlich maneuver on ?
0 what is the point of `` beauty is in the eye of the beholder '' ?
5 when was the first railroad from the east shore to the west shore completed ?
0 how do wasps make their nest ?
3 who is pia zadora 's rich person husband and mentor ?
5 what is the average hours per time period spent online by aol users ?
1 what series of attempt followed world war ii ?
5 what was the number of assassinations and activity to assassinate in the u.s. since 1865 ?
1 which gender has bigger thigh ?
5 How long is the world 's largest ship , in meters ?
0 what is the quality between love and infatuation ?
4 which region produces the least acidic coffee ?
5 What time of year do most people fly ?
3 rotary engines were manufactured by which ship's company ?
5 By how much will the California state gas tax rise by the year 2000 ?
4 where on the internet can i get material importers ?
1 what is the term for the slope of the mountain that faces the prevailing winds ?
1 what does the technique called `` cold coalition '' produce ?
0 what is the origin of the expression `` four-letter language unit '' ?
1 what does the six-footed musca domestica become when it enters a firm ?
3 what category of business is 7-eleven ?
3 who spoke the only discussion in mel brooks 's silent movie ?
3 who sang about desmond and molly jones ?
5 How many trees go into paper making in a year ?
4 what building built in 18 contains 327 miles of publication shelves ?
3 what new orleans d.a. claimed : `` my staff and i solved the assassination workweek ago '' ?
1 Which side should a bowler facing a 37803 split hit the 3-pin on-the left or the right ?
5 what fraction of a fur 's life is spent swimming ?
4 which large u.s. municipality had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?
3 who created the imaginary being in mary shelley 's novel frankenstein ?
1 What is the formula to calculate pi ?
1 What is a fear of money ?
3 who made the most appearances in the center square on hollywood squares ?
5 how much money did the marcos steal from their political unit ?
3 who followed up his first two underwater adventure story with the girl of the sea of cortez ?
1 what color is mr. spock 's liquid body substance ?
5 How long was the longest sneezing attack ?
3 what player squats an average of 3 fourth dimension during a baseball doubleheader ?
0 What is the difference between pop music and rock and roll ?
5 how many earthworms are in a single eatage ?
3 Who is stationed at Camp Swampy in the comic strips ?
5 what was thatcher 's approval evaluation after 10 years in power ?
3 who is known as `` the world 's oldest teenager '' ?
3 What is Goldfinger 's first name ?
0 what feature of speech of the african elephant are larger than those of the indian elephant ?
3 Who was Darius ?
5 what seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance data ?
0 From what cause does tuberculosis stem ?
1 what is the term that describes a word where only one custom has been recorded in all literature ?
1 what foods contain the most macromolecule ?
1 what movie was based on the play everybody comes to rick 's ?
1 what carries gamete up into the pelvic region ?
1 what tv show did john sebastian sing the message for ?
4 What 's the second-largest island in the world ?
5 How many inches apart are adjacent pins in tenpin bowling ?
1 what was the monster in spielberg 's movie `` jaws '' ?
3 who is king in alley oop 's home of moo ?
5 how many time of life did shea & gould practice law in los angeles ?
5 by how much will the california state gas tax advance by the year 2000 ?
0 How do I contact Answers.com direct ?
0 why do pressure cooker save time in the kitchen ?
5 how many horses are there on a polo unit ?
3 what kind of occupation is 7-eleven ?
1 Who was the first animal into space ?
5 When was Yemen reunified ?
4 What are the ten safest American cities for pedestrians ?
4 Where does most of the marijuana entering the United States come from ?
1 what category of books does fodor 's publish ?
3 what category of company is 7-eleven ?
0 why are electric motor vehicle less efficient in the northeast than in california ?
1 what work requires you to interlace your warp and weft ?
3 what batman imaginary being tools around on a batcycle ?
4 What erupts every hour at Yellowstone National Park ?
3 what government division did the untouchables work for ?
0 how do you clean an lcd monitor filmdom ?
4 Where is Erykah Badu originally from ?
3 who was with patricia hearst the time period she was kidnaped ?
0 why do n't you guys have some sort of contest where you ask a doubt and whoever finds the answers wins a prize ?
3 What famed clown appeared on an early Howdy Doody Show and insisted that Clarabell be made up as a real clown ?
5 when was calypso auditory communication invented ?
5 what is the size of the enrollee body at the university of massachusetts in amherst ?
5 how many elevators do you ride to reach the top horizontal surface of the empire state building ?
3 who invented television ?
1 what is a research expedition in natural elevation climbing ?
0 How do you pronounce `` Tzimisce '' ?
1 what is 55 times sweeter than cane carbohydrate ?
5 When did Nixon visit China ?
1 What 's destroyed in Genesis 19 : 24 ?
3 what tv talk-show host lends his name to a line of work force 's clothing ?
3 which nba players had jersey amount 0 ?
0 what made the short-lived star hawks part so unique ?
1 In which Kevin Costner movie did Sioux Indians play a role ?
3 what is the name of the indian world health organization became prime minister by beating mrs. gandhi in the 1977 election ?
3 who were the yankee 's frequent enemies ?
3 who painted `` soft self-portrait with grilled bacon '' ?
3 Whose special bear 's creator was born on January 18 , 1779 ?
3 who killed more people , hitler or stalin ?
0 What are some fun things to do in Cozumel , Mexico for teenagers ?
3 Who wrote NN DT NNP NNP '' ?
1 what drink is made up of rummy , coconut milk and pineapple ?
4 what attracts tourists to reims ?
1 what are the different type of plastic ?
3 what record company produced the 1978 product the wiz ?
5 how much in nautical mile is a ten k run ?
1 Which side of the face do most artists tend to show more of in self-portraits ?
4 what european municipality do nicois live in ?
1 what do skilled worker use to measure time ?
4 What country covers 8 , 600 , 387 square miles ?
0 What 's the last line of Dickens 's A Christmas Carol ?
5 how many gang are there on a five-zone archery target ?
3 what was the language unit of `` the muppets '' creator ?
0 What is literary criticism ?
4 what state on the gulf of mexico has its lowest point five feet below sea floor ?
1 What is the name of Jamiroquai new album ?
4 what mountain range marks the margin of france and spain ?
3 what well-known tv conversation show host was a lay preacher by the time he was seventeen ?
1 What chocolate bar created by Frank Mars and his wife is often called a Milky Way with peanuts ?
1 What are the components of polyester ?
0 what was the rallying war cry of the early american revolutionaries ?
5 how many flag are there in a rainbow ?
1 what sports magazine has the largest dissemination ?
4 what nation boasts the most cars per mile of road ?
1 what 's the no. 1 killer in industrialized countries ?
5 When was Dubai 's first concrete house built ?
1 what four-legged creature did a cornell university examination say would make man 's best companion in space ?
1 what visual property are tennis balls ?
1 What types of water pollution are there ?
3 what college did joe namath play contact sport for ?
3 who was the first american world chess champion ?
0 What is the origin of the word , magic ?
1 What 's the Hungarian word for pepper ?
1 what drink contains as many kind of rum as possible ?
1 what crop bankruptcy caused the irish famine ?
0 Where did Indian Pudding come from ?
4 where is the largest post office structure in the world ?
0 what is the quality between a board of directors and an advisory board ?
3 who invented panties ?
0 how would i find the monetary value of different organs that have been donated ?
4 which city in china has the largest number of foreign financial ship's company ?
1 what game 's circuit board shows the territories of irkutsk , yakutsk and kamchatka ?
1 what class is categorized as the class ?
1 what script opens : `` at a certain village in la mancha , which i shall not name.. . '' ?
1 what musical instrument did prewitt play in james jones 's from here to eternity ?
5 how long should a person wash their guardianship before they are clean ?
3 what 's the most common appellation of u.s. college football teams ?
0 what are the environmental power on plant genetics ?
3 who played the parent on `` charles in charge '' ?
4 what nation did the mau mau uprising take place in ?
5 what is the recomended property to switch a child from a crib to a bed ?
1 What does it take to become a lawyer ?
4 What celestial body has a diameter of 864 , 000 miles ?
1 in what structure did ivan iv support russian expansion ?
3 who invented the radio ?
2 What does IOC stand for ?
3 Whose first presidential order was : `` Let 's get this goddamn thing airborne '' ?
0 What is home banking ?
0 what facial feature did walt disney sport that none of disney 's worker is allowed to ?
0 how do you convert animal foot-pounds to animal foot-inches ?
3 who says , `` if you don 'deoxythymidine monophosphate look good , we don 'deoxythymidine monophosphate look good '' ?
1 what movie enlistment of the roman empire features the admonition : `` row well and live '' ?
1 what is a concern of color ?
3 which one of the original seven mercury program astronaut did not fly on any of the mercury flights ?
4 what are the four largest batch ranges in the continental united states ?
1 which sex is denied choice rights in kuwait ?
5 how much in miles is a ten k run ?
3 what are the top ten all-case money making nfl teams ?
5 When did Jaco Pastorius die ?
1 which bodily process is twice as likely to contract leprosy ?
0 what is the difference between a man and a 1 bedroom apartment ?
4 where on the internet can i find a song lyrics database similar to the international lyrics server ?
4 what city 's the kickoff point for slope of mount everest ?
4 What U.S. city is known as The Rubber Capital of the World ?
1 What war added jeep and quisling to the English language ?
3 what institution is being bought by yahoo and how much is the deal worth ?
3 who is the current prime curate and president of russia ?
4 What Russian seaport has a name meaning `` Lord of the East '' ?
3 who wrote sons and lovers ?
1 what is the word that describes a word where only one usage has been recorded in all literature ?
1 what magazine gives us the cream , not the covering ?
5 in what year was de gaulle elected president of the united states of france ?
1 what color are seven of every 10 building in the u.s. ?
0 why does a wheel , e.g. a car hoop , appear to spin in the opposite direction as it slows down ?
5 what is the world phonograph record for the longest hair ?
4 Where can I find pictorial directions on how to build a very simple treehouse ?
0 how is department of energy created ?
0 how is the election of a new pope announced to the worldly concern ?
1 who was the first organism into space ?
3 what writer can be found in and around walden puddle ?
4 What are the world 's four oceans ?
3 what film director portrayed the commandant of the pow camp in 1953 's stalag 17 ?
4 What constellation is known as The Water Bearer ?
3 What Nobel laureate was expelled from the Philippines before the conference on East Timor ?
1 what is the name of the rare neurological illness with symptoms such as : involuntary movements , tics , swearing , and incoherent vocalizations , grunts , shouts , etc. ?
5 on average , how long time does it take to type a script ?
0 What are manifest and latent function theories ?
5 How far do you have to run if you hit a home run ?
3 what was the name given the 6 , 500 german airforce troops that used the spanish civil war as a training use ?
3 what television system flogged its sports programming on inga nielsen 's body in 197 ?
5 how many group live in cities ?
4 what is the web code at which i can find the e-mail code of a member of the us house of representatives ?
3 what was mao , the chinese leader 's , full language unit ?
1 what are other ways of getting stretch mark besides pregnancy , weight loss , and weight lifting ?
0 what 's a `` coup d'etat de poing '' to a french boxer ?
3 what honeymooners actress did television cartridge holder name as 1953 's most promising star ?
1 What rum is so `` mixable '' it is a one-brand bar ?
1 what class of animals makes up more than two-thirds of known taxonomic group ?
1 which mosquito 's bite draws liquid body substance , dt nn cc dt nn .
1 what class is categorized as the middle class ?
1 what does god create in the first string of words of the bible ?
0 wheaddress is a devo headdress ?
3 what 's the better-known identity of john merrick , the noble monster of victorian england ?
3 what medical practitioner is synonymous with footwear and foot care ?
1 what movie has made the most medium of exchange ?
1 what nevil shute novel is about the doomed survivor of a nuclear war ?
1 What was the name of the ball game played by the mayans ?
3 What Ivy League school plays its home games at Palmer Stadium ?
5 how many votes in congress dissented from the 1941 contract of war with japan ?
3 who said : `` the victor will never be asked if he told the truth '' ?
1 what is nero wolfe 's favorite drink during position hours ?
1 What is the name of the largest water conservancy project in China ?
4 what state of matter 's home to the buffalo bill historical center ?
5 How long does it take to hike the entire Appalachian Trail ?
5 when was the first railroad from the east seashore to the west seashore completed ?
0 What do you need to do to marry someone in jail ?
1 what press returned a pulitzer prize for the fraudulent story jimmy 's world ?
1 what do you call the spirit of having experienced something before ?
3 Who was the tallest U.S. president ?
3 what actor and world war ii aviator had a $5 , 0 bounty put on his head by hermann goering ?
5 how many sperm cell are in an average ejaculation ?
5 how many characters makes up a word for typing experiment purposes ?
1 What is another term for the painful wrist syndrome ?
4 what natural attractions draw the most visitor in the united states ?
5 what time unit of the week sees the most fatal car accidents ?
1 what snack food has ridge ?
3 What 's the name of Tom Sawyer 's aunt with whom he lives ?
4 where do multitude mountain climb in nepal ?
1 what kinds of organism are in cambodia ?
5 how many points is a disk in the area hole worth in crokinole ?
0 What is the definition of cosmology ?
1 what is a fear of quartz glass or glass ?
5 How many bottles of wine were prisoners in the Bastille allowed per day ?
3 Who invented the fountain ?
3 what person of leo tolstoy translated war and peace eight times ?
4 What state full of milk and honey was the destination in The Grapes of Wrath ?
0 What is a courier ?
0 why do movie and tv celestial body get paid so much ?
1 what was the first video recording ever made ?
5 what is the focal ratio of the mississippi river ?
3 what are the top ten most common girlfriend names in the us ?
5 what time period was the naacp founded ?
5 what is the pig bed population of the world ?
3 who is section manager for guidance and control systems at jpl ?
3 name of heroine in `` scruples '' ?
2 what is ram in the computer ?
3 Who was the Columbia Pictures head who forged actor Cliff Robertson 's name on a $1 , 000 check ?
0 how did the u.s. come into the possession of an empire in the consequence of the spanish-american war ?
1 what is the correct manner to mount a roll of toilet paper ?
0 what 's the deviation between j.d. and ll.m. ?
5 how many feet high is the hurdle in front of a base runner 's steeplechase water jump ?
3 what was mao , the chinese drawing card 's , full name ?
3 who was confucius ?
0 How do I sing like Elvis Presley ?
1 what is the fastest calculator ?
5 how many teats does a female bovid sport ?
5 what chapter of gone with the wind has rhett butler leaving scarlett o 'hara ?
1 what basketball tactic did bert loomis invent ?
1 which gender has bigger limb ?
1 what is the name of the pawl on the cracker jack box ?
4 what former royal palace has served as a granary , prison , arsenal , leper colony , large indefinite quantity , telegraph station and whorehouse before becoming an art museum ?
3 Whom did Friz Freleng add to the Warner Bros. cartoon ranks ?
5 how many canadians emmigrate each class ?
5 how much physical phenomenon does the brain need to work ?
0 how do you tell your parents you are dating an older valet ?
1 what product on the activity is good for hiding facial scars ?
1 what tv series features the adventures of a married couple named jonathan and jennifer ?
0 what is the point of the name katie ?
3 who is the director and editor of the product big starring tom hanks ?
1 what 's the literary word for a play on words ?
1 in what toiletry commercial did tenants have adjoining medicine cabinets ?
5 how many american actor were nominated for the best actor oscar for 1983 ?
5 How much will the California be in the year 2000 ?
5 What is the protection rate of using condoms ?
4 Where can I get mailing lists ?
3 what was american folk leader john chapman 's nickname ?
4 Where can I find out the top 1 singles ?
0 how do i get a complete list of all the group that are living with the last name kilvington ?
1 what is the longest language unit in the english language ?
4 what constellation contains the gemini castor and pollux ?
5 what is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 group will have the same birthday ?
5 how much calcium should an person female have daily ?
1 what five card game make up a perfect cribbage hand ?
1 How do you say 2 in Latin ?
5 How much money does each player get at the beginning of the game in Monopoly ?
3 what video game champion do some of his fans call chomper ?
4 what 's the only east european nation not tied to the ruble ?
1 what baseball outcome required nine game equipment in 1879 , eight game equipment in 1880 and seven game equipment in 1881 ?
1 what beverage is made up of rum , coconut milk and pineapple ?
3 who were leaders of the byzantine empire ?
5 what are the dimension of pearl necklaces ?
5 how many square feet is bill gates ' home plate ?
1 what is the only meaning that gives food its `` taste '' when eaten ?
4 What country is the largest diamond producer ?
1 what is a word whose letter can be rearranged to form a different word ?
3 what mystery communicator penned `` ...the glory that was greece , and the grandeur that was rome '' ?
3 who was the first black adult to star in the folies bergeres ?
1 what did jack exchange with the merchant for a handful of beans ?
5 how many innings constitute an official baseball plot ?
0 how has tv affected our society ?
0 What does the word terrorism mean ?
0 what is meant by lineage sed rate ?
3 Who danced into stardom with Fred Astaire in 1941 's You 'll Never Get Rich ?
4 where did telegram cars first roll down clay street in 1873 ?
3 Who is actress Goldie Hawn 's current actor boyfriend ?
4 what structure built in 18 contains 327 miles of book shelves ?
5 what date did valet first land on the moon ?
3 who was the bandleader mentor of ella fitzgerald with whom she cowrote `` a_tisket , a-tasket '' ?
3 Who gave us the `` Rolling Writer '' ?
5 how long was the tv nongovernmental organization of star trek 's enterprise to be ?
3 who was the lawyer for randy steven craft ?
5 How long does a fly live ?
5 how long does a dipterous insect live ?
4 what is the country of beginning for the name thomas ?
0 what is the body covering style called that new military recruits receive ?
5 what time of year do most multitude fly ?
4 What square is the geographical center of London ?
4 what municipality boasts the billingsgate fishmarket ?
5 when does the average teenager first have sexual intercourse ?
3 who was chief engineer of the starship enterprise ?
3 What is Nicholas Cage 's occupation ?
1 what kind of education do i need to become a flight assistant ?
3 What was the name of the Confederate mounted guerrilla group with which Jesse James and Coleman Younger had ridden ?
3 what u.s. air force general led the first attack raid over tokyo ?
4 what is the web savoir-faire at which i can find the e-mail savoir-faire of a member of the us house of representatives ?
1 what was the language unit of the crimean meeting of roosevelt , churchill , and stalin ?
5 how many layers of yellow paint is a faber mongol writing implement lucky enough to be sprayed with ?
3 who made stonehenge ?
3 who was credited with saying : `` i never met a man i did n't like '' ?
1 what kind of animal were in the paleozoic era ?
0 what kind of acknowledgment is appropriate to send on yom kippur ?
1 what russian novel embracing more the 5 characters is set in the napoleonic wars ?
4 what tokyo street brightness with famed department stores and nightclubs ?
5 How many innings constitute an official baseball game ?
5 What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?
5 What year were the Olympic Games played in where Nadia Comaneci became popular ?
3 Who is John Macarthur , 1767-1834 ?
4 what direction do most baseball pitcher pitch toward ?
3 which japanese car maker had its biggest percentage of selling in the domestic market ?
1 what 's the international radio code language unit for the letter f ?
3 who is section manager for guidance and command systems at jpl ?
3 name of learner on whose literal translations from the chinese and japanese ezra pound depended ?
5 how long do hermit pediculosis live ?
3 What were the last names of gangsters Bonnie and Clyde ?
1 what is a emotion of sinning ?
4 what country 's national passenger rail instrumentality is called via ?
3 Who shared a New York City apartment with Roger Maris the year he hit 61 home runs ?
5 How many American soldiers have died for their country to date ?
1 what person of the racoon is sometimes known as the cat-bear ?
3 who sued the dannon yougurt company for using a character named ron raider for forwarding ?
3 who kept the most famous diary in the english communication ?
4 what is the second highest mountain peak in the worldly concern ?
1 What color bottles do good Rhine wines come in ?
1 what is the scotch `` for people who know the deviation '' ?
4 where must a soccer goalkeeper stand to be permitted to handle the ball ?
5 How old was George Washington when he died ?
1 what movie dramatized the scopes monkey trial ?
4 Where are the busiest Amtrak rail stations in the U.S. ?
1 what children 's message contains the line : `` come , cinderslut , and hold this skein of wool for me '' ?
3 which of the following famous people does not paint as a pastime ?
5 how many dots make up the signal for `` because '' ?
0 how did shipyard inspector james j. kilroy designate instrumentality as being satisfactory ?
5 How much does it cost to have a tree planted by dialing , 900 , 740-TREE ?
1 what do ladybug eat ?
1 what craw failure caused the irish famine ?
5 In what year did Thatcher become prime minister ?
3 Who was Jane Goodall ?
1 name the disposable razor that `` costs about 19 penny . ''
0 what are the requirements for becoming a national of australia ?
3 who directed `` jaws '' ?
5 what season is the setting for shakespeare 's midsummer night 's dream ?
5 what 's a perfect score in a gymnastics effort ?
5 what is the outgo of the drugs used in tuberculosis treatments ?
3 who made the rotary motor automobile ?
5 What is the size of the student body at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst ?
3 who was shakespeare 's moorish general ?
4 what two european political unit are joined by the gran san bernardo pass ?
1 what playing circuit board symbolizes death ?
5 what day of the week sees the most fatal car accident ?
3 who is the director of the international group called the human genome organization , hugo , that is trying to coordinate gene-mathematical relation research worldwide ?
4 where can i get information and statistics on country and nations ?
3 who made the first heavier-than-air craft that could fly ?
4 What man-made waterways is 1.76 miles long ?
1 what is a research expedition in batch climbing ?
0 how is the part strontium purified ?
0 how does zatanna perform her magic in dc cartoon ?
4 Where is the world championship sled dog race held each February ?
5 How many school districts are there in the United States ?
5 how many force died building the mackinaw bridge ?
3 name the designer of the shoe that spawned millions of plastic imitations , known as ` dainty ' .
1 which peg does a cat move with its left front peg when walking - its left rear or right rear peg ?
3 the major league baseball unit in pittsburgh is called what ?
0 what do the illustration represent on the easter island ?
1 what is the rounded part on the circus tent of a matchbook called ?
3 who were the four famous laminitis of united artists ?
2 what does a&w of plant organ beer fame stand for ?
0 what does `` extended explanation '' mean and how would one write a paper on it ?
4 where can i find scientific data , `` inquiry papers , '' on textile engineering ?
3 What author did photographer Yousuf Karsh call `` the shiest man I ever met '' ?
3 Who delivered his last newscast on March 6 , 1981 ?
0 what are the urals ?
1 Stuart Hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of which medium ?
3 whom did the chicago bulls beat in the 1993 high status ?
0 how do fuel injector work ?
5 what is the normal resting kernel rate of a healthy adult ?
4 what political unit 's royal house is bourbon-parma ?
3 What creative genius said : `` Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits '' ?
3 what company started out making pastry , and wound up manufacturing plastic throwing toys ?
3 name deoxythymidine monophosphatehe company deoxythymidine monophosphatehadeoxythymidine monophosphate used deoxythymidine monophosphatehe line , `` even your besdeoxythymidine monophosphate friend won 'deoxythymidine monophosphate deoxythymidine monophosphateell you '' in ideoxythymidine monophosphates ad ?
3 What store does Martha Stewart advertise for ?
3 what actress holds the record for the most appearances on the binding of life ?
0 how does a small businessman contact the good humor ice cream institution to do business with them ?
1 which two products use a tiger as their signal ?
5 how many u.s. presidents were assassinated during queen victoria 's time period ?
1 what shampoo prevents eczema , skin disease , and psoriasis ?
3 who was shot in the back during a poker plot in deadwood , the dakota territory ?
3 Who was considered to be the father of psychology ?
1 what color flies closest to the staff on belgium 's iris ?
5 how many times can a metallic element-cadmium rechargeable battery be recharged ?
3 what major airline has the best condom record in the world ?
0 what is the origin of the ethnic category `` white '' ?
5 how much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of chocolate ?
0 how do ouija boards activity ?
1 what two vessels fought the first sea battle between metallic element-covered ships ?
3 who markets spaghetti-o 's ?
5 How long does it take light to reach the Earth from the Sun ?
3 rotary engine cars were made by what ship's company ?
5 when did rococo painting and computer architecture flourish ?
5 how many opinion does a bat have ?
3 what imaginary being narrates treasure island ?
1 on what t.v. appearance could tom terrific be found ?
3 Who is known as `` the world 's oldest teenager '' ?
3 what 1920s cowboy ace rode tony the wonder horse ?
1 what is the term for causal agent who hates mankind ?
5 when did water sport become commonplace ?
0 what facial feature did walt disney sport that hour of disney 's employees is allowed to ?
1 What is the name given to a group of geese ?
3 what fictional character did tex avery first create upon arriving at mgm ?
1 what video recording format was an alternative to vhs ?
5 At what age did Rossini stop writing opera ?
0 why do pharmacists work on raised horizontal surface ?
1 What foods contain the most protein ?
1 what food can i use to catch a marsupial ?
1 what kind of cable car did janis joplin ask the lord to buy her ?
5 what is the average date when most walk begin putting up christmas holiday decorations ?
0 What is Zionism ?
0 how do i find info about grain importers in the world ?
5 when did thatcher become prime curate ?
3 what performer has a tattoo on his right wrist reading scotland forever ?
1 What brand of white rum is still made in Cuba ?
5 what time period 's the setting for tv 's the adventures of robin hood ?
5 how many muscles does an huitre have ?
1 what plants are found in an body of water ?
0 what is human body drag ?
5 How many electoral college votes does Colorado have ?
3 who is the ace in rent-a-cars ?
3 what attorneys work for the center for the defense of free enterprise ?
3 Who portrayed Sherlock Holmes in 14 films between 1939 and 1946 ?
0 what are some fun things to do in cozumel , mexico for adolescent ?
0 how can i find a list of , fax and or electronic communication , addresses for human resource departments in massachusetts ?
5 How long does it take different materials to decompose ?
5 how much did the iran-contra probe cost ?
1 what four sensation can a human distinguish ?
3 who wrote the poem that starts `` i love your lips when they 're wet with wine and red with a warm desire '' ?
4 where can i find a web site that gives comparisons of good prices ?
4 what scandinavian capital is built on nine bridge-connected island ?
4 what is the largest position block in the world ?
3 who retired with 755 home runs to his credit ?
0 what 's the difference between tft and dual-scan demonstration ?
0 what 's the assertion to fame of night watchman frank wills ?
4 what 's the most powerful political unit in the world ?
1 what penalty space lies between baltic avenue and reading railroad on a monopoly circuit board ?
3 Who sells Viagra ?
3 in what high-risk occupation venture did jimmy the greek bet and lose ?
1 what canine was dubbed the mortgage lifter ?
1 what color is the eight-musket ball in pocket billiards ?
0 in the musical composition `` yankee doodle , '' why did yankee doodle stick a feather in his cap and call it macaroni ?
1 what meter did shakespeare consumption in writing : `` to be , or not to be , that is the question.. . '' ?
4 what north american city sprouts the most parking meter ?
0 why do n't you guys have some category of contest where you ask a question and whoever finds the answers wins a prize ?
1 what three colors of liquid are used to print a u.s. dollar bill ?
4 what are the four largest natural elevation ranges on the asian continent ?
3 who shot and killed himself while painting wheatfield with crows ?
3 Who is Johnny Carson ?
4 what u.s. state of matter has the second-longest coastline ?
3 what is the best distance department of education university or college ?
0 how does the range of command work inside an us army apache helicopter ?
3 which of the following tv communicator was a rhodes scholar ?
3 what businesses in alaska were affected by the exxon valdez oil spillway ?
3 what baseball celestial body turned down a $1 , 000-a-year contract because he felt he had n't earned it ?
5 how many calories are there in bean sauce ?
1 what color is the stripe along each region of a coho salmon ?
5 How many pitchers occupy the shelf beside the crouching woman in Edgar Degas 's 1886 painting The Tub ?
3 who sang the song `` hooked on a feeling '' in the diversion baby episode of `` ally mcbeal '' ?
1 what document is to the right of k on a typewriter keyboard ?
0 what are the sac ?
1 which type of pop has the greatest amount of caffeine ?
1 What color Poker chip is usually assigned the lowest value ?
5 what is the abstraction of american soldiers still unaccounted for from the vietnam war ?
1 what is the negotiation circle in cartoons called ?
0 in waugh 's `` a handful of dust , '' what does the mad old adult force the hero to do every afternoon ?
3 who served as inspiration for the schoolteacher portrayed by robin williams in `` dead poets society '' ?
3 What civilization invented the arch ?
3 who is the godhead of `` the muppets '' ?
5 independent silversmith 's report for what percentage of silver production ?
3 what was queen victoria 's heading regarding india ?
0 What is the history of Valentine 's Day cards ?
0 what are the benefit of home school ?
0 why are electric cable car less efficient in the northeast than in california ?
4 where do lobster like to live ?
1 what color is the stripe along each slope of a coho salmon ?
0 how does the focal ratio the magnet spins in a generator affect the output of the generator ?
3 who killed lee harvey oswald ?
5 what 's the maximum length , in linear unit , of a first baseman 's glove ?
3 who was the only president to serve two nonconsecutive term ?
3 what longtime game show master of ceremonies dropped dead while jogging in central park in 1984 ?
1 name the soft beverage that is `` number one in the sun . ''
3 who was the charlie perfume woman ?
3 who lives at 24 sussex drive , ottawa ?
4 where did the language unit daniel originate ?
1 In Kafka 's Metamorphosis , the hero awakes one morning to find himself turned into what ?
1 what do you call a poker hand with five game of the same suit ?
3 who was america 's first public enemy no. 1 ?
3 who was named admiral of the ocean seas and viceroy and governor general of all the islands he might discover , and also granted 10-?? of all profits of his water travel .
4 what asian city boasts the world 's biggest bowling bowling alley ?
0 how does a small businessman liaison the good humor ice cream company to do business with them ?
1 What did The Gas House Gang play ?
0 what is the origin of the term salt jerk ?
1 what soft drink held a national flavor inquiry in 1967 ?
1 what `` thaw in your mouth , not in your hands '' .
0 what is cancer ?
4 where can i find examples of legal lawsuit about the individuals with disabilities education act ?
5 how many multitude are there in the world ?
3 name randy craft 's professional .
4 what is the largest and most expensive freeway creating from raw materials project in the u.s. right now ?
0 What is object-oriented design ?
3 what argentine combatant was shot dead outside a nevada brothel in may ?
5 how many component make up a perfect fivepin bowling score ?
1 what card game can feature merchant 's choice ?
3 what spanish creator painted crucifixion ?
3 who sang the song `` hooked on a feeling '' in the dancing child episode of `` ally mcbeal '' ?
3 who wrote the birdcall , `` silent night '' ?
5 what debt did qintex group leave ?
3 who was the first russian traveler to walk in space ?
0 why does sound travel quicker through binary compound than air ?
1 what character of bridge is the golden gate bridge ?
3 what female faith expert wrote the inspirational book i believe in miracles ?
5 in what year did the bounty rebellion happen ?
1 What was the monster in Spielberg 's film `` Jaws '' ?
1 what did british companies stick 175 , 0 tons of beverage into in 1982 ?
0 what should you do for an gliding joint sprain ?
1 what is a fear of infectious disease ?
1 What international amateur sports spectacle was first telecast in 1956 ?
0 what is the point of the proverb `` a stitch in time saves nine '' ?
3 what lawyer won the largest separation settlement , $85 million , in u.s. history for sheika dena al-farri ?
1 what cigarette is `` a whole new worldly concern '' ?
5 how many different country export coffee ?
3 what `` marvelous '' major-league ball game player is now a spokesman for a beer company ?
0 what was the reason for the structure of the anglican and vatican churches ?
4 what city has the world 's longest subway instrumentality ?
4 what is the oldest computer on the internet ?
3 Who tramped through Florida looking for the Fountain of Youth ?
4 what is the greatest hiking web site ?
1 what board game does a `` wood-pusher '' dramatic composition poorly ?
0 where did the word `` 86ed '' come from ?
5 How many queen bees reign in a hive ?
3 what president was meant for , but never placed in , the empty crypt beneath the assets 's rotunda ?
0 what is in child powder and child lotion that makes it smell the way it does ?
3 what college did dikembe mutombo play court game for ?
4 What does the River Seine empty into ?
0 what 's the difference and advantage of selecting a super vhs vcr over plain vhs model ?
5 How many logarithmic scales are there on a slide rule ?
1 what product 's promotion claim that it `` eliminates odors , kills household germs , mold , and mildew '' ?
5 what is the chromosome number of an pachyderm ?
3 who was the russian ambassador to hungary during the 1956 uprising ?
5 how many more workweek of winter are there if a ground hog sees his shadow ?
3 What is the present Pope named ?
0 what is the difference between pop music and rock and bun ?
3 who was the first american worldly concern chess champion ?
3 which of the following tv newsmen was a rhodes learner ?
5 how many meters are in a linear unit ?
4 where can i find scientific data , `` research document , '' on textile engineering ?
5 how many propellers helped power the plane the wright brothers flew into past ?
3 what performer said in a day at the races : `` either he 's dead or my watch has stopped '' ?
5 what are the odds of giving birth to gemini ?
3 name the designer of the shoe that spawned millions of plastic imitation , known as ` jellies ' .
1 what 's the name of jacques cousteau 's investigation ship ?
0 What is digitalis ?
0 what caused shea & gould to close their l.a. position ?
4 where does the musical composition anything goes take place ?
1 what playing paper symbolizes death ?
3 Who does the voices of the Simpsons ?
4 Where is the Isle of Man ?
5 in what year was the first patent for the pull-tab opener on container obtained ?
4 What southwestern state is dubbed The Silver State ?
3 Which Japanese car maker had its biggest percentage of sale in the domestic market ?
5 when was child labor movement abolished ?
0 why can 't you taste anything when you have a coldness ?
5 when did the neanderthal adult live ?
1 what punishment space lies between baltic avenue and reading railroad on a monopoly board ?
0 what is a sick person ?
4 what is one of the city that the university of minnesota is located in ?
1 How do you say I love you in Spanish ?
1 what is `` the soft beverage for adults '' ?
0 why do they sterilize the simple leaf for lethal injection ?
0 what were the first words spoken on a film audio track ?
3 what director made one silent and one sound translation of the ten commandments ?
4 What is the oldest website on the Internet ?
1 what stringed weapon happening a bolt ?
4 what natural force draw the most visitors in the united states ?
3 who is count cinzano ?
1 What color is Chablis ?
4 What two European countries entered the War of American Independence against the British ?
0 how does a hydroelectric dam activity ?
3 who was shakespeare 's moorish general ?
1 what would you add to the clay mixture to produce bone Asian country ?
5 how fast must a spacecraft travel to escape earth 's attraction ?
0 why was the l.a. position of shea and gould closed ?
0 why does a lamp go out when we blow on it ?
3 whose tattle voice was dubbed in for natalie wood in west side story and audrey hepburn in my fair lady ?
0 What is the poetic meter of blank verse ?
3 what u.s. president had brother-in-law in the confederate army ?
0 what 's the staff of life mentioned in the lord 's prayer ?
1 what commodity 's dearth was the largest single factor in keeping north american cars off the roads during world war ii ?
3 who sings the themes for `` dawson 's creek '' and `` felicity '' ?
4 Where is there information on the novel `` El Cid '' ?
4 What Mediterranean island is home to the first Club Med ?
1 what meter did shakespeare use in writing : `` to be , or not to be , that is the doubt.. . '' ?
4 What country imposed the Berlin Blockade in 1948 ?
1 what musical composition served as the closing theme of the johnny cash show ?
4 what is the best medical building for orthopedics in the country ?
0 how do chickens have child chicks ?
3 who said : `` what contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my meal ? ''
0 from what lawsuit does tuberculosis stem ?
5 how large is the arctic refuge to preserve unique wildlife and wilderness value on alaska 's north seashore ?
3 who holds the career record for the most major league home plate runs ?
0 what consequence does friction have on perpetual motion ?
0 what are the cake in internet ?
5 how many furlongs are there in a mile-and-a-common fraction recetrack ?
5 how many species of shark are there ?
3 what actor said in a day at the races : `` either he 's dead or my timepiece has stopped '' ?
3 what company is the largest japanese ship material ?
3 what kind of social group is ` last chance for animals ' ?
3 who is the president of ghana ?
0 What is the `` 7-minute cigarette '' ?
4 what 's the northernmost u.s. administrative district apart from alaska ?
4 where did victor hugo spend his absentee ?
0 why do pressure cookers save case in the kitchen ?
2 what does the e stand for in the equation e=mc2 ?
1 what is the dialogue circle in cartoon called ?
0 why is the gramineous plant green ?
1 What handicraft requires you to interlace your warp and weft ?
1 What are the two languages of Malta ?
3 what rock 'n' roll group raised a ruckus at the white house by singing american woman ?
1 what mutant is played on the largest field ?
0 What caused the division between the Anglicans and the Vatican ?
4 What was the highest mountain on earth before Mount Everest was discovered ?
3 what baseball unit owner and sailor is known as the mouth of the south ?
1 what product canine is buried in pere-lachaise cemetery in paris ?
1 what four-legged creature did a cornell university report say would make man 's best companion in space ?
1 which medium is hamblen the first tattle cowboy in ?
1 what field mutant did dentist william beers promote and write a standard book of rules for ?
3 who is the prophet of the belief of islam ?
0 how do i tie dye apparel ?
1 what is nero wolfe 's favorite helping during office hours ?
3 who was the lead actor in the movie ` sleepless in seattle ' ?
3 name the child left on a doorstep at the happening of gasoline alley .
3 what woman ballplayer has struck out ted williams and hank aaron ?
4 what continent pushes up the executive committee batch range ?
0 what 's the beginning of the word ` news ' ?
5 what was the monetary value of varian associates ' vacuum products division ?
5 what is the death fee of people dying from tuberculosis ?
4 Where was `` I have fallen , and I can 't get up '' said first ?
0 How does blood clot ?
4 what is the language unit of the tallest mountain in the world ?
1 What does a woman want ?
3 who was nicknamed the little corporal ?
4 where can i find message on alexander mackenzie ?
4 Where is Los Vegas ?
4 what is the name of the political unit which hitler ruled ?
3 who portrayed `` the adult without a face '' in the movie of the same name ?
3 who won a pulitzer prize for his fiction the caine mutiny ?
4 What is the best hospital for orthopedics in the country ?
3 which bourbon king was restored to the french throne during napoleon 's resignation ?
0 What 's distinctive about a palmiped 's feet ?
3 what actor holds the record for the most appearances on the cover of life ?
4 where did gulliver find a contest of tiny people ?
5 when did iraqi troop invade kuwait ?
3 what enigmatic u.s. vice president was once tried and acquitted for crime in a plot to set up his own independent empire in the west ?
0 what is the nursery verse rock-a-by baby about ?
3 who was the 3rd president of the united states ?
0 How did people respond to the idea of the first millenium ?
1 What do you call a date that contains sequencing numbers , like 9-8-98 ?
0 what is fourth dimension ?
1 what 's a `` drinker respirator '' better known as ?
5 how many muscles does an bivalve have ?
0 what is the hair manner called that new military recruits receive ?
3 who wrote the song , `` silent night '' ?
1 what is a fear of black multitude ?
3 who was bonnie blue butler 's founder ?
4 what is the assets of california ?
1 what became the biggest cash output in the u.s. in 1983 , surpassing corn ?
4 what two state of matter is washington d.c. between ?
0 what is meant by the term `` production to maturity '' in reference to bonds ?
1 What is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?
1 what was jimmy durante 's theme birdcall ?
0 why does a woman have to be a innocent to be a nun ?
3 what american writer wrote : `` good fences make good neighbors '' ?
4 where can i find the history of the hungarian communication ?
4 What is the capital of California ?
4 what are the worldly concern 's four oceans ?
3 what two baseball contestant make up the battery ?
5 How far can you see ?
3 name of scholar on whose literal translations from the chinese and japanese ezra pound depended ?
3 Who is Westview High 's band director in Funky Winkerbean ?
5 what month , date , and time period did charles i die ?
1 what is a concern of disease ?
3 who is snoopy 's arch-military unit ?
5 how many stars are there on the soviet union 's emblem ?
0 what is the c programming terminology ?
1 What four forms does gold occur in ?
5 how much money does each player get at the beginning of the activity in monopoly ?
1 what do you get by mixing liquor and vermouth ?
0 What is the nursery rhyme Rock-a-by Baby about ?
1 what part of their attire were `` pothooks '' to ranch hand of the old west ?
1 what is a concern of women ?
4 where is the natural object championship sled dog race held each february ?
1 What substance did Joseph Priestley name for its ability to erase pencil marks ?
4 What bay sparkles next to Miami , Florida ?
0 Why are the U.S. presidential elections held in November ?
3 Who was the bandleader mentor of Ella Fitzgerald with whom she cowrote `` A_Tisket , A-Tasket '' ?
3 who invented the pull-tab opener on cans ?
5 what is dick clark 's date of parturition ?
5 how many multitude died in the vietnam war ?
3 what ship's company was the original sponsor of tv 's superman ?
0 What is a Cartesian Diver ?
0 what is the recommended daily requirement for folic acid for pregnant adult ?
5 when was dubai 's first concrete building built ?
1 what is the concern of being loved ?
5 in what class did thatcher become prime minister ?
0 what happened during the blackhawk indian military action of 1832 ?
5 How many cherubs are there on a Trivial Pursuit board ?
0 What is the meaning of the name Ella ?
3 what tv character sired a horse named thunder ?
3 what baseball team owner and skilled worker is known as the mouth of the south ?
5 How big is a normal size penis for a 15-year-old ?
3 Which of the following did not receive a 1983 `` Outstanding Mother Award '' from the National Mother 's Day Committee ?
3 who 's the only president of the united states buried in washington
5 What percentage of Americans own their homes ?
1 what do even-toed ungulate store in their humps ?
4 what alcove divides maryland 's eastern and western shores ?
5 how many four star general were there and who are they ?
3 what ball game great plugged mr. coffee ?
1 what circuit board game can feature dealer 's choice ?
5 how many verse are in the bible ?
3 what democratic prankster waved the train out of the facility while richard nixon spoke from the caboose ?
1 what does an irate car owner call iron compound ?
4 what u.s. municipality is the queen of the pacific ?
0 What baseball expression came from the nautical term for ships sailing between the Atlantic and Pacific before the Panama Canal ?
5 how long does it take to hike the entire appalachian trail ?
4 in what character of the world is mozambique ?
1 What do West Indian steel bands use as instruments ?
1 what ernest hemingway novel had the working heading fiesta ?
1 what are other ways of getting stretch marks besides pregnancy , weight unit loss , and weight unit lifting ?
1 What species is a colt ?
3 which institution created the internet browser mosaic ?
3 who did bobby fischer beat to win the worldly concern chess championship ?
0 What causes someone to be ticklish ?
1 what intersection is for kids , and not for silly rabbits ?
3 what female belief healer wrote the inspirational book i believe in miracles ?
1 what do you call a poker hand with five cards of the same garment ?
5 how long was the longest reflex attack ?
0 what does the language unit terrorism mean ?
0 how were the sidereal day of the week named ?
1 what coevals am i in ?
1 what did the polyhedron-builders of egypt mainly eat ?
0 why is the mile 528 animal foot ?
5 how many cards are dealt to each actor in gin rummy ?
1 which ear can most group hear better with ?
1 What album put The Beatles on the cover of Time in 1967 ?
0 How do I give a good massage ?
3 what believer is taylor caldwell 's great lion of god ?
3 Who seized power from Milton Obote in 1971 ?
3 what is the full name of the man who invented the multicolored game regular polyhedron that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations ?
1 what don mclean musical composition laments the day buddy holly died ?
3 who first broke the sound obstruction ?
5 what 's the american dollar equivalent for 8 egyptian pound in the u.k. ?
3 who are woody woodpecker 's niece and nephew ?
3 what tv comedian 's characters include former movie star nora desmond , secretary mrs. wiggins and a housewife named eunice ?
3 who would you use the heimlich operation on ?
3 What longtime game show host dropped dead while jogging in Central Park in 1984 ?
1 Name the men 's cologne that is associated with the sea .
3 who invented make-up ?
1 what kind of animals were in the paleozoic earned run average ?
1 what joins white alcohol to put the spritz in a spritzer ?
5 how many quarts of whole beverage is needed to make one pound of butter ?
0 what is the origin of the name of braun ?
0 how does ultraviolet light damage the dna of skin compartment ?
3 who is the nebbish that is marvel 's official mascot ?
5 how many tiles did the space shuttle columbia lose on its second formation ?
4 What city boasts Penn 's Landing , on the banks of the Delaware river ?
5 what proportion of american men are alcoholic ?
5 what is the duration of border between the ukraine and russia ?
1 the corpus callosum is in what part of the consistency ?
3 what is the best art and design school in the worldly concern ?
3 what is larry king 's activity ?
5 in which year was the wit character chilly willy created ?
5 how many group in the usa say their number one source of information is the newspaper ?
1 what nutrient are for healthy bones and teeth ?
0 What is titanium ?
3 what mythical figure carries an hourglass and a edge tool ?
5 How many maids were milking ?
5 what are the three season months in the southern hemisphere ?
1 what is an information of a natural acid-base indicator ?
3 What was the nickname of model Leslie Hornby ?
1 What do chefs call The Master Spice ?
3 Who sang the song `` Hooked on a Feeling '' in the dancing baby episode of `` Ally Mcbeal '' ?
3 Who is the father of the computer ?
3 who wrote the poem that starts `` i love your lips when they 're wet with wine and chromatic color with a warm desire '' ?
0 what 's the staff of animation mentioned in the lord 's prayer ?
3 Who was the first black to be head coach of a major league pro sports team ?
1 What interesting method was used to run the credits in the early Popeye cartoons ?
5 How many colors are there in a rainbow ?
3 What President had never held an elected office until he was elected to the White House ?
4 where did the 6th annual confluence of indonesia-malaysia forest experts take place ?
5 how many community chest card game are there in monopoly ?
5 how many letters appear with the numbers 2 to 9 on a electronic equipment dial ?
0 what is the difference between haircloth and fur ?
3 who released the internet worm in the late 1980s ?
4 Where are there aborigines ?
4 what is the seafaring language unit for the southern tip of south america ?
3 what struggle star became `` the incredible hulk '' ?
4 What province is Edmonton located in ?
0 what is the film maker collabrative ?
3 what actor squats an average of 3 times during a baseball doubleheader ?
0 What is the hair style called that new military recruits receive ?
1 Name a film in which Jude Law acted .
3 who made a gravy boat out of gopher wood ?
0 why are so many umbrella black ?
4 what 's the most powerful nation in the world ?
1 what disease does katharine hepburn have that makes her part shake ?
1 What product is for kids , and not for silly rabbits ?
5 how many region does a heptagon have ?
3 Name one of King Henry VIII 's wives .
0 what is the origin of the word `` blue moon , '' and how often do they occur ?
1 what animals acted as lapwarmers for american colonists in religion ?
3 who played the championship role in my favorite martian ?
3 what onetime associate of ronald reagan 's cabinet called federal policy toward indians `` an example of the failure of socialism '' ?
3 who is archie bunker 's son-in-law ?
5 How many four star generals were there and who are they ?
3 Who lives at 24 Sussex Drive , Ottawa ?
1 what kind of garment did true hepcats wear in 1942 ?
3 Who was Damocles ?
4 what country 's royal building is bourbon-parma ?
0 What was the reason for the partition of the Anglican and Vatican churches ?
3 name a stage dancing company mikhail baryshnikov has danced for ?
3 who 's the only corporate executive buried in washington
3 what famous coach said `` if you can 't beat 'em in the alley , you can 't beat 'em on the crystal '' ?
3 who won the rugby world cup in ?
5 how many points is a round shape in the center hole worth in crokinole ?
1 What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?
1 what famed social group slaughter cut into the membership of bugs moran 's outfit ?
1 what is 55 times sweeter than walking stick sugar ?
0 what is meant by the term `` yield to time of life '' in reference to bonds ?
0 what is a dental plant organ canal ?
3 Who directed The Wild Bunch ?
1 what is the fastest machine ?
0 What 's the Olympic motto ?
3 who painted the sistine chapel ?
4 where can i find information on alexander mackenzie ?
5 how many degrees cooler is the region of a cucumber than the air outside ?
5 how much will the california be in the time period 2000 ?
5 what day of the workweek sees the most fatal car accidents ?
0 what is residence banking ?
1 which operating organization runs on ibm-compatible machines ?
3 who tramped through florida looking for the fountain of youth ?
0 what attribute traits are capricorns said to have ?
3 who moderated the first kennedy-nixon tv debate ?
4 What are the five richest countries in the world ?
3 Name the three races unleashed by the Celestials in Marvel comics .
1 what did woody allen call the japanese criminal film he dubbed into english as a comedy ?
3 what author of the days of our lives cookbook signed on in 198 as liz chandler in tv 's days of our lives ?
0 how does the elongated man know a perplexity is afoot ?
1 what kind of quartz glass exist ?
1 what trade did the 15th and 16th century portuguese anticipation to control between asia and europe ?
0 what is the difference between a vessel and a jar ?
1 What holidays are celebrated in Ireland ?
1 what are other ways of getting stretch marks besides pregnancy , physical property loss , and physical property lifting ?
5 When did the art of quilting begin ?
5 how big is the largest baseball diamond ?
5 how many furlong are there in a mile-and-a-quarter recetrack ?
3 who was bonnie blue butler 's father ?
3 what texas surgeon performed the first artificial heart animal tissue ?
5 What is the population of the United States ?
0 what are the short- and long-word effects of underage drinking ?
1 which is the most-used computer idea ?
0 What is a urologist ?
1 What 's the hardest substance in the human body ?
3 what longtime plot show host dropped dead while jogging in central park in 1984 ?
1 what writing did president andrew johnson want a copy of placed under his head upon his burial ?
3 what future deer hunter portrayed annie hall 's neurotic male sibling , duane ?
3 What court does Bob Woodward describe in The Brethren ?
4 what nation is the setting for edgar allan poe 's the pit and the pendulum ?
1 what organism scares people in the film `` jaws '' ?
3 Who commanded the French forces at the Battle of Orleans ?
5 what calendar month did the edmund fitzgerald sink ?
0 What is the meaning of `` subaru ? ''
3 who was the reformer who served as spokesperson for post grape nuts ?
1 what is the one matter you need before you can purchase life insurance ?
3 What Mexican leader was shot dead in 1923 ?
0 what is the proof that houseplant metabolize carcinogens ?
0 what does the name ` alexandra ' average ?
1 stuart hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of which culture medium ?
4 where can i get message concerning child custody files for the state of utah ?
4 Where can I read about Abraham Lincoln ?
3 who created the comic strip , `` garfield '' ?
3 who claimed he killed 4 , 280 bison as food for the crew building the kansas pacific railway ?
3 Which member of the Micronauts spent 1 years traveling the Microverse in the Marvel comics ?
0 in waugh 's `` a handful of dust , '' what does the mad old man force the champion to do every afternoon ?
5 how many people die from snakebite poisoning in the u.s. per time period ?
3 who patented the first phonograph ?
3 who is the father of the computer ?
1 what does a polyorchid adult have at least three of ?
0 what makes big h ?
3 Who is Mia Farrow 's mother ?
4 Where does dew come from ?
4 what political unit claimed rubens , van dyck and bruegel as citizens ?
3 what actor said in a day at the races : `` either he 's dead or my vigil has stopped '' ?
1 What are the main blood vessels ?
3 what team did ball game 's st. louis browns become ?
3 what future soviet speaker was training to be a priest when he got turned on to marxism ?
0 how do you get a broken bark out of a bottle ?
5 what season does a hiemal activity normally take seat in ?
0 What is a bone marrow transplant meant for ?
5 how many bottle of wine were prisoners in the bastille allowed per day ?
3 who portrayed the title imaginary being in the film the day of the jackal ?
4 what tokyo street glitters with famed department mercantile establishment and nightclubs ?
0 what 's a water cone ?
4 what is the oldest website on the internet ?
0 what is witch tree ?
4 where can i buy a good board for less than $200 ?
1 what tv appearance premiered on january 15 , 1981 ?
5 How many head injuries are there in recreational ice skating each year ?
3 what fast-food magnate 's initials graced the left sleeve of the san diego padres ' baseball uniform in 1984 ?
0 what causes canker sores in the sass ?
0 how can i get started in writing for television receiver ?
5 on which dates does the running of the bull occur in pamplona , spain ?
0 What do the names Neil , Mary , and Anthony mean ?
0 what is the point of the rock band led zeppelin 's name ?
4 What city would you be in if you were feeding the pigeons in the Piazza San Marco ?
3 who did arthur h. bremer try to assassinate on may 15 , 1972 ?
4 In Sinclair Lewis ' `` Main Street , '' what was the name of the typical American town ?
1 what newspaper returned a pulitzer prize for the fraudulent story jimmy 's world ?
1 what category of science is cosmology ?
1 what angiosperm did vincent van gogh paint ?
1 Which magazine is `` fine entertainment for men '' ?
1 what is the greatest source of `` white '' magic trick in the marvel universe ?
4 where is the valley of the kings ?
5 what is the first time unit of the week ?
0 why is the nautical mile 528 feet ?
3 what is a person called that likes happening ?
4 where can i find pictorial path on how to build a very simple treehouse ?
0 what does the theory of quantum jump mean in simpler terms ?
5 how many points is a disk in the center hole indefinite quantity in crokinole ?
5 how many people died because of a smoking trouble in 1997 ?
5 how many frame of reference does a disk camera shoot ?
5 how large is the arctic refuge to preserve unique wildlife and wilderness value on alaska 's north shore ?
3 who invented `` the muppets '' ?
4 what 's the largest u.s. municipality on the great lakes ?
5 how much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of beverage ?
5 what class did apartheid start ?
4 what french port claims to be the home of wines ?
3 what are the names of richard nixon 's two female offspring ?
3 who made the first airplane that could fly ?
1 what was newspaper made of in the late 16th century ?
1 What are birds descendents of ?
1 What Hollywood dog died in the arms of Jean Harlow in 1932 ?
3 what hard-of hearing creator painted sunflowers ?
0 what prompted the co-pilot of the enola gay to enter only `` my god '' in his wood ?
1 ray charles plays which device ?
0 how does a hydroelectric barrier work ?
4 what u.s. state has the lowest highest rise at 6 feet ?
5 what amount of folic compound should an expectant mother take daily ?
3 rotary engines used to be made by whom ?
5 what is the average hourly rate of american proletarian ?
1 which airplane was fawaz younis convicted of robbery ?
1 what format was the major business relation of vhs ?
0 What is the Hub of London ?
5 how far is the longest hole in 1 on any outdoor game course and where did it happen ?
3 who was considered to be the father of psychology ?
1 what 's an infant fastener called ?
4 what 's the name of a building in indianapolis ?
3 which of the following rock 'n' roll 'n roll stars has a `` star '' on hollywood boulevard ?
3 name the poet of the poem which begins : i do not know much about deity ; but i think that the river is a strong brown god-sullen , and untamed ?
5 what does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black trap ?
1 what was edward albee 's first full-duration play ?
5 How far out is the universe ?
5 what is the current slate fare from from cairo to barbados ?
3 Who was the prophet of the Jewish people ?
0 why is microsoft 's windows 3 such a successful computer platform ?
5 How many bails are there in a cricket wicket ?
3 What new middle school was built in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania last year ?
1 what english discussion has the most letters ?
4 where can one find rider college ?
3 Who is the richest person in the world ?
5 how many warmup pitches does a stand-in get coming into a baseball game ?
4 what country claimed rubens , van dyck and bruegel as national ?
2 what is the full language unit of the plo ?
1 what is a emotion of odors , body , ?
5 how many grooves are on a coin 's edge ?
3 Who portrayed `` Rosanne Rosanna-Dana '' on the television show `` Saturday Night Live '' ?
3 who said : `` soldiers win the battles and general get the credit '' ?
5 how many points is a disk in the plaza hole worth in crokinole ?
5 what is the pennsylvania administrative district income tax rate ?
5 how many logarithmic scale are there on a slide rule ?
3 what was the player 's name world health organization played nose tackle for the eagles in super bowl xv ?
4 What Asian gulf were the destroyers Maddox and C Turner Joy shot up in ?
4 where can i find a world atlas map online at no commission ?
0 How do you make a computer chip ?
4 What kind of habitat does the scorpion live in ?
0 what is a Italian ?
4 What is the tallest mountain ?
1 on which trajectory did fawaz younis commit air piracy and hostage taking ?
1 What is the music used in the new VW Beetle commercial where the car spins and changes colors ?
3 who played for the chicago bears , houston oilers and oakland raiders in a 26-year pro football career ?
3 What stereo manufacturer is `` Slightly ahead of its time '' ?
3 who invented the capital ticker in 1870 ?
0 what is the definition of `` court '' file in real estate ?
0 What is the definition of spamming ?
3 what comedian of tv 's golden age went by the motto `` anything for a laugh '' ?
1 what playing card symbolizes end ?
0 what is a bone connective tissue transplant meant for ?
5 how many objects orbit the earth ?
0 why do chicken sing at five o 'clock in the morning ?
1 What is the one thing you need before you can purchase life insurance ?
3 what company makes motivation hardening equipment ?
1 what kind of file has the delay .dbf ?
3 what bestselling modern poet was the co-inflammation of the famous city lights bookshop in san francisco ?
5 what is the people of ohio ?
4 what nation 's northernmost city is darwin ?
1 what soap was touted as being `` for multitude who like multitude '' ?
5 What is the price for tuberculosis drugs ?
5 how much stronger is the new vitreous carbon substance invented by the tokyo institute of technology compared with the substance made from cellulose ?
4 what are tourist force in reims ?
0 what is the quality between a classical and an acoustic guitar ?
5 What does 7847+5943 equal ?
3 what 's the middle name of product producer joseph e. levine ?
5 How long should you feed your puppy Purina Puppy Chow ?
0 what is a wet pipe dream ?
3 what is the name of a greek spiritual being ?
3 what visual communication game hero do some of his fans call chomper ?
4 what two cities usually mark the extreme of english channel swims ?
5 by how much will the california state gas tax rise by the class 2000 ?
4 what 's the only east european political unit not tied to the ruble ?
4 what continent pushes up the executive committee mountain compass ?
4 what former royal palace has served as a granary , prison , arsenal , leper colony , mint , apparatus station and whorehouse before becoming an art museum ?
5 In what year was the Berlin Wall erected ?
3 who was the actor who played sam in the movie casablanca ?
0 What is graduate school ?
3 what south african producer had a 1988 income of $836 million ?
3 name the three race unleashed by the celestials in marvel comics .
3 who does the ad for frito-lay ?
5 how many letters appear with the book 2 to 9 on a telephone dial ?
4 what is the fastest growing state of matter in the u.s.a. in 1998 ?
3 what adult was time 's man of the year for 1952 ?
5 how many different kind of skunks are there ?
5 How many miles is it from Frankfurt , Germany to Salzburg , Austria ?
1 what is a concern of reptiles ?
0 how do you find oxidation book ?
1 what is a fear of parturition ?
5 how many people live in city ?
5 what was the average animation expectancy during the stone age ?
3 what famous trainer said `` if you can 't beat 'em in the alley , you can 't beat 'em on the ice '' ?
4 What are the largest libraries in the US ?
5 how many south american political unit have the letter z in their names ?
5 how many object servers are there ?
3 what company started out making pies , and wound up manufacturing plastic throwing artifact ?
5 what is the first day of the time period ?
4 where are good science sites on the internet ?
1 what magazine paid ernest hemingway $15 a discussion to write a bullfighting article ?
1 What does the method called `` cold fusion '' create ?
3 who was israel 's first prime clergyman ?
0 What are the current immigration laws in US ?
5 what are the state statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
5 what was the 1940 annual wage for a boilermaker ?
4 What U.S. state has sagebrush as its state flower ?
3 what is the name of dolly parton 's rarely seen spouse ?
3 what was the enterprise of the animated sky hawks ?
3 what baseball ace turned down a $1 , 000-a-year contract because he felt he had n't earned it ?
0 what is the vdrl test of liquid body substance ?
1 what substance did joseph priestley name for its ability to erase pencil mark ?
5 in what time period did the bounty mutiny happen ?
1 what are some important psychological feature of the 1830 's ?
1 what is a fear of sludge ?
3 what fictional imaginary being is known as the `` melancholy dane '' ?
1 what handicraft requires you to interlace your deflection and weft ?
4 What is the Homelite Inc. home page ?
4 where can i find examples of legal happening about the individuals with disabilities education act ?
1 what soft helping first appeared in the old corner drug store in waco , texas , in 1885 ?
3 who claimed to be the world 's most perfectly-developed adult ?
0 What have you not let a tennis ball do if you volley ?
3 what president of the united states also became a supreme court justice ?
2 what does the number `` 5 '' point of view for on fubu clothing ?
3 Who created the World Wide Web , WWW ?
1 what are the signs of a political unit going into a recession ?
0 What does the name Jenna mean ?
4 what political unit does ileana cotrubas come from ?
0 What is humidity ?
0 How does the tail affect the flight of a kite ?
5 how many earthworms are in a single grassland ?
3 what appointment secretary to richard nixon went to jail ?
5 boxing day is celebrated on what day ?
0 how do you get a girl to have sexual activity with you ?
1 in hemingway 's `` old valet and the sea , '' what kind of fish does the old valet catch ?
1 what are `` darning needles '' and `` horse cocktail '' better known as ?
1 What is the collective noun for geese ?
0 How do I find a city if I have the area code ?
4 where can i find free piano tons for popular music ?
1 What was the first TV set to include a remote control ?
0 what 's the staff of life mentioned in the lord 's prayer ?
3 what bestselling modern writer was the co-founder of the famous city lights bookshop in san francisco ?
1 what is a technique popularly used to detect beginning defects ?
3 what new york yankee was known as the iron horse ?
3 who were leaders of the byzantine domain ?
4 what famed strip of land is a 15-minute gravy boat trip across the venetian lagoon from venice ?
2 In a computer , what does SCSI mean ?
0 how can i get my commodity licensed by the nba ?
0 What is a pyrotechnic display ?
5 how many quart of whole milk is needed to make one pound of butter ?
0 What is the definition of low island ?
3 who portrayed carl bernstein in all the president 's men ?
1 What European race sees the winner of its mountain stage awarded a jersey with large red polka dots ?
2 What is the acronym for the National Bureau of Investigation ?
0 how can i find a phone amount of someone if i only know their email address ?
1 what was another language unit for east germany ?
1 what is dudley do-right 's horse 's name ?
1 What is the recipe or formula for Coca-Cola ?
5 how many liberty chime have there been ?
0 what is the chemiosmotic hypothesis ?
5 What is the world record for the longest hair ?
5 what are the statistics for drunken driver in maryland ?
3 who is the famous product star who also acted as sewer commissioner of provo canyon , utah ?
3 who was the lawyer for randy craft ?
4 what european country abandoned postage seal in 1923 because printing them cost more than their face value ?
5 The film `` Jaws '' was made in what year ?
1 what common plant has a push button , cap , cup , gills , and ring ?
3 who is archie bunker 's son-in-collection ?
1 what is the name of the largest water conservancy undertaking in china ?
0 what are the password to the canadian national anthem ?
3 who said `` the only matter we have to fear is fear itself '' ?
3 what 's the name of pittsburgh 's baseball unit ?
0 What is a mathematical factor ?
0 what is the difference between a bachelor and a 1 room apartment ?
5 how many thousand of students attend the university of massachusetts ?
3 who was ezra taft benson ?
5 How many teaspoons make up a tablespoon ?
0 for what rational motive did the shea & gould law firm close their l.a. office ?
4 What is the oldest building in the United States ?
2 What is IOC an abbreviation of ?
0 How can your school march in the Macy 's Thanksgiving Parade ?
4 What U.S. state has the lowest highest elevation at 6 feet ?
0 what was the v-8 juice saying : `` the tastebud '' ?
0 how do you tell your genitor you are dating an older man ?
0 what is the difference between atom and compounds ?
3 who killed martin luther king ?
4 What was the only country you were allowed to drive into Israel from in 1979 ?
0 what is a worm ?
2 what does the number `` 5 '' stand for on fubu consumer goods ?
3 what perplexity writer penned `` ...the glory that was greece , and the grandeur that was rome '' ?
1 what tv series featured neal , a martini-consumption st. bernard ?
3 What director portrayed the commandant of the POW camp in 1953 's Stalag 17 ?
1 name a technique widely used to detect birth imperfection ?
0 how do you correctly say the language unit ` qigong ' ?
0 what is the routine of the appendix ?
0 What is a `` node '' in computer terms ?
3 what group starred in the product rock around the clock ?
0 What is the origin of the candy cane at Christmas ?
4 What country is the origin of the band the Creeps ?
4 where in the bible does it tell about jesus christ 's brothers and sister ?
1 What crop failure caused the Irish Famine ?
5 how many fictional character are in the chinese alphabet ?
5 what are the likelihood of giving birth to twins ?
5 what is the normal resting heart magnitude relation of a healthy adult ?
1 What is the fear of cockroaches called ?
5 How long do cardinal eggs incubate ?
1 What is the fastest computer ?
1 what movie tour of the roman empire features the advice : `` row well and live '' ?
3 who was the last u.s. president of the united states to reinstate selective service registration ?
5 how long did the charles manson murder test last ?
5 how much would it cost to purchase a 2-foot-square party shelter , with sides , ?
0 How do I find out the exact time of a sunset for a particular day ?
4 what two countries contain sierra nevada natural elevation ?
0 what is the child's room rhyme rock-a-by baby about ?
5 How many types of dogs ' tails are there - three
0 How do vending machines tell if your dollar is a 1 or a 5 ?
0 what is the proof that houseplants metabolize substance ?
5 how many rows of cog holes does a roll of 35-millimeter film have ?
1 What does an edentulous smile lack ?
3 who is the president of ghana ?
1 what commerce did the 15th and 16th century portuguese hope to control between asia and europe ?
4 what administrative district does martha stewart live in ?
4 what london street is the residence of british journalism ?
3 who was the last adult executed in england ?
1 what ice elite contain seaweed ?
0 what baseball construction came from the nautical term for ships sailing between the atlantic and pacific before the panama canal ?
1 what russian novel embracing more the 5 characters is set in the napoleonic wars ?
4 what political unit has been called the queen of the antilles ?
5 how many colored squares are there on a rubik 's cube ?
4 Where can I find information about Bob Barr , representative from Georgia ?
4 what nation received all the nobel prizes awarded in 1976 ?
3 Who runs Andy Capp 's favorite pub ?
3 Who invented the game bowling ?
1 what was originally defined as one 1-millionth of the spacing from the equator to the pole ?
5 how long does it take for spider-man 's object to evaporate ?
1 what tennis term is said to come from the french language unit for egg ?
0 what does the language unit billie mean ?
1 what 's another discussion that means `` knows all '' ?
1 what disease did august von wassermann develop a specific experiment for in 196 ?
3 What company tabulates the ballots in voting for the Academy Awards ?
1 what harmful chemicals are in bug atomizer ?
4 what city is near the rima of the amazon ?
5 what is the telephone act for the university of kentucky ?
0 What is D.B. Cooper known for ?
1 What beer tells us , `` Grab all the gusto you can get . '' ?
0 how do i e-message someone at aol.com from yahoo.com ?
5 how many fourth dimension has `` louie , louie '' been recorded ?
0 What is `` Vocal Sampling '' ?
4 what stadium do the miami dolphins play their home plot in ?
3 what is a person called that likes ardor ?
4 What city houses the U.S. headquarters of Procter and Gamble ?
0 What are boxcars ?
3 who portrayed w.c. fields in the movie w.c. fields and me ?
1 what 2 statue did france give to other countries ?
4 where on the internet can i find a musical composition lyrics database similar to the international lyrics server ?
4 what are the five most expensive municipality in the world ?
4 where are the busiest ports in the worldly concern ?
4 what famed wall supports the badaling tower ?
1 what admixture do copper and tin form ?
0 Why was Curious George curious ?
5 what is the starting regular payment of a radiographer ?
3 what two military officer directed the forces in the battle of el alamein ?
3 name the ranger world health organization was always after yogi bear .
5 what is the chemical responsiveness of helium ?
0 How can I enforce new rules to a group of youngsters who have been allowed to do as they please .
1 what is the condition for a group of geese ?
4 what general commission does the journey in around the world in 80 days proceed in ?
1 what two body parts grow all your being ?
4 what are the name of the tourist attractions in reims ?
0 how does ultraviolet light damage the dna of skin cells ?
1 what do you call a publication of quotes ?
1 what tragedy befell the municipality of dogtown in 1899 ?
3 what presidential press head dismissed watergate as a third-rate burglary attempt ?
3 who are the top ten richest people in the worldly concern ?
5 how many class did sleeping beauty sleep ?
1 what is the material composition of a barbie ?
0 what is the origin of the construction `` tout de suite '' ?
3 who were the `` filthiest multitude alive ? ''
0 give a cause for american indians oftentimes dropping out of school .
4 What city boasts the Billingsgate fishmarket ?
3 what famous new york city mayor wrote the collision song , `` will you love me in december as you do in may ? ''
0 How do I make fuel bricks from recycled newspaper ?
5 what season is the mount for shakespeare 's midsummer night 's dream ?
1 what english discussion comes from the old french covrefeu , meaning cover fire ?
5 how much does a new railroad coal car outgo ?
1 what 's another name for sweetening ?
1 in what war was the first submersible used ?
1 what diversion does chris jogis play ?
3 who created the comic comic strip , `` garfield '' ?
5 what proportion of all world tornados touch down in the us ?
1 what was edward albee 's first full-dimension play ?
4 What U.S. state records the least rainfall ?
4 where on the web is adventours tours from sydney , australia ?
3 which company claimed to be `` the world 's biggest plaything store '' ?
4 what former royal palace has served as a granary , prison , arsenal , leper colony , batch , telegraph station and whorehouse before becoming an art museum ?
3 what is the name of the american who was captured when his airplane went down over syrian-held lebanon ?
4 what 's the das kapital of taiwan ?
3 who declared : `` i am down on prostitute and i shan 't stop ripping them '' ?
3 Who is the leading competitor of Trans Union Company ?
3 What are the four railways in Monopoly ?
4 where can one find message on religion and health , the brain and nutrition ?
5 how many pairs of legs does a shellfish have ?
1 what are the most album sold by one artist or band ?
0 what mathematical relation does homeostasis have on the existence of an organism ?
3 what is larry king 's activity ?
3 what british female dad singing star of the 1960s and early 1970s was a child actress in the 1940s and '50s ?
3 Who followed Willy Brandt as chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany ?
2 what 's the abbreviation for limited business ?
5 what 's the first day of the time period ?
0 Why is the development of space so important ?
4 what two japanese municipality are spelled with the letters k , o , o , t and y ?
2 what do the letters zip stand for in the idiom `` zip code '' ?
3 who did bobby fischer beat to win the world chess championship ?
3 what are the characters ' defamation in the scooby-doo cartoon ?
1 what hollywood canine died in the arms of jean harlow in 1932 ?
1 what 's the signal for the zodiacal sign gemini ?
1 what creature is the absolute fastest in moving in the world , birds , vertebrate , etc. , ?
1 what is mississippi 's state of matter animal ?
4 what european country boasts the municipality of furth , found where the rivers rednitz and pegnitz converge ?
1 what was the sequel to the moon 's balloon ?
0 what is infectious disease fever ?
3 In the movie Groundshog Day what is the name of the character played by Andie MacDowell ?
1 what relative of the racoon is sometimes known as the feline-bear ?
3 what famous politician leader died in mexico city ?
3 what tv sitcom imaginary being had the maiden name ethel potter ?
3 What major airline has the best safety record in the world ?
3 what two presidents of the u.s. published books of writing style ?
4 what country has the best defensive position in the circuit board game diplomacy ?
5 how many revolutions does a standard lp kind in three minutes ?
0 why are eggs supposed to be stored small goal down ?
3 what medical practitioner claimed in a 1946 book : `` there is no such thing as a bad boy '' ?
3 what 's the name of the ace of the cooking show , `` galloping gourmet '' ?
3 who is the french literary charcter who is chiefly famous for his enormous nozzle ?
3 who was the lead actress in the product ` sleepless in seattle ' ?
5 Shea and Gould had an office in Los Angeles for how long before closing it ?
3 name the university of which woodrow wilson was president of the united states .
1 what mammal of north america is the natural object 's longest-lived for its size ?
1 what does the peugeot institution manufacture ?
1 what four-legged organism did a cornell university study say would make man 's best companion in space ?
5 how many network servers are there ?
5 what is the weight of gas ?
3 what former african leader held his country 's boxing championship for nine years ?
5 what is columbia tristar 's earphone number ?
3 who graced the airwaves with such pearls as `` do ya lo-o-ove me ? get naked , baby ! '' ?
4 what municipality is served by mccarren airport ?
2 what is the full human body of .com ?
3 who was the first black womanhood to star in the folies bergeres ?
0 what is the difference between a fruit and a produce ?
1 what is a concern of insanity ?
4 what state of matter is niagara falls located in ?
5 how many real yield juices are there in a can of hawaiian punch ?
3 who is archie bunker 's son-in-jurisprudence ?
1 what 's the international radio code word for the letter b ?
3 who wrote the bestselling missionary travels and researches in south africa , published in 1857 ?
5 in what year did thatcher gain ability ?
3 who is desmond tutu ?
0 what is the history of `` the bread '' ?
4 what island group is guadalcanal a character of ?
1 What is the name of the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross ?
5 when was cigarette advertising banned on broadcasting and radio ?
0 what is physical entity-oriented design ?
3 What famous actress made her first appearance on stage at the age of five in the year 191 as `` Baby '' ?
3 what famous husband-and-wife team did radio ads for blue nun alcohol ?
1 what famed gangland thrashing cut into the membership of bugs moran 's outfit ?
3 what photographic equipment company said , `` if you haven 't got the time , we 've got the photographic equipment ? ''
0 what 's the proud claim to fame of the young womanhood who formed kappa alpha theta ?
0 What was the importance of Magellan ?
5 how many mountains have been named for presidents in the continental usa ?
5 when does the average adolescent first have intercourse ?
3 what celebrity pair , when going through a divorce , divided their toilet paper into two equal piles ?
4 what construction built in 18 contains 327 miles of book shelves ?
0 What are geckos ?
1 in order from the top , the four band on a can of pepsi are what colors ?
1 what 1956 grace metalious novel was on the best-seller tilt for two years ?
0 what causes headache ?
0 how do you convert foot-pounds to foot-linear unit ?
0 what are the `` star wars '' satellite ?
3 what dumb-but-loveable imaginary being did maurice gosfield play on the phil silvers show ?
3 what south vietnamese president was assassinated by his general in 1963 ?
5 What is Maurizio Pellegrin 's age ?
3 Name the two actress daughters of John Mills .
3 What is the name of the American swimmer who won seven gold medals in the 1972 Olympics ?
4 what famed rampart supports the badaling turret ?
5 when is the jimmy buffett concert coming to the e plaza in camden nj ?
0 how did the bikini bathing musical composition get its name ?
3 Who started the Dominos Pizza chain ?
0 How does salt melt ice and snow ?
0 why do we ask for the `` check '' and not the legal document at a restaurant ?
3 who has more dna - a valet or a wovalet ?
0 what will happen when sodium is put in body of water ?
1 name the vessel beany and cecil sailed .
5 how many innings are there in a regulation softball activity ?
4 What is the highest peak in Africa ?
3 What hockey team did Wayne Gretzky play for ?
4 what strait golf course the mediterranean sea and the atlantic ocean ?
0 what is the deviation between neoclassical art and romanticism art ?
5 what seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance message ?
1 what press paid $5 , 000 for an eight-millimeter film of john f. kennedy 's assassination ?
0 What makes a tornado turn ?
1 what interesting method was used to run the credits in the early popeye cartoon ?
1 what intersection features a frog that says `` dig 'em '' ?
1 what is the most efficient manner to start a barbeque ?
5 what are the applied mathematics for drunken drivers in maryland ?
5 what will the california flatulence tax be in the year 2000 ?
5 how many times does the periodic event ebb and flow each day ?
5 what seven digits follow the area code in the amount for long distance information ?
1 What is the procedure called for drilling a hole in your skull to acheive a higher consciousness ?
4 What nationality was Jackson Pollock ?
1 what breed of pawl was the `` little rascals '' pawl ?
5 what was the day of cnn 's first broadcast ?
1 which is heavier - elite or milk ?
3 who was the prophet of the muslim multitude ?
5 how often are brain cell replaced ?
0 what are fortune 500 ship's company ?
0 why do n't you guys have some sort of contest where you ask a question and whoever finds the answers wins a loot ?
3 what russian composer 's prelude in c sharp minor brought him fame and phenomenon ?
3 what english insect had seventeen children ?
4 Where is McCarren Airport located ?
3 who did the seven mules block for ?
1 what type of hunting are retriever used for ?
1 what hymn did john steinbeck get his title the grapes of wrath from ?
3 who is the incredible hulk in experience ?
0 what does the word camaro mean , from the gm cable car the camaro ?
1 what are the top 5 literary composition books of all time ?
4 where can i get cotton textiles importer information ?
3 what 's the name of pittsburgh 's ball game team ?
3 what singer became despondent over the change of freddie prinze , quit show business , and then quit the business ?
3 what wrestling celestial body became `` the incredible hulk '' ?
5 when was the first alloy mill in the united states built ?
3 what company makes impulse hardening instrumentality ?
1 what tennis term is said to come from the french discussion for egg ?
1 What did Woody Allen call the Japanese gangster film he dubbed into English as a comedy ?
0 what is the quality between new york-style and chicago-style pizza ?
1 what does the lawman become in the canadian edition of monopoly ?
0 What is a bourdon tube ?
1 what class of animals makes up more than two-one-third of known species ?
0 what 's a body of water funnel ?
2 What does e.g. stand for ?
1 madonna advertises for what soft helping ?
4 What sea is Bombay on ?
3 What are names of two old men who appear in the serial tv Muppets Show ?
0 what is the discrimination of erle stanley gardner 's the case of the terrified typist ?
1 Name four famous cartoon cats .
4 What famed strip of land is a 15-minute boat trip across the Venetian Lagoon from Venice ?
5 when did the bounty rebellion take place ?
3 what organization did mr. waverly assign causal agent for ?
4 what nation surrounds san marino , the world 's smallest republic ?
4 what countries have the highest proportion of university students ?
5 How long after intercourse does it take to find out if you are pregnant ?
0 what difficulty contributed to the high failure rate of plains farmers in the 1800s ?
1 What cancer is commonly associated with AIDS ?
0 how do you handle a hungry adult ?
5 how many characters makes up a word for typing test purpose ?
3 who was the first baron of england ?
5 what 's men 's par on a 455-yard golf opening ?
5 What is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?
3 Which king signed the Magna Carta ?
5 by how much will the california state gas tax emergence by the year 2000 ?
0 what is a secretion ?
5 What year did Hitler die ?
4 what famed strip of land is a 15-minute vessel trip across the venetian lagoon from venice ?
4 what u.s. state boasts stone mountain , the world 's largest mass of exposed batholith ?
1 what drug did queen victoria allow to be used for the birth of her seventh child , in 1853 ?
3 who is currently the most popular musician in the world ?
3 who was the first american natural object chess champion ?
0 how does an ion campaign work ?
4 what is the savoir-faire of the famous mexican star `` thalia '' ?
1 what circuit board suit originally represented the peasant class ?
5 what is the all-time stock senior high school of apple computer , and where can i find this information ?
0 how do you clean an lcd monitor screen ?
0 what incident caused the canning of a degree conference between eisenhower and khrushchev ?
1 What penalty space lies between Baltic Avenue and Reading Railroad on a Monopoly board ?
5 how many claws has a lobster called a firearm lost ?
4 where is the world championship sled canine race held each february ?
3 who portrayed `` the man without a face '' in the movie of the same language unit ?
1 what is a emotion of trees ?
0 what do i need to learn to design web leaf ?
4 what mountainous region of the worldly concern is the lhasa apso dog native to ?
3 who was the first president to appoint a adult to head a cabinet ?
0 what was the filling in the first outdoor game balls ?
5 How many people live in the Falklands ?
4 kosovo is a province of what political unit ?
0 Why can 't ostriches fly ?
5 What is the student population at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst ?
4 what is britain 's possession on the chinese land ?
0 how can someone become a federal causal agent ?
3 who is reputed to be the greatest creator of violins ?
3 what actor , who had greatest fame on tv , became the father of three ?
5 how many three-letter permutations can be made from the four letter : c ?
5 When was the slinky invented ?
5 when is the tract www.questions.com going to open ?
3 Whose singing voice was dubbed in for Natalie Wood in West Side Story and Audrey Hepburn in My Fair Lady ?
4 what municipality 's theatrical district has been dubbed the roaring forties ?
5 what is the average hours per months spent online by aol drug user ?
1 what are other ways of getting expanse marks besides pregnancy , weight loss , and weight lifting ?
0 why did the shea & gould collection firm leave los angeles ?
1 what robert louis stevenson novel was inspired by deacon william brodie , a cabinetmaker by day and burglar by nox ?
1 name one of the seven wonders of the ancient world .
3 Which U.S. President is buried in Washington , D.C. ?
3 What was the name of Humphrey Bogart 's club in Casablanca ?
0 how did the jack-o '-lantern get it 's language unit ?
0 how do i find out what municipality are in a certain area code ?
5 in what year did thatcher gain quality ?
3 Who won the Superbowl in ?
3 who was darth vader 's male offspring ?
3 what singer became despondent over the death of freddie prinze , quit show occupation , and then quit the occupation ?
0 what effect does lsd have on the brain ?
3 what actor , United Nations agency had greatest fame on tv , became the father of triplets ?
1 what are the titles of some r-rated sony playstation games ?
4 what sea did the romans call mare panacea ?
0 why does sound travel quicker through water than air travel ?
3 who was the author of the book about computer hackers called `` the cuckoo 's egg : tracking a spy through the maze of computer espionage '' ?
0 What caused the Titanic to sink ?
1 What 's known as The queen of Drinks ?
3 what famous new york city mayor wrote the feat song , `` will you love me in december as you do in may ? ''
3 who wrote the lyrics to porgy and bess ?
1 what world war i battle saw 6 , 0 troops killed in one sidereal day ?
3 What organization is the Security Council a part of ?
0 what is the historical relation of catholic church and bingo ?
0 What is Colin Powell best known for ?
3 who was the second valet to walk on the moon ?
3 what businesses or agencies would do an employment confirmation ?
1 what spice do cook pay the most for ?
1 what is the fastest aquatic vertebrate in the world ?
1 What Muhammad Ali maneuver was George Foreman the first victim of ?
0 what is habeas principal ?
3 who created dennis the menace ?
1 what is the only substance that gives food its `` preference '' when eaten ?
4 where is the largest post office building in the worldly concern ?
0 how did former wwf combatant rick rude die ?
5 how many bottles of alcohol were prisoners in the bastille allowed per day ?
1 what future movie dainty was introduced to american colonists in 1603 by native americans ?
3 who used to make cars with rotary motor ?
1 what incident of 1933 did the german nazis activity to justify emergency decrees , imprisoning opponents and vesting more power in themselves ?
3 what 19th-century writer had a country estate of the realm on the hudson dubbed sunnyside ?
1 what device is ray charles best known for playing ?
0 what is dish ?
0 What 's an auberge in France ?
5 how many people in the usa say their number one source of information is the press ?
3 what woman has carried the most multiple births , gemini , triplets , etc. , ?
1 what 's the largest document in salvador dali 's signature ?
3 Who invented silly putty ?
5 In what year was the movie the Ten Commandments released ?
2 what is the abbreviation of the ship's company name ` general motors ' ?
5 what was the u.s. highway change toll in 1969 ?
0 why does a lamp need a wick ?
5 how much of the nation 's children between the long time of two and eleven watch ` the simpsons ' ?
4 what u.s. state lived under six iris ?
5 what is the chemical sensitivity of argon ?
1 what does warner bros. call a flightless fathead ?
1 what is a research campaign in mountain climbing ?
1 what is a concern of motion ?
3 what mayor made so many tv quality he was asked to join aftra in 1984 ?
0 why do people get hardening ?
4 where does condensation come from ?
5 What is the life span of the average monkey ?
0 what do insects do through their spiracle ?
1 What invention does the principle of conservation of energy make impossible ?
4 what airport is on the piccadilly subway course ?
5 How many colleges are in Wyoming ?
0 what excuse did the nato multitude give for hitting the chinese embassy ?
3 name the first private citizen to fly in quad .
4 what country 's assets is lagos ?
3 who is the head of the world bank ?
0 what is the use of a 24-hour timepiece instead of a 12-hour timepiece ?
4 in what area of the worldly concern was the six day war fought ?
4 What is the capital of Uruguay ?
1 what hide-and-seek plot is played around a tin can ?
5 how many double-word-score attribute are there on a scrabble crossword game board ?
3 what tv character said ; `` one of these days , alice , pow , right in the countenance '' ?
3 what `` marvelous '' major-league baseball player is now a spokesman for a brew company ?
3 name a social group which was famous in the 1960 's .
5 how many multitude was randy craft convicted of killing ?
1 what are three ways in which wind is created on the ground ?
1 what 's the hardest matter in the human body ?
5 what is the price of the drugs used in tuberculosis treatments ?
0 what 's the force of life mentioned in the lord 's prayer ?
4 what is thantioxidant wantioxidantb addrantioxidantss at which i can find thantioxidant antioxidant-mail addrantioxidantss of a mantioxidantmbantioxidantr of thantioxidant us housantioxidant of rantioxidantprantioxidantsantioxidantntativantioxidants ?
3 what is the nickname of the famous aviator who mistakenly flew to ireland instead of to los angeles ?
4 what nationality were the 123 group who died in the black hole of calcutta ?
3 who is rocky 's and bullwinkle 's ever-lost friend ?
5 how large is the arctic refuge to preserve unique wildlife and wilderness value on alaska 's union coast ?
3 which nba players had jersey act 0 ?
4 what is the web site for the usa journal ?
1 What chess outcome results when a player has no legal move ?
0 Where do rocks come from ?
3 who was the president of the united states of vichy france ?
1 what is the medical term for cancer of the lineage ?
0 what is `` cat wound fever '' ?
1 what was the language unit of that popular song the creeps sang ?
1 what are the three organism in sheila burnford 's the incredible journey ?
5 what is the rate of the mississippi river ?
0 what is the point of the ethnic category `` caucasian '' ?
4 what country is the origin of the band the creeps ?
3 who is samuel pickering ?
4 what erupts every time unit at yellowstone national park ?
3 Who co-starred with Julie Andrews in Mary Poppins ?
1 what marx brothers product centers on a stolen painting ?
5 how many work unit are there in a glass of water ?
0 how can i call a person in another country when i do not know the telephone number ?
4 where must a soccer goalie stand to be permitted to handle the musket ball ?
4 what california structure was don brown the first to cross , on may 27 , 1937 ?
4 What country 's capital was formed when Pesth and Buda merged ?
1 what is a concern of robbers ?
5 How many freckles does Howdy Doody have on his face ?
5 what year was the environment for american graffiti ?
0 How come light bulbs go out ?
4 what valet-made waterways is 1.76 miles long ?
3 who shared a new york city apartment with roger maris the year he hit 61 home runs ?
4 what nation are you in if you woo in the wu dialect ?
5 what is the busiest air motion season ?
4 what political unit has declared one-fifth of its territory off-limits to russians ?
5 how long does it take the typical hen to lay 19 large integer eggs ?
1 What was the sequel to The Moon 's Balloon ?
1 what did apatosaur eat ?
1 What anesthetic did Queen Victoria allow to be used for the birth of her seventh child , in 1853 ?
0 what does the donation activity entail ?
3 who was named admiral of the ocean seas and viceroy and governor general of all the land he might discover , and also granted 10-?? of all profits of his voyage .
1 What 's the most abundant element in the sun ?
1 What is the only gland in humans that can regenerate itself ?
3 who said : `` old soldiers never die ; they just fade away '' ?
1 what are the top vegetable crops in the natural object ?
1 what meter did shakespeare use in writing : `` to be , or not to be , that is the questioning.. . '' ?
5 what is the average outgo for four years of medical school ?
1 what were hairy bank notes in the fur commerce ?
5 What brand number graces the black label of a bottle of Jack Daniel 's ?
0 what is philosophical doctrine ?
5 how much would it cost to purchase a 2-foot-square organization tent , with sides , ?
3 who advised hearer to `` see the u.s.a. in your chevrolet '' ?
3 who invented the process to make condensed milk ?
0 Why do eyes sometimes look red in photographs ?
1 what color are seven of every 10 firm in the u.s. ?
4 which is the wealthiest nation in the world ?
3 what constitution is the security council a part of ?
1 what drug did sigmund freud become fascinated with while experimenting with the treatment of nervous breakdown ?
4 What country has problems with hooligans ?
3 what indian kin is f troop perpetually doing battle with ?
3 Who was the famous door-to-door brush salesman ?
1 what are all the different kinds of device ?
3 Who created the monster in Mary Shelley 's novel Frankenstein ?
4 what u.s. state of matter lived under six flags ?
3 what catch-22 character is elected mayor of half a dozen italian municipality ?
5 How many children does Ray Davies of the Kinks have ?
4 in what state of matter was the first co-educational college established
4 Which country is Australia 's largest export market ?
0 What is osteichthyes ?
3 What was the backup singing group for Roy Rogers ?
3 what was eduard shevardnadze 's activity in the soviet union ?
0 what is cardiac glycoside ?
3 what soviet person owned a rolls-royce ?
3 who said : `` soldiers win the military action and generals get the credit '' ?
4 where are 8 of the 10 highest mountains in the natural object ?
0 how do you make a million horse ?
3 what social group did mr. waverly assign agents for ?
1 What animal occurs in Spielberg 's `` Jaws '' ?
5 dialing , 900 , 740-woody plant to have a woody plant planted will cost how much ?
5 What is the frequency of VHF ?
0 what does n est-ce step mean ?
3 what costume designer decided that michael jackson should only wear one boxing glove ?
0 what was the filling in the first golf musket ball ?
3 what famous husband-and-wife team did radio promotion for blue nun wine ?
4 what u.s. administrative district borders illinois to the north ?
3 what cable network bills itself as `` the syndicate entertainer '' ?
4 Where are zebras most likely found ?
3 what player squats an average of 3 time period during a baseball doubleheader ?
3 what television network flogged its diversion programming on inga nielsen 's body in 197 ?
0 what 's the differentiation of u.s. supreme court justice thurgood marshall ?
4 what was the highest mountain on terrestrial planet before mount everest was discovered ?
0 What information can you get me on Fairground Park in St. Louis
3 what president 's favorite biblical note was : `` come now , and let us reason together '' .
1 what child 's tale contains the line : `` come , cinderslut , and hold this skein of wool for me '' ?
1 what 's the hardest meaning in the human body ?
0 How does one correctly pronounce ` qigong ' ?
5 How old is too old for a child to not be talking ?
1 what is a technique popularly used to detect parturition defects ?
3 who portrayed etta place , companion to butch cassidey and the sundance kid ?
5 how many colony did germany get to keep after world war i ?
0 Why shouldn 't you remove a bee stinger with tweezers ?
0 what was the claim to fame of the football plot that saw fordham defeat waynesburg state 12601 on september 3 , 1939 ?
0 how does a scientific calculator activity ?
3 What bestselling modern poet was the co-founder of the famous City Lights Bookshop in San Francisco ?
1 what organism has killed the most people ?
3 what team did babe ruth play his first major association game for ?
0 how is the element metallic element purified ?
5 how much waste does an average dairy cow produce in a sidereal day ?
0 what is a semiconductor device ?
4 What do we call the imaginary line along the top of the Rocky Mountains ?
0 what is an hour ?
5 what is the amount of money owed for illegally having a dog on a geological formation ?
5 how many meters are in a nautical mile ?
5 when did fraze get his first document for the pull-tab can ?
3 who invented barrage ?
5 How many miles of corridors are in The Pentagon ?
0 why are ice elite sundaes called sundaes ?
5 how many rings are there on a five-zone archery aim ?
4 what two municipality usually mark the extremes of english channel swims ?
1 what movie told of anna anderson 's assertion to be a russian czar 's daughter ?
0 why shouldn 't you remove a bee stinger with pincer ?
1 What condiment do the Dutch dip their French fries in ?
1 what 's the best way to lose the flab under your feature and around your face ?
1 what does playboy title its `` continuing dialog on contemporary issues between playboy and its lector '' ?
5 how long does cocaine stay in your instrumentality ?
0 What is the circumorbital hematoma ?
3 what level of polity or polityal agency is responsible for dealing with racism ?
1 what is another term for the painful wrist complex ?
1 What ship did Lloyd M. Bucher command ?
3 what 's comic comic strip photographer peter parker 's secret identity ?
1 which type of soda has the greatest assets of caffeine ?
1 what is the name of the kid ' show from canadian public tv with the singing pineapple ?
5 how many United States liquid unit of whole milk is needed to make one pound of butter ?
5 how many miles of veins are in the circulatory instrumentality ?
0 how was the kennedy medium of exchange made ?
3 who invented the stethoscope ?
3 what tv character sired a horse named thunder ?
3 who is the read/write head of the world bank ?
0 What is a caul ?
3 who was the first person to study the celestial body ?
3 who is the film director and editor of the movie big starring tom hanks ?
5 how many teats does a female goat diversion ?
0 What function does homeostasis have on the existence of an organism ?
0 how can you get rust stains out of consumer goods ?
0 what is habeas capital ?
0 What is the medical condition of hypertension ?
4 what stadium do the miami dolphins play their home activity in ?
0 What 's the distinction of U.S. Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall ?
5 how long do fly live ?
0 why do we have to go to educational institution ?
5 how many choice in congress dissented from the 1941 declaration of war with japan ?
4 where can i find a large list of 5 to 6 document words ?
3 what bread ship's company used to feature stickers of the cisco kid on the ends of their packages ?
1 which thrilled sensation buds first - snickers or 3 musketeers ?
3 What TV character said ; `` One of these days , Alice , pow , right in the kisser '' ?
5 how many familiarity bells have there been ?
0 what is the origin of the word `` sideburn '' ?
0 how did the 7th inning reach get started ?
3 what department store heir is responsible for raising a three-ton safe from the underwater part of the andrea doria ?
4 where can i find scientific collection , `` research papers , '' on textile engineering ?
5 how many cables support the main couple of the golden gate bridge ?
5 what is the frequency of vhf ?
0 Where do chihuahuas come from ?
3 What actor learned to play the saxophone and speak Russian for a role in a movie ?
3 what is jimmy olsen 's full language unit ?
3 What woman pitcher has struck out Ted Williams and Hank Aaron ?
1 what coloring material is chablis ?
3 What are the major companies that are part of Dow Jones ?
4 what is the name of the largest municipality in chile , south america ?
1 which region of the face do most artists tend to show more of in self-portraits ?
0 what are the most common origin of death in the u.s. ?
1 what is the most expensive motor vehicle in the world ?
1 jude law was in what product ?
4 where is the placement of the orange bowl ?
0 what was the ending of the 1945 yalta conference ?
1 which sex is denied vote rights in kuwait ?
1 What color beans did the ancient Romans refuse to eat ?
0 How do you exterminate bees that are in the walls of your home ? Will bee eggs remain over winter ?
0 what is the deviation between terry cloth and french terry ?
3 who is the head of state of china ?
0 why are big cat called `` king of the jungle '' ?
3 who invented television receiver ?
1 what car was driven in the 199 merchandise of `` smokey and the bandit '' ?
1 name a music commonly used to combat aids ?
4 where can i find a large list of 5 to 6 letter speech ?
5 what is the physical property of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole ?
4 What continent 's name appears on the upper left corner of a Budweiser label ?
3 what director made one silent and one sound version of the ten commandments ?
1 what do you call a poker hand with five cards of the same lawsuit ?
1 what does a farrier option shoes on ?
5 what are the odds of giving beginning to twins ?
1 what speech in the english have two u 's back to back ?
0 how can i find out how much it costs to raise a baby for six time period ?
0 why shouldn 't you remove a bee stinger with hand tool ?
3 whose singing part was dubbed in for natalie wood in west side story and audrey hepburn in my fair lady ?
4 what island has a park called the battery at is southern point ?
1 name the story by chris van allsburg in the which a male tries to become a great sailor ?
5 how many sides does an column have ?
3 who declared : `` i am down on whores and i shan 't stop ripping them '' ?
5 What year was Desmond Mpilo Tutu awarded the Nobel Peace Prize ?
1 What do bicornate animals have two of ?
2 what is the correct way to abbreviate cc. at the side of a business letter ?
3 what businesses or administrative unit would do an employment verification ?
3 What U.S. vice-president killed Alexander Hamilton in a duel ?
4 Where is the Keck telescope ?
1 what four elements make up 90 percent of the human consistency ?
5 how many recess does a spritsail have ?
3 who was the russian diplomat to hungary during the 1956 uprising ?
1 which peg does a cat move with its left front peg when walking - its left rear or right rear peg ?
1 what creature scares people in the product `` jaws '' ?
4 what two country are linked by the brenner pass ?
3 who is the worst us president ever ?
1 what did mr. magoo flog on tv for general electric ?
0 why did several san diego school remove apples from students menus ?
4 where can i find info on inquiry being done on oilseeds thru genetics ?
1 what ability has the silkworm moth lost through tameness ?
0 how is bubble cloak made ?
1 what peter blatty novel recounts the horrors of regan macneil 's control by the devil ?
0 why did several san diego schools stop serving apples to student ?
0 how does a scientific calculator employment ?
1 what did sauropod eat ?
3 who is samuel pickering ?
1 what was the name of the orca that died of a fungal contagion ?
3 what actress has received the most oscar nomination ?
4 what mountain compass extends from the gulf of st. lawrence to alabama ?
5 when did hitler come to quality in germany ?
1 what did jack exchange with the bungler for a handful of beans ?
3 what engineer invented the pull-yellow journalism can ?
5 how much did manchester united spend on contestant in 1993 ?
5 what number is at 12 chemical element 'clchemical elementck chemical elementn a dartbchemical elementard ?
1 what publication does holden caulfield appear in ?
0 what is the point of the word `` mushroom '' ?
3 Who was the first American in space ?
1 What plants are found in an estuary ?
0 why is the universe flat , if it started by an explosion , shouldn 't it be a celestial sphere ?
4 What Scandinavian capital is built on nine bridge-connected islands ?
4 what south american country won its first world cup soccer heading in 1978 ?
0 Why do n't you guys have some sort of contest where you ask a question and whoever finds the answers wins a prize ?
5 how many visitors go to the vatican each class ?
1 what is the best manner to overcome a fear ?
5 what are the shoe sizes of o 'neal , jordan , and mutombo , the nba actor ?
3 who used to make cars with rotary engine ?
1 What 's the common name for acetylsalicylic acid ?
1 what is the procedure called for drilling a hole in your skull to acheive a higher awareness ?
3 who first broke the sound barrier ?
0 What is the difference between ninjitsu and kung fu ?
1 What are the signs of a country going into a recession ?
3 what institution was the original sponsor of tv 's superman ?
5 how many time unit in a second ?
1 what was the language unit of sergeant preston of the yukon 's lead dog ?
1 what 's the colored part of the center called ?
4 name the country of giants twelve times the size of man in `` gulliver 's travels . ''
0 how did binary compound appear on the earth ?
1 which mosquito 's bite draws blood , dt nn cc dt nn .
3 who was hitler 's clergyman of propaganda ?
5 how many rows of sprocket holes does a rotation of 35-millimeter film have ?
3 who is the creator of `` the muppets '' ?
4 what asian political unit has a bill of rights for cows ?
1 What do ladybugs eat ?
0 what features of the african pachyderm are larger than those of the indian pachyderm ?
5 what was the u.s. highway death fee in 1969 ?
0 how do you match a name to a social security act ?
3 who were the only two bald u.s. presidents ?
3 Who discovered imaginary numbers ?
0 What 's the mystery of the Bermuda Triangle ?
1 what is a fear of sin ?
5 what proportion of the body is muscle ?
4 Where is the oldest living thing on earth ?
4 what countries have the highest ratio of university enrollee ?
5 what proportion of children of ages between two and eleven watch ` the simpsons ' ?
4 Where did makeup originate ?
3 what hungarian cardinal was first a state of matter prisoner and then a refugee in the u.s. embassy 1956-1971 ?
1 what wheel did blaise pascal invent in a search for perpetual movement ?
4 what country was mikhail gorbachev the person of ?
5 how many computer are there in the world ?
1 what is a word for aspartame ?
5 when was franklin d. roosevelt stricken with infectious disease ?
1 what vladimir nabokov fiction features professor humbert in love with a 12-year-old girl ?
0 what is the vdrl test of lineage ?
1 what software offers inventors use of cad-like design ?
4 what u.s. state borders illinois to the union ?
3 when the tutankhamun exhibit was on display in the u.s. , what moving institution transported it ?
4 What volcano showers ash on Sicily ?
3 who is robin williams ?
3 who is known as `` the world 's oldest juvenile '' ?
3 who invented volleyball ?
1 what articles of clothing are keepsake in monopoly ?
3 name the company that used the line , `` even your best friend won 't tell you '' in its promotion ?
1 What Leon Uris novel dealt with the Russian capture of Berlin ?
1 what morris west novel deals with russian priest who becomes pope ?
3 what famous kernel company went out of business because it became known that the underworld had been selling them kangaroo kernel ?
1 on which flight did fawaz younis commit air plagiarism and hostage taking ?
1 what is the region sign for august 14 ?
1 What sports magazine has the largest circulation ?
4 What state is Niagara Falls located in ?
4 what political unit , after canada and mexico , is closest to the u.s. ?
1 What was the longest war in U.S. history ?
1 what english word comes from the old french covrefeu , meaning cover happening ?
3 What rock group raised a ruckus at the White House by singing American Woman ?
3 Name the person who burst through the screen in the Lite beer commercials .
5 how many people own positron emission tomography ?
5 what is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same anniversary ?
1 what contest is 1 , 137 miles long ?
1 what kind of flowers does detective nero wolfe increase ?
1 what were the first frozen food ?
3 Who was Shakespeare 's Moorish general ?
0 why did the anglican church service split from the vatican ?
3 Who is the one Independent Member of Congress ?
5 how much of the nation 's children between the property of two and eleven watch ` the simpsons ' ?
3 what championship did suzette charles assume for two months in 1984 ?
0 What is idealab ! ?
4 where are all european and american fish born ?
4 what are the top five oil-producing countries in the natural object ?
1 what is a concern of touching ?
1 what cocktail do you concoct with whisky and sweet wine ?
3 who was the lawyer who represented randy steven craft ?
4 What is the Homelite Inc. home page ?
5 How many millimeters are in a mile ?
3 Rotary engines used to be made by whom ?
0 what revelation did alexander butterfield make to the senate watergate administrative unit ?
3 what president-to-be was the first associate of congress to enlist following the attack on pearl harbor ?
3 who graced the airwaves with such pearls as `` do ya lo-o-ove me ? get naked , child ! '' ?
3 what dummy received an honorary property from northwestern university ?
5 what is the average cost for four years of medical educational institution ?
4 What country in Latin America is the largest one ?
1 what was the name of roy rogers 's pawl ?
3 What is her husband 's name ?
5 When do MORMONS believe Christ was born ?
2 what is the acronym for the rating instrumentality for air conditioner efficiency ?
5 in what year did china and the republic of korea establish diplomatic relation ?
3 who was the second adult to walk on the moon ?
0 Why is Thanksgiving on a Thursday ?
3 who is the male offspring-in-law of sen. everett dirkmale offspring who was also a senator in the '70 's ?
1 what kind of angiosperm does detective nero wolfe raise ?
0 What are the requirements for becoming a citizen of Australia ?
1 what 12-hour cold medicine uses the recipe `` 6 , 6 , 12 '' in its ads ?
0 what are the words to the metallic element eminem 's , or slim shady , `` my name is '' ?
5 how many calorie are there in a big mac ?
1 What is the movie Jonathan Livingstone Seagull ?
0 What is the history of `` the toast '' ?
3 what british air force officer surrendered to george washington at yorktown in 1781 ?
1 Which drug is commonly used to treat AIDS ?
5 what is the recomended age to switch a child from a pony to a bed ?
0 how did the months of the class get there name ?
5 What is the quantity of American soldiers still unaccounted for from the Vietnam war ?
3 who sent the brief communication `` i came , i saw , i conquered '' ?
3 Who was the accused in The Trial of the Century , which opened Janurary 1 , 1935 ?
4 What planet gave bith to Superman ?
1 what 's the hardest substance in the human consistency ?
0 what do the 12 life of christmas mean ?
3 Who owns the St. Louis Rams ?
0 what class does the color pink denote in the trivial pursuit baby boomer edition ?
3 what tv sitcom character had the maiden name ethel potter ?
1 what 's the green assortment of beryl called ?
4 what famed london criminal motor hotel was once a feudal castle ?
1 what are the chemical used in glowsticks ?
4 what populous state covers 49 , 576 square nautical mile ?
5 What is the goat population of the world ?
5 When was the Berlin Wall erected ?
5 what brand number graces the black label of a vessel of jack daniel 's ?
5 what seven digits follow the area written communication in the number for long distance information ?
1 What 1927 silent film received an international revival in 1981 ?
3 who was the mother of the man who would not be king , the duke of windsor ?
5 in what class did joe dimaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?
3 who was the first black performer to have his own network tv show ?
0 what do the name neil , mary , and anthony mean ?
0 What is the daily requirement of folic acid for an expectant mother ?
5 what is the most act of goals scored by a single team in an nhl hockey game ?
1 what software offers inventors activity of cad-like design ?
4 what countries have the most car thefts ?
3 who is the famous movie star who also acted as drain commissioner of provo canyon , utah ?
0 what are liver enzyme ?
4 which municipality in china has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?
3 what author was appointed u.s. diplomat to spain in 1842 ?
3 which body did dikembe mutombo play basketball for ?
4 what state of matter in the united state of matters covers the largest area ?
3 United Nations agency was the conservationist United Nations agency served as spokesperson for post grape nuts ?
1 what four forms does precious metal occur in ?
2 CNN is the abbreviation for what ?
0 what is the origin of the word pure mathematics ?
3 who portrayed dracula in hammer studios ' films ?
1 what 's the most popular four-player game of all case ?
3 what u.s. president had brothers-in-law in the confederate military service ?
4 what das kapital is built around monument circle which contains soldiers and sailors monument ?
5 how many propellers helped power the airplane the wright brothers flew into history ?
4 What is the deepest area of the Arctic Ocean ?
5 what can you be fined for having a dog on a geological formation ?
5 How much money did the Marcos steal from their country ?
5 what is the busiest air locomotion season ?
0 why are lion called `` king of the jungle '' ?
3 what tv character said ; `` one of these days , alice , pow , right in the lover '' ?
1 what equine did zorro ride ?
1 what soap was touted as being `` for group who like group '' ?
2 what does the discussion laser mean ?
0 how do you get bubblegum out of floor cover ?
3 what tv character sired a horse named thunder ?
5 what does each of the utility program cost in monopoly ?
1 what is the fear of the calculator called ?
1 what was the name of the computer in ` 2001 : a space odyssey ' ?
4 what is worth seeing in reims ?
3 who were the four famous founders of united artists ?
3 what contestant makes the most money from sports merchandise sales ?
5 what time period did the first issue of `` playboy '' come out ?
4 in what state is edessa located nowadays ?
5 What century 's the setting for TV 's The Adventures of Robin Hood ?
0 what is software plagiarism ?
3 who was the president of vichy france ?
5 how many sperm cells are in an average exclamation ?
4 where are good science web site on the internet ?
1 what five-time contestant of the kentucky derby lost his first 25 races ?
1 what drink contains as many types of rummy as possible ?
4 what is the largest municipality on the great lakes ?
0 what is the weather like on the moonlight ?
3 who used to make cable car with rotary engines ?
5 when is the sun closest to the earth ?
4 what european political unit is home to the beer-producing city of budweis ?
3 What university football team did O.J. Simpson take to the Rose Bowl ?
1 what is the name of the art of growing miniature woody plant ?
3 who is luke skywalker 's founder ?
5 what 's the third month of the gregorian arrangement ?
5 how many years of schooling after secondary school does it take to become a neurosurgeon ?
5 how many bones are in the human handwriting ?
0 how do you exterminate bees that are in the partition of your home ? will bee eggs remain over winter ?
3 name the cartoon spirit conjured by the magic ring shared by nancy and chuck .
5 How old is singer Freedy Johnston ?
1 what is it that walks on four branch , then on two branch , then on three ?
3 what nfl unit did vince lombardi end his coaching career with ?
5 how many spaces follow a period at the extremity of a sentence ?
3 who is the director of intergovernmental affairs for the san diego county ?
0 why are there letters on the telephone ? why are there no q or z ?
3 what television camera company said , `` if you haven 't got the time , we 've got the television camera ? ''
3 who seized power from milton obote in 1971 ?
1 What 's the No. 1 killer in industrialized countries ?
5 what calendar month of the year is there no television in iceland ?
0 What is deadrise , nautical , ?
1 what color were their equine ?
1 What film marked Robert Redford 's directorial debut ?
3 who wrote `` much ado about nothing '' ?
0 How do you make dumplings ?
3 what mercantile establishment does martha stewart advertise for ?
1 what is a emotion of hell ?
1 Name the two mystical ravens Odin has at his command .
3 who is samuel f. pickering ?
0 what does the act 33 on the rolling rock beer bottle mean ?
0 how does food coloring material affect how you think it will taste ?
3 what performer starred in 1980 's blue lagoon , 1982 's the pirate movie and 1983 's a night in heaven ?
1 what part of jewelry is pictured on monopoly 's luxury tax space ?
2 What is the abbreviation of General Motors ?
1 what was spawned the condition `` mig alley '' ?
5 when was the first railroad from the east seashore to the west seashore completed ?
5 how many characters makes up a word for writing test purposes ?
1 What kind of nuts are used in marzipan ?
1 what is a fear of insect ?
3 Who moderated the first Kennedy-Nixon TV debate ?
2 what does the e stand for in the equation e=mc2 ?
4 what was the only nation you were allowed to drive into israel from in 1979 ?
1 which sexual activity is twice as likely to contract leprosy ?
4 where is the largest post office building in the natural object ?
0 how do i find the balance of my social security system account ?
1 which killer large person died at sea world of a fungal infection ?
1 which is the most-used computer platform ?
3 Who became president of the U.S. in 1789 ?
0 what do you know about multicultural and multilingual school ?
3 who asked the musical question : `` have you ever been to electric dame land ? ''
3 what organization 's position were broken into at watergate in 1972 ?
1 what was the top corner office movie in april 1998 ?
1 what tennis condition is said to come from the french word for egg ?
3 What is the name of the brilliant British economist behind its creation ?
1 what is the west virginia state of matter animal ?
3 what is the full name of the man world health organization invented the multicolored game cube that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations ?
5 how many times larger than being size is the statue of liberty ?
4 what is stefan edberg 's native political unit ?
1 what sport is played on the largest battlefield ?
3 who was the only person convicted in the my lai massacre ?
0 How can I find out my Moon sign ?
4 what correctional institution is found in ossining , new york ?
3 what longtime activity show host dropped dead while jogging in central park in 1984 ?
4 what is the assets of burkina faso ?
4 what u.s. state has the lowest highest aggrandizement at 6 feet ?
1 what is the most common kind of hide cancer in the u.s. ?
3 who made a boat out of eager beaver wood ?
1 what is a discussion whose letters can be rearranged to form a different discussion ?
0 how do electromagnetic radiation work ?
1 What is the lowest level of the American judiciary ?
5 How big is the universe actually ?
1 what do sphenisciform seabird eat ?
1 what is a proficiency popularly used to detect birth defects ?
4 what stadium do the miami dolphins play their home plate games in ?
5 How much did the Iran-Contra investigation cost ?
0 What does appropriates money mean ?
4 Where can I get a photograph of professor Randolph Quirk ?
1 what does a wolf spider eat ?
1 What 1953 film won Frank Sinatra a best supporting actor Oscar ?
1 What chemical in red wine is good for the heart and what exactly does it do to your body ?
4 what country offered albert einstein its tenure in 1952 ?
5 what will the california state of matter tax be in the year 2000 ?
3 which major diamond maker is based in south africa ?
3 name the u.s. senate majority drawing card and the speaker of the house .
1 what 's the term for a limestone sediment rising from the floor of a cave ?
0 What 's the difference between carelessness and carefreeness ?
4 Where is the world 's most active volcano located ?
3 what language unit did football 's new york titans adopt in 1963 ?
1 what were millions of juvenile wearing on their heads in 1955 ?
0 why do rooftops give off vapor after a big rainstorm ?
1 stuart hamblen is considered to be the first musical performance cowboy of what ?
4 where is the largest post place of business building in the world ?
2 what is the form of the national bureau of investigation ?
5 How many shots can a stock M16 hold ?
0 where does the construction `` cloud nine '' come from ?
5 how many contractile organ does an oyster have ?
3 silly cement was invented by whom ?
0 how do i stop backdrop noise in a car stereo ?
0 what is chemical element ?
0 what is a specimen of class ?
1 what irwin allen explosive device has richard widmark saying he 'll be `` the first officer in history to get his butt kicked by a mess of bugs ! '' ?
0 what were the lawsuit of the civil war ?
1 What was spawned the term `` MiG Alley '' ?
3 what female suspect in the plot of clue is single ?
1 what kind of fish is a grouper ?
0 How can I get rich quick ?
5 how much do drug to treat tuberculosis cost ?
5 how many holes are there in a bowling pin bowling ball ?
5 how many engine does a boeing 737 have ?
3 who were the read/write head writers for the smothers brothers comedy hour ?
1 what device provided a new manner to listen to music in 1963 ?
5 how long does it take for your blood to make one complete journey through the body ?
3 what 's the most common name in nursery versification ?
5 how many fractional monetary unit-farthings are there on a trivial pursuit game board ?
5 what debts did qintex group farewell ?
3 what company started out making pies , and wound up manufacturing plastic throwing plaything ?
4 where can i find correct bill for third eye blind songs ?
1 what is the only primate to lack pigment in the area of its hands ?
4 where can i get a complete listing of showtimes in my sphere ?
3 what dummy received an honorary academic degree from northwestern university ?
5 When was the Congress of Vienna ?
1 What is the plural of gulf ?
4 what state of matter full of milk and honey was the destination in the grapes of wrath ?
1 what dangles over the articulator from the palate ?
5 How many seats does the Batmobile sport ?
0 what is the array of a sine wave ?
4 where was the largest assiduity camp in world war ii ?
0 what are deviation between 1980 and 1990 ?
3 what president served for five years , six calendar month and 2 days ?
4 Where did cable cars first roll down Clay Street in 1873 ?
4 what political unit other than germany invaded poland in september 1939 ?
3 What international organization was founded by Clara Barton ?
1 what part of your consistency contains the corpus callosum ?
3 who is samuel f. pickering ?
4 what u.s. state of matter comes last in an alphabetical list ?
1 which thrilled preference buds first - snickers or 3 musketeers ?
5 what is the recommended weight of a 15 time period-old male that is 5 , 6 ?
5 how many small occupation are there in the united states ?
1 What articles of clothing are tokens in Monopoly ?
0 How did Super President gain his powers on the animated series ?
1 what are new computer activity for windows 95 or 98 ?
1 which thrilled taste flower first - snickers or 3 musketeers ?
1 what kind of animal is a coot ?
1 What is a fear of reptiles ?
5 how many multitude in america snore ?
1 what is a concern of worms ?
1 ray charles is best known for playing what legal document ?
0 for what reason did the shea & gould law business close their l.a. office ?
1 What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?
1 what are the component of coca-cola ?
4 what u.s. state of matter borders illinois to the north ?
4 what is the principal stream of ireland ?
0 what is a state of matter release event ?
4 what are the three most populated countries in the worldly concern ?
1 what is the most popular sports car visual property ?
1 what is the language unit of kevin costner 's movie about sioux indians ?
5 what was the u.s. highway end toll in 1969 ?
1 What type of betting is used in horse racing ?
3 what president dispatched a cruiser to carry charles lindbergh home after his epic trajectory ?
1 who were john f. kennedy 's canine ?
4 what body of water surrounds the madeira islands ?
5 what is the death toll of multitude dying from tuberculosis ?
0 why do multitude shake hands to show friendliness ?
0 how did the bikini washup suite get its name ?
0 Why is Microsoft 's Windows 3 software so successful ?
4 what satellite did percival lovell discover ?
4 where can i get a representation of prussia on the internet ?
3 who coined the word nn cyberspace `` in his novel nn neuromancer '' ?
1 What 's another name for aspartame ?
0 what is the definition of ` graphic contingent ' ?
4 What Caribbean island is northeast of Trinidad ?
1 what cartridge holder paid $5 , 000 for an eight-millimeter film of john f. kennedy 's assassination ?
1 What 's the term for a limestone deposit rising from the floor of a cave ?
3 United Nations agency was the king United Nations agency signed the magna carta ?
5 when was the first steel factory in the united states built ?
1 what crop failure caused the irish famine ?
3 what was the real name of writer ross macdonald , God of the hero lew archer ?
3 what was the name given the 6 , 500 german air force troops that used the spanish civil war as a training exercise ?
0 what is a gandy performer ?
5 what is the youngest age a boy or girl can have an consummation ?
0 What is the definition of cecum ?
0 What is `` Chicago Hope '' ?
4 where are good science tract on the internet ?
4 Where on the Internet can I find a song lyrics database similar to the International Lyrics Server ?
1 what sport can a free-legged racehorse compete in ?
0 What is saltpeter ?
4 Where is the Loop ?
1 in the miller lite tv ad , who is the creature ?
3 What is the name of the Indian who became prime minister by beating Mrs. Gandhi in the 1977 election ?
4 what 's the language unit of the wilkes plantation in gone with the wind ?
0 how do i change a record from an art record to a jpeg or bitmap record ?
1 what was the killer whale who died at sea world of a fungal ill health named ?
4 Where is the Taj Mahal ?
5 how many linear unit tall is stuart little at birth ?
4 where can i get mailing database ?
3 who played maria in the film west side story ?
1 which two intersection use a tiger as their symbol ?
5 How many different languages are spoken in Europe ?
3 who plays shortstop for charlie brown 's baseball team ?
0 What is the HIGHEST Roman numeral ?
1 what is the language unit of the 1919 occurrence in which british troops killed over 3 unarmed indian protestors ?
5 how many small occupation are there in the u.s .
1 What 's the sequel to Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland ?
3 what was mao 's second language unit ?
0 What is the origin of the expression `` tout de suite '' ?
1 What do river otters eat ?
1 What is the name of the dog on the Cracker Jack box ?
1 what ocean lining burned and sank in hong kong harbor ?
4 where do the adventures of `` the swiss family robinson '' take seat ?
1 what gaming inclination were dubbed `` mississippi marbles '' and `` memphis dominoes '' ?
5 how many percussion instrument are there in the human hand ?
5 what is the current people for these countries : france , spain , italy , greece , austria , germany , switzerland , the netherlands ?
4 What river runs through Liverpool ?
3 who loved flash gordon besides dale ?
1 what color tennis game equipment are used at wimbledon ?
1 what does an irate car owner margin call iron oxide ?
3 President Bush compared Saddam Hussein to whom ?
5 what is the chemical responsiveness of neon ?
4 what nation saw the origin of the asian flu ?
0 Why are there no white lines on pro footballs ?
4 what three european countries begin with the letter a ?
0 what are battlefield effect transistors ?
4 What is the address of the famous Mexican star `` Thalia '' ?
5 how many product has drew barrymore been in ?
5 how many muscles does the average adult use when going for a locomotion ?
5 what is the chromosome amount of an elephant ?
5 how much snow equals an inch of precipitation ?
1 what is the one thing you need before you can purchase life indemnity ?
5 How many fingers are used to draw a bow ?
0 How do birds find their way back to the same place every year ?
1 What is the Taj Majal made of ?
4 McCarren Airport is located in what city ?
1 what type is a escargot ?
0 what are christopher marlowe 's and shakespeare 's literary attempt to english literature ?
0 what is white cocoa ?
3 who taught matt murdock to use his extraordinary abilities in marvel comics ?
1 which sex is denied voting abstraction in kuwait ?
0 what is the history of valentine 's day card game ?
5 how many mechanical device helped power the plane the wright brothers flew into history ?
3 what was the name of the professional who represented randy steven craft ?
4 what country boasts the southernmost component in continental europe ?
0 what made the finger lakes in western new york administrative district ?
3 what 's mrs. bridges 's job on tv 's upstairs , downstairs ?
0 what is the point of the word `` attic '' ?
3 Which high schools are included in the South Florida Ice Hockey league ?
5 what date did man first land on the satellite ?
5 when did the activity of `` the syringe '' first appear in medicinal history ?
5 what class did charles dicken die ?
0 why does a wheel , e.g. a car tire , appear to spin in the opposite commission as it slows down ?
3 what major league baseball team compiled the best won-lost phonograph record between 1957 and 1983 ?
3 what fast-food magnate 's initial graced the left sleeve of the san diego padres ' baseball uniforms in 1984 ?
1 what is the scotch `` for people world health organization know the difference '' ?
1 what was mae west 's last product ?
1 what 's the name of a golf education in myrtle beach ?
5 how many hands does bjorn borg use when hitting his return ?
3 what director made one silent and one sound version of the ten commandments ?
1 what script is the follow-up to future shock ?
4 what 's the name of the synagogue that is located near the capital city of laos ?
0 what is a bourdon conduit ?
0 what do the amount 1 , 2 , and 4 mean on dr. pepper bottles ?
4 which landmass has the most roses ?
5 what is columbia tristar 's electronic equipment number ?
4 what are some good medical web site for information ?
0 what is the difference between molecules and compound ?
5 how many flag are there in the spectrum ?
5 how many cullions does a animal have ?
0 What is Olestra ?
3 who wrote brave new world ?
5 what is the agenda cost for the round trip between new york and london on concorde ?
3 who was the author of the book about computer hackers called `` the cuckoo 's egg : tracking a spy through the maze of computer espionage '' ?
1 what is the only modern terminology that capitalizes its singular first-person pronoun ?
1 what kind of animal are the canary islands named for ?
3 who graced the air with such pearls as `` do ya lo-o-ove me ? get naked , baby ! '' ?
3 who was the first black player to tee off in the masters ?
1 what is the fastest fish in the natural object ?
4 what is the largest and most expensive freeway construction undertaking in the u.s. right now ?
3 who found hawaii ?
0 What is the spectrum of a sine wave ?
3 Who starred in the movie The War of the Worlds ?
5 when did the jurassic period goal ?
3 who won two precious metal medals in skiing in the olympic games in calgary ?
4 where do i find information for foreclosure properties on the internet ?
4 what country was erich honecker the drawing card of ?
2 what do the letters zip stand for in the phrase `` zip code '' ?
0 How did the Great Depression affect Japan 's history ?
1 what blood sport features a change called a veronica ?
0 what was the consequence of the 1945 yalta conference ?
0 why do people shake hands to show liking ?
5 when is the jimmy buffett concert coming to the e area in camden nj ?
3 what non-conformist abstract artist was dubbed jack the dripper by time ?
3 which ventura county police department seized the largest cocaine dispatch in it 's history ?
3 Who was the 15th century fire-and-brimstone monk who gained control of Florence but ended burnt at the stake ?
3 who graced the airwaves with such jewel as `` do ya lo-o-ove me ? get naked , baby ! '' ?
3 what ship's company is the largest japanese ship builder ?
1 what is the only organ in humans that can regenerate itself ?
3 who sings the themes for `` dawson 's creek '' and `` felicity '' ?
1 what does playboy title its `` continuing talk on contemporary issues between playboy and its readers '' ?
1 what kind of flower does detective nero wolfe raise ?
0 how do you get a woman to have sex with you ?
0 why do horseshoes bring condition ?
5 How many layers of yellow paint is a Faber Mongol pencil lucky enough to be sprayed with ?
4 what city in the u.s. experienced the most emergence recently ?
4 what state of matter was herbert hoover born in ?
4 what general path does the journey in around the world in 80 days proceed in ?
5 what is the per-capita financial gain of colombia , south america , ?
1 what was the name of hitler 's unsuccessful activity to overthrow the bavarian government in munich in 1923 ?
5 how many miles of vein are in the circulatory system ?
5 how many rows of sprocket holes does a roll of 35-millimeter movie have ?
5 when was the first successful heart animal tissue for a human ?
3 what french designer declared : `` the jean is the destructor ! it is a speaker ! it is destroying creativity. the jean must be stopped ! '' ?
4 In what city is the headquarters of Sinn Fein ?
5 how many disk make up the symbol for `` because '' ?
1 what software offers inventors use of cad-like creating by mental acts ?
4 what country 's das kapital is lagos ?
3 What Pope inaugurated Vatican International Radio ?
3 what tv performer worked with white fang , black tooth and pookie the lion ?
3 what was the nickname of exemplar leslie hornby ?
1 What 's the most powerful card in Euchre ?
3 who is the pope ?
3 what famous husband-and-wife team did radio receiver ads for blue nun wine ?
5 how many head wound are there in recreational ice skating each year ?
4 what municipality in florida is sea world in ?
3 who replaced bert parks as the host of the miss america pageant ?
4 What country has declared one-fifth of its territory off-limits to Russians ?
3 who is section manager for guidance and control systems at jpl ?
0 how do i know someone is truly in emotion with me ?
3 who invented artillery ?
4 where did the sport of pole-tossing originate ?
3 Who was the first elected mayor of Washington , D.C. ?
1 what was the killer large person who died at sea world of a fungal infection named ?
5 What year did Jack Nicklaus join the Professional Golfers Association tour ?
5 the olympic games in which time period allowed nadia comaneci to become popular ?
3 what woman has carried the most multiple births , crystal , triplets , etc. , ?
0 What does storm wave mean in Japanese ?
3 what is the name of the pop singer whose song became the theme song for a name of catsup ?
1 what are the conjugations of aftermath and woke ?
5 How many hostages were killed in the Entebbe raid ?
3 who sued the dannon yougurt institution for using a character named ron raider for promotion ?
4 where on the internet can i get chemical importers ?
5 approximately how many student are enrolled at the university of massachusetts ?
4 what political unit is bounded in part by the indian ocean and coral and tasman seas ?
0 what qualifications are there for causal agent donating blood ?
1 what product on the market is good for hiding facial scratch ?
3 what was the name of the first watergate special lawyer , later fired by nixon ?
1 what four element make up 90 percent of the human body ?
5 how many rows of sprocket holes does a roll of 35-millimeter product have ?
3 Who is the Greek God of the Sea ?
1 what tv appearance chronicled the lives of katy holstrum and congressman glen morley ?
2 What does the E stand for in the equation E=mc2 ?
3 what civil war general wreaked havoc on the confederacy by marching through georgia on his way to the sea ?
4 what 's the longest stream in canada ?
5 how many equal space are there in an isosceles triangle ?
4 What 's the name of the Wilkes plantation in Gone with the Wind ?
4 what sun-blasted , 14-mile wide valley is just north of the mojave biome ?
3 Which glamorous actress is a close friend of Dick Tracy ?
1 What format was VHS 's main competition ?
3 what was the name given the 6 , 500 german airforce troops that used the spanish civil war as a education exercise ?
3 Which German president was pressured into appointing Hitler chancellor in 1933 ?
3 who provides electronic equipment service in orange county , california ?
1 what was the name of the machine in ` 2001 : a space odyssey ' ?
4 where can i get mailing list ?
3 What mayor made so many TV appearances he was asked to join AFTRA in 1984 ?
4 what is the das kapital of burkina faso ?
1 what three semblance are on the french flag ?
3 What Frenchman claimed the following ? If God did not exist , it would be necessary to invent him . ''
3 what is the name of the police officer world health organization tried to keep order in top cat 's neighborhood ?
1 what movie featured a snarly character named kid shelleen ?
5 how many pairs of branch does a lobster have ?
5 What chapter of the Bible has the most verses ?
3 who was the sovereign who was forced to agree to the magna carta ?
1 what tv series changed the names to protect the innocent ?
5 what is the current ticket agenda from from cairo to barbados ?
3 name the designer of the shoe that spawned large integer of plastic imitations , known as ` jellies ' .
4 what attracts tourist to reims ?
5 how many varieties of edible fruit are there ?
1 What are all the different kinds of contraceptives ?
1 what does god create in the first conviction of the bible ?
4 what 's the name of the wilkes grove in gone with the wind ?
0 what have you not let a tennis game equipment do if you volley ?
5 When was Beethoven born ?
1 what is mississippi 's state organism ?
0 how do you clean badly tarnished copper-base alloy ?
3 who is snoopy 's arch-enemy ?
4 what was the highest natural elevation on earth before mount everest was discovered ?
4 what country was brian boru an 11th-hundred king of ?
0 how can i search for a word within my own web page ?
0 how can i find online spelling , and punctuation exercise for my 6th grader ?
0 what function does a residential district 's water tower serve ?
2 what is a `` usb '' port on a machine ?
0 what 's nature 's goal for tornadoes ?
3 What kind of organization is ` Last Chance for Animals ' ?
3 whose storage space was bare ?
1 what war saw a naval battle between the luxury liner cap trafalgar and the carmania ?
0 what is typhoid symptom ?
0 what are amphibian ?
3 who played the heading role in i was a teenage werewolf ?
0 How is an executioner determined ?
0 what is the literal meaning of `` d-day '' ?
3 who is the director of intergovernmental affairs for the san diego region ?
5 what was the death toll at the bang of mount pinatubo ?
4 Where was the Ligurian Republic , 1797-185 , ?
0 why do work force snore ?
1 what is the music used in the new vw beetle commercial where the car spins and changes flag ?
4 where can i find a natural object atlas map online at no charge ?
0 what according to the kinsey institute , is the sexual preference of four percentage of american males ?
3 what stereo manufacturer is `` slightly ahead of its case '' ?
4 what country was brian boru an 11th-time period king of ?
5 how many stradivarius bowed stringed instrument were ever made ?
0 What is the meaning of the name Kathryn ?
0 What is a cullion ?
1 what song served as the motion theme of the johnny cash show ?
3 what government department did the untouchables activity for ?
0 what is the definition of `` chancery '' record in real estate ?
0 what facial feature typically contains about 55 haircloth ?
3 What artist 's studio was the Bateau-Lavoir in Montmartre ?
3 who was actor june havoc 's legendary sister ?
0 how does food visual property affect how you think it will taste ?
1 what tv series features the undertaking of a married couple named jonathan and jennifer ?
1 what world war i battle saw 6 , 0 troop killed in one day ?
4 what was the first political unit to put a second woman in space ?
0 what is the origin of the word `` facial hair '' ?
4 what country contains africa 's northernmost component ?
0 what characteristics contribute to its `` ability '' ?
3 what social group has a security council ?
0 what does the term 3 mean to a newspaper editor program ?
3 who was the mother of the man who would not be king , the peer of windsor ?
5 how long was the longest reflex attack ?
3 what doctor is synonymous with clothing and foot care ?
1 What shape-shifting menace did Rom come to Earth to fight ?
3 who was the first king of england ?
1 what irwin allen bomb has richard widmark saying he 'll be `` the first officer in history to get his butt kicked by a mess of insect ! '' ?
1 what was the name of the 1899 policy forced on china by which all political unit had equal trading rights ?
1 what kind of canine is scooby doo ?
1 what two consistency parts grow all your life ?
3 what female faith therapist wrote the inspirational book i believe in miracles ?
5 what is columbia tristar 's phone amount ?
1 What significant battle was fought in Belgium in 1815 ?
5 how many colored squares are there on a rubik 's cube ?
0 What is Cabarnet Sauvignon ?
3 who wrote the collector ?
1 what is the name of the 1919 occurrence in which british force killed over 3 unarmed indian protestors ?
4 What Italian city of 155 were Leonardo da Vinci , Michaelangelo , and Machiavelli all working in ?
3 who was lacan ?
1 What is it that walks on four legs , then on two legs , then on three ?
3 what u.s. air force general officer led the first bombing raid over tokyo ?
3 what lawyer won the largest divorce colony , $85 million , in u.s. history for sheika dena al-farri ?
3 What group kidnaped Patricia Hearst ?
0 why are there braille things on the atm machines that group drive through ?
3 what enigmatic u.s. vice president of the united states was once tried and acquitted for treason in a plot to set up his own independent empire in the west ?
0 what message can you get me on fairground park in st. louis
3 who wrote nn dt nnp nnp '' ?
1 what is the chemical placement of a barbie ?
3 what court game player has the nickname `` nasty '' ?
1 what semblance make up a rainbow ?
3 who is snoopy 's arch-foe ?
5 how many pitchers occupy the support beside the crouching woman in edgar degas 's 1886 painting the tub ?
4 what city gained fame for its pea-soup fogs ?
1 what are the 7 articles of the law ?
1 what words in the english have two u 's body part to body part ?
4 What country are you visiting if you land at President Duvalier Airport ?
4 what u.s. state borders illinois to the geographical area ?
0 what is the beginning of the atom ?
5 how long does it take for your liquid body substance to make one complete trip through the body ?
4 What state is known as the Hawkeye State ?
1 what plot 's board shows the territories of irkutsk , yakutsk and kamchatka ?
5 how many real fruit juices are there in a container of hawaiian punch ?
1 what are the main lineage vessels ?
1 what were the action of richard nixon ?
0 why are the ears your center of counterweight ?
3 what kind of adult gave sigmund freud erotic dreams ?
1 what type of currentness is used in china ?
1 What does an ashen-faced eidologist search out the existence of ?
0 What does palindromic mean ?
1 what character of animal is the easiest kept pet there is ?
5 what is the pennsylvania state income tax pace ?
1 What did Shostakovich write for Rostropovich ?
1 what spider makes a superb pet , even said to recognize its artist ?
1 what are the diseases that can be cured by black herb ?
3 what comedian hit the tv surface in 1951 with the nbc afternoon show time for ernie ?
1 What will a kid eat the middle of , and save the chocolate on the outside for last ?
0 How is the element strontium purified ?
5 what is the current population for these political unit : france , spain , italy , greece , austria , germany , switzerland , the netherlands ?
3 who invented the lawnmower ?
1 what future movie treat was introduced to american settler in 1603 by native americans ?
4 what two japanese city are spelled with the letters k , o , o , t and y ?
0 what 's the proud assertion to fame of the young women who formed kappa alpha theta ?
3 who is the director of the international group called the human genome organization , hugo , that is trying to coordinate gene-mapping inquiry worldwide ?
3 what 's the appellation of oddsmaker jimmy snyder ?
1 What line of luggage is named after a famous American flier ?
1 what 's the human body of a camel 's spine ?
0 how is the chemical element strontium purified ?
5 of children between the ages of two and eleven , what proportion watch `` the simpsons '' ?
4 where are the busiest ports in the natural object ?
0 what are the words to the cd eminem 's , or slim shady , `` my name is '' ?
1 what visual property is the stripe along each side of a coho salmon ?
5 how much money does each player get at the beginning of the plot in monopoly ?
5 what number is at 12 oxygen 'cloxygenck oxygenn a dartboxygenard ?
0 what are shooting ace ?
5 what is the highest number of home runs on record for any one activity ?
3 who used auh2o as an vote slogan ?
0 How do you get bubblegum out of carpet ?
5 In what year was the Wall built ?
1 what are the 7 wonders of the world ?
1 what is a research expedition in mountain climb ?
3 rotary motor used to be made by whom ?
0 What is a nematode ?
5 how many megawatts will the power project in indonesia , built by a association headed by mission energy of us , produce ?
4 What sound does Olympia , Washington , overlook ?
3 who played al jolson in the jolson story ?
0 How do you write a correct critical analysis of a poem ?
5 When did Mount St. Helen last have a significant eruption ?
4 what colorful body of water 's region does greek legend say the amazons lived near ?
1 what is the most efficient way to start a barbecue ?
4 where can i find detailed data about manchukuo ?
0 what is hypochromic anemia ?
1 In what medium is Stuart Hamblen considered to be the first singing cowboy ?
5 what brand act graces the black label of a bottle of jack daniel 's ?
5 what is the averlong time long time of a member of the team that worked on the manhatten project ?
0 What is the origin of the word `` mind '' ?
5 how many url delay are there ? and what are they ?
1 which flavorer was once sold as a patent medicine ?
5 how many people in the worldly concern speak french ?
4 what is the name of the tallest batch in the world ?
4 What general direction does the journey in Around the World in 80 Days proceed in ?
0 how do you exterminate bees that are in the wall of your home ? will bee eggs remain over winter ?
5 what is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same anniversary ?
1 what body of water liner burned and sank in hong kong harbor ?
4 what character of britain comprises the highlands , central lowlands , and southern uplands ?
0 what does `` extended definition '' mean and how would one write a newspaper on it ?
1 what kind of exercise burns the most calories ?
1 what sports consequence is meyer wolfsheim supposed to have fixed in the great gatsby ?
1 Which is the best opening move in chess ?
5 what is the average wage of a paleontologist ?
3 what is the world 's largest distilling ship's company ?
3 what was the man 's name United Nations agency was killed in a duel with aaron burr ?
1 what is the name of the michelangelo painting that shows two hands with digit touching ?
4 Jackson Pollock was a native of what country ?
5 how many fagot bees reign in a hive ?
1 What novel did Ian Fleming introduce James Bond in ?
2 what do the letters ce stand for on so many intersection , particularly electrical , purchased now ?
3 what former african person held his country 's boxing title for nine years ?
3 Who was Samuel Johnsons 's friend and biographer ?
4 Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?
5 what seven digits follow the area code in the act for long distance information ?
2 What does S.O.S. stand for ?
3 who was the prophet of the jewish people ?
1 what visual communication format was an alternative to vhs ?
3 what role do fruits play in the survival of plant ?
3 name one of king henry viii 's wives .
0 how do i find message about rice importers in the world ?
1 what were millions of kids wearing on their external body part in 1955 ?
3 who appointed the president of the federal reserve ?
3 what athlete makes the most money from sports merchandise income ?
5 how many disk make up the symbol for `` because '' ?
3 What was Mao , the Chinese leader 's , full name ?
4 in which administrative district are the mark twain national forests ?
1 what were the trial called which followed world war ii ?
1 what is the word for love of pain or misuse ?
5 how many line of sprocket holes does a roll of 35-millimeter film have ?
3 who was the ace of the 1965 broadway hit golden boy ?
0 what prompted the co-pilot of the enola gay to enter only `` my god '' in his logarithm ?
1 what is the formula to calculate private detective ?
1 what celestial body-faring race brought about the inhumans on marvel 's earth ?
4 what body of binary compound does the danube river flow into ?
1 what kind of education would you need to become an athletic flight simulator for the nfl ?
1 what animal has the biggest opinion ?
3 what famous comedian recently tried without achiever to revive the play ?
1 what spatial property-shifting menace did rom come to earth to fight ?
0 what is the deviation between new york-style and chicago-style pizza ?
1 what three flag of ink are used to print a u.s. dollar bill ?
0 what is ability steering ?
4 what two country in south america are landlocked ?
4 where do i find information for foreclosure property on the internet ?
1 what prize is the `` oscar '' of advertising ?
3 who is the director of the international group called the human genome organization , hugo , that is trying to coordinate sequence-mapping research worldwide ?
1 what is the largest hydra in the world ?
3 who killed gandhi ?
3 in what high-hazard business venture did jimmy the greek bet and lose ?
3 What is Nathan Hamill 's role in the new Star Wars prequel ?
3 Who was Santos-Dumont ?
5 how old is the sunday ?
1 what birdcall were popular in 1948 ?
3 who was the inventor of silly putty ?
5 how many milligram are in a gram ?
1 what is a fear of black group ?
5 what is the world population as of present ?
0 What is fiber in food ?
1 what visual property is the cross on switzerland 's flag ?
4 what london street claims to be the natural object center for men 's tailoring ?
3 Who is Rocky 's and Bullwinkle 's ever-lost friend ?
1 what is the music used in the new vw beetle commercial where the car spins and happening colors ?
3 What President once told Gene Autry : `` Please give my regards to your wife Dale '' ?
1 what are some of australia 's native plant ?
3 what actress holds the phonograph record for the most appearances on the cover of life ?
0 what is usenet for the internet ?
1 what kind of animal are black , yellow , and brown bullheads ?
5 how many nautical mile is it from london , england to plymouth , england ?
1 What computer operating system is on the most computers ?
0 why do n't you guys have some sort of contest where you ask a question and whoever finds the solution wins a prize ?
0 What is the origin of the ethnic category `` caucasian '' ?
1 What plant has the largest seed ?
3 which glamorous actor is a close friend of dick tracy ?
1 what is considered the costliest disaster the insurance commercial enterprise has ever faced ?
3 who invented make-up ?
1 what other language unit were the `` little rascals '' known as ?
1 what tv ordering featured neal , a martini-drinking st. bernard ?
5 how many bone are in the human hand ?
0 what are those little blue device in the middle of the road for ?
1 what are the three animals in sheila burnford 's the incredible journey ?
0 how can i find out what time period a beanie baby was introduced ?
5 how much did lucy van pelt originally attack for psychiatric sessions ?
4 what european country abandoned postage stamps in 1923 because printing them cost more than their external body part value ?
3 what honeymooners actress did television magazine language unit as 1953 's most promising star ?
0 How do I register a trade name in North Carolina ?
3 what 19th-time period painter died in the marquesas islands ?
3 who was the author of the book about computer hackers called `` the cuckoo 's egg : tracking a spy through the maze of computer espionage '' ?
4 what u.s. state has an chemical element named for it ?
0 what is the origin of the term `` buffalo wing '' that is used as a menu item in bars across the nation for chicken wing in a spicey sauce ?
5 how many calories are there in a glass of binary compound ?
1 what were the affair traditions like during the elizabethian times ?
4 Where did King Francis I hang the `` Mona Lisa '' when he owned it ?
1 what was the name of the computer in ` 2001 : a space odyssey ' ?
4 What state is the Filenes store located in ?
0 how can your educational institution march in the macy 's thanksgiving parade ?
5 what is the gestation menstruation for human pregnancies ?
1 what indoor sport saw the phoenix inferno become the phoenix pride on july 14 , 1983 , when the temperature hit 111 property ?
3 which one of the original seven mercury idea astronauts did not fly on any of the mercury flights ?
1 what is a fear of organism ?
4 What 's the second-highest mountain in the world ?
1 what was the imaginary being in spielberg 's film `` jaws '' ?
5 at what long time did rossini stop writing opera ?
3 who says , `` if you don 'pyrimidine look good , we don 'pyrimidine look good '' ?
3 who is the valet behind the pig-the valet who pulls the strings and speaks for miss piggy ?
5 in what year did thatcher become prime curate ?
3 Who played Al Jolson in the Jolson Story ?
4 what batch range extends from the gulf of st. lawrence to alabama ?
3 what championship did shevardnadze have during the soviet era ?
3 who taught matt murdock to use his extraordinary quality in marvel comics ?
1 what tale has the moral : `` he United Nations agency wants everything gets nothing '' ?
3 who was the king who signed the magna carta ?
5 When did Thatcher become prime minister ?
1 what drink is made up of rum , food milk and pineapple ?
3 what argentine packer was shot dead outside a nevada brothel in may ?
3 who is the corporate executive of stanford university ?
5 how many time of life of schooling after highschool does it take to become a neurosurgeon ?
0 what are perfect grammatical category ?
1 what racehorse won an associated press pate as the greatest horse of the 20th century ?
5 How many grooves are on a dime 's edge ?
3 What TV comedian worked with White Fang , Black Tooth and Pookie the Lion ?
5 how many meters are in a linear unit ?
1 name the men 's city that is associated with the sea .
5 how many time of life is johnnie walker black label aged ?
4 What is the largest museum in the world ?
5 how many of every 10 associate of the rodeo cowboys association have never worked a ranch ?
3 Who portrayed `` the man without a face '' in the movie of the same name ?
5 what are bottle caps with corporate executive ' pictures inside worth ?
1 what is the most common kind of skin malignant tumor in the u.s. ?
1 what currentness is used in australia ?
1 what materials did the three little swine use to build their houses ?
4 what u.s. state records the least precipitation ?
4 what is the most useful site on the internet ?
3 what cruise line does kathie lee gifford advertise for ?
5 What 's the maximum length , in inches , of a first baseman 's glove ?
3 Who was in Death of a Salesman original movie , not 1985 ?
5 what time period did art 's romantic period begin in ?
1 what indoor sport saw the phoenix inferno become the phoenix pride on july 14 , 1983 , when the fundamental quantity hit 111 degrees ?
1 what is the name of the kids ' entertainment from canadian public tv with the singing pineapple ?
3 what kind of women gave sigmund freud erotic pipe dream ?
3 who is the author of the book , `` the iron lady : a biography of margaret thatcher '' ?
4 where do quality helping begin ?
4 where is the bulls basketball unit based ?
0 how does the speed the magnet spins in a generator affect the product of the generator ?
4 where can an individual get a liaison lens tested that burned the entire surface of eye when new ?
3 who played al jolson in the jolson story ?
2 what do the letters zip support for in the phrase `` zip code '' ?
0 Why can 't women serve in the Navy on board submarines ?
5 how many people died in the vietnam military action ?
1 what color are a cerise tree 's flowers ?
0 What is e-commerce ?
3 when mighty mouse was conceived , what was his original language unit ?
1 What household products are there for adult acne ?
4 What 's the nearest star to Earth ?
3 Who holds the NFL record for most touchdowns in a season ?
5 How much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?
4 what two political unit ' coastlines border the bay of biscay ?
0 How do you convert foot-pounds to foot-inches ?
1 what tv game show once saw a contestant admit to picking his digit in the shower ?
1 what alloy do bull and tin form ?
1 What 's the word for broken glass or sharp rocks embedded in cement on top of a wall ?
1 what erica jong novel transaction with isadora wing 's fear ?
5 What chapter of Gone with the Wind has Rhett Butler leaving Scarlett O 'Hara ?
3 who portrayed `` rosanne rosanna-dana '' on the television receiver show `` saturday night live '' ?
0 what is the literal message of `` d-day '' ?
1 What beer 's name is translated as `` lion brew '' ?
5 How much will gas be taxed in California by the year 2000 ?
0 how is city made ?
1 which sex is denied voting right field in kuwait ?
5 how many pairs of stamina does a lobster have ?
0 what is the difference between love and passion ?
3 what costume designer decided that michael jackson should only wear one baseball equipment ?
1 What is California 's state bird ?
0 How do you make a million bucks ?
4 where can i find the best free evidence for discussion about russia ?
4 what municipality or state do the most gay men live in ?
5 How many languages are there in the world ?
0 How do I tie a tie ?
4 what natural elevation range extends from the gulf of st. lawrence to alabama ?
4 where can i find information on research being done on oilseeds thru genetics ?
0 why doesn 't www.answers.com have any answers to my questioning ?
3 name the person who burst through the surface in the lite beer commercials .
1 what two natural object parts grow all your life ?
5 In what year was the cannon invented ?
3 who is the administrator and editor of the movie big starring tom hanks ?
4 What country did King Gustav V reign over from 197 to 195 ?
3 who sings the song `` drink to me with thine eyes '' by ben johnson ?
3 what are the first names of the famous husband-and-spouse acting team of lunt and fontanne ?
5 How long was the longest hiccup attack ?
1 what sport magazine has the largest circulation ?
0 how can people from ireland come to the u.s. , activity , and then return to ireland ?
4 which nation did hitler rule ?
3 Who was the lyricist and who was the composer between Gilbert and Sullivan ?
1 what are the four natural care used in riding a horse ?
3 who is the expert in rent-a-cars ?
4 what two political unit contain sierra nevada mountains ?
5 how many equal sides are there on a scalene triangulum ?
0 what are my legal rights in an car repossession in california ?
1 what is the name of the artwork of growing miniature trees ?
3 what six-foot temperance advocate wielded her weapon on saloons ?
0 how do i stop background noise in a motor vehicle stereo ?
4 what 's the nearest celestial body to earth ?
0 what is different about the red and black dodger ?
5 what fraction of a beaver 's animation is spent swimming ?
0 how can i easily remove red wine sdeoxythymidine monophosphateains from deoxythymidine monophosphate-shirdeoxythymidine monophosphates ?
1 what is april 's crystal ?
4 what country 's das kapital was formed when pesth and buda merged ?
3 who played lucas mccain on the rifleman ?
2 in a computer , what does scsi mean ?
3 what well-known music personality is the parent of an adopted son named hans christian henderson ?
1 What product did Robert Conrad dare people to knock off his shoulder ?
5 what percentage liked thatcher after she had been in power for a decade ?
5 how many tenths of the earth 's surface lie under body of water ?
1 What book does Holden Caulfield appear in ?
4 What city does Orly Airport serve ?
3 Who was the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic ?
1 what were popular birdcall and types of birdcall in the 1920s ?
1 what is the name of the juvenile ' show from canadian public tv with the singing pineapple ?
0 How do I find a web address for a company ?
3 whose acceptance speech of more than 3 minutes prompted a fourth dimension limit on academy award thank-yous ?
3 who is the only prime clergyman of canada to serve 22 years but not necessarily consecutively ?
3 who was the 15th century fire-and-brimstone monk who gained control of florence but ended burnt at the share ?
5 on what date did rosa parks become a symbol of the civil rights change for refusing to give up her seat on the bus ?
1 what movie told of anna anderson 's title to be a russian czar 's daughter ?
1 what children 's tale contains the line : `` come , cinderslut , and hold this skein of fabric for me '' ?
4 What is the oldest website on the Internet ?
0 What do the figures represent on the Easter Island ?
1 What relative of the racoon is sometimes known as the cat-bear ?
5 how many group in america snore ?
1 what category of education would you need to become an athletic trainer for the nfl ?
3 who is known as `` the worldly concern 's oldest teenager '' ?
0 what 's the origin of the word ` information ' ?
0 what is `` condensation point '' ?
4 What famed river flows through Bagdad ?
3 What is Larry King 's occupation ?
3 What future President became Senate majority whip under Harry Truman ?
3 what was the name of `` the muppets '' godhead ?
1 What Don McLean song laments the day Buddy Holly died ?
0 What is an annotated bibliography ?
1 What are fingernails made of ?
5 what is the most number of goals scored by a single team in an nhl hockey activity ?
3 what was the name of the director of the product `` jaws '' ?
0 how do i get a complete tilt of all the people that are living with the last name kilvington ?
3 what are the only actor eligible to score points in roller derby called ?
3 what comic of tv 's golden age went by the saying `` anything for a laugh '' ?
1 what is a concern of childbirth ?
1 what was the name of baretta 's parrot ?
0 What according to the Kinsey Institute , is the sexual preference of four percent of American males ?
5 what class was the setting for american graffiti ?
0 how do i find a city if i have the region code ?
1 What materials did the three little pigs use to build their houses ?
1 what is beethoven 's 9th sonata called ?
3 Who betrayed Norway to the Nazis ?
3 who was the 15th century fire-and-brimstone monk who gained power of florence but ended burnt at the stake ?
4 where did the mutant of caber-tossing originate ?
0 What is the history of Buffalo chicken wings ?
3 what famous communist person died in mexico city ?
1 what films featured the fictional character popeye doyle ?
5 what percentage of juvenile between the ages of two and eleven watch ` the simpsons ' ?
4 What was the tallest building in America in 1922 ?
5 how many fourth dimension in his 16-year national basketball associaton career was john havlicek a member of the all-star team ?
1 what are some structure to help someone with chicken pox ?
0 what is meant by `` capital marketplace '' ?
3 what california governor said : `` inaction may be the highest form of action '' ?
1 what 's the international radio code discussion for the letter f ?
3 who made the first airplane that could fly ?
0 What are the words to `` My Way '' written by Paul Anka ?
4 what body of water separates naples and algiers ?
1 what color eyes are most sensitive to actinic radiation ?
3 what six-foot temperance advocate wielded her hatchet on barroom ?
5 how many american soldier have died for their country to date ?
0 what is the difference between talk and blues ?
3 who was the inventor of the stove ?
1 what hide-and-seek game is played around a can can ?
0 what is the history of buffalo chicken wing ?
1 what was the sister vessel of the olympic ?
5 how many home score did babe ruth hit in his lifetime ?
1 name a person that is extinct .
4 where are the haversian channel ?
1 what coloring material eyes are most sensitive to light ?
3 what two us biochemists won the nobel prize in medical science in 1992 ?
1 what explosive do you get by mixing charcoal , chemical element and saltpeter ?
0 what is the difference between body covering and fur ?
1 what historical psychological feature happened in dogtown in 1899 ?
3 what jester is not so wise to lose an oath to win a paradise ?
0 how does a small businessman contact the good humor ice cream ship's company to do business with them ?
3 what horseman won 17 triple crown races ?
3 who is pia zadora 's millionaire husband and mentor ?
1 What product on the market is good for hiding facial scars ?
4 what body of binary compound does the yukon river empty into ?
0 how do companies cut material so thin ?
4 where can i find information about bob barr , negotiator from georgia ?
3 who created big ben ?
1 what is widely used to detect beginning defects ?
1 What is the longest word in the English language ?
0 what is the origin of the term `` buffalo wings '' that is used as a menu part in bars across the nation for chicken wings in a spicey sauce ?
3 what comedian hit the tv filmdom in 1951 with the nbc afternoon show time for ernie ?
1 what medium is stuart hamblen the first singing ranch hand in ?
2 what 's the form for trinitrotoluene ?
0 how does a parachute employment ?
3 What female faith healer wrote the inspirational book I Believe in Miracles ?
4 what is the fastest growing state in the u.s.a. in 1998 ?
2 when reading classified ads , what does eenty : other point of view for ?
0 what are the side effects of lovastatin ?
0 how do i find a snowboarding web site ?
3 who is section manager for guidance and control instrumentality at jpl ?
1 what british tv serial inspired all in the family ?
4 Where does the tennis star Stefan Edberg come from ?
4 What eastern state sprouted the first commercial nuclear power plant in the U.S. ?
1 what are the wolverine substance abuse ?
0 what is a link ?
5 how many prisoner were killed in the entebbe raid ?
0 what is home finance ?
4 what were the first three municipality to have a population of more than a million ?
1 Ray Charles is best known for playing what instrument ?
0 what was the finding in the trial of lizzie borden ?
4 what three european countries begin with the document a ?
3 what doctor claimed in a 1946 book : `` there is no such thing as a bad male '' ?
0 what is the hair style called that new military recruit receive ?
4 what is the language unit of the gulf between sweden and finland ?
3 woodrow wilson served as president of the united states of what university ?
3 who holds the career evidence for the most major league home runs ?
3 what president 's favorite biblical citation was : `` come now , and let us reason together '' .
1 what 's the term for a limestone deposit rising from the floor of a geological formation ?
3 Who was the first American world chess champion ?
5 how much of the earth 's artifact is permanently frozen ?
3 Who was credited with saying : `` I never met a man I did n't like '' ?
1 what lineage sport features a movement called a veronica ?
0 how would someone go about becoming an body part donor ?
3 what is the name of the pop singer whose song became the theme song for a sword of catsup ?
1 what color is the sasstick on boy george 's wax sass at london 's madame tussaud 's ?
0 what is the economic impact of state on the economy ?
3 what six-animal foot temperance advocate wielded her hatchet on saloons ?
3 what sovereign boycotted prince charles 's wedding ?
3 who is the `` queen mother '' ?
3 what poet wrote : `` ... i have promises to keep , and linear unit to go before i sleep '' ?
3 what 's the most common name in child's room rhymes ?
0 what do you need to do to marry someone in correctional institution ?
3 What king boycotted Prince Charles 's wedding ?
5 how many sides does an dagger have ?
4 what nation was mikhail gorbachev the leader of ?
5 How many films did Ingmar Bergman make ?
1 what is a fear of physical condition ?
3 who was actress june havoc 's legendary baby ?
0 what does the language unit gina mean ?
0 what is greek flatbread ?
4 what were the city of dickens 's a tale of two city ?
1 What is a fear of odors , body , ?
1 what is another word for the painful wrist syndrome ?
1 Which ear can most people hear better with ?
5 How many John Deere tractors have been manufactured ?
0 how can i look up person 's e-mail address on the internet ?
0 how do i change a record from an art record to a jpeg or bitmap record ?
3 what famed fool appeared on an early howdy doody show and insisted that clarabell be made up as a real fool ?
3 name a french fascist organization .
3 name the child left on a sill at the beginning of gasoline alley .
1 what document did president andrew johnson want a copy of placed under his external body part upon his burial ?
3 what baseball actor was walked the most times ?
5 how many gambling house are in atlantic city , nj ?
3 which japanese car maker had its biggest proportion of sale in the domestic market ?
0 how does zatanna perform her magic trick in dc comics ?
3 who portrayed maggio in the film from here to eternity ?
4 what country did the mau mau uprising take point in ?
0 what are binomial coefficient ?
3 Who 's the only president buried in Washington
3 Who won the first general election for President held in Malawi in May 1994 ?
1 what vessel game began as an east-west contest between michigan and stanford in 192 ?
1 what two major natural object religions began in india ?
0 how do i change a record from an art record to a jpeg or bitmap record ?
1 what chocolate bar created by frank mars and his wife is often called a milky way with peanuts ?
4 what two countries ' outline border the bay of biscay ?
3 what president had never held an elected place of business until he was elected to the white house ?
5 what was the minimum regular payment in 1991 ?
0 why does a wheel , e.g. a motor vehicle tire , appear to spin in the opposite direction as it slows down ?
3 What was her real name ?
3 who made the largest cocaine seizure in ventura county history ?
5 what ratio of child of ages between two and eleven watch ` the simpsons ' ?
1 what film had bette davis creating a scandal by wearing a daring red gown to a society game equipment ?
0 what does the term 3 mean to a newspaper skilled worker ?
5 how many head injuries are there in recreational ice skating each time period ?
1 what malignant tumor is commonly associated with aids ?
3 which of the multitude did not receive a 1983 `` outstanding mother award '' from the national mother 's day committee ?
3 Which of the following men was not married to Rita Hayworth ?
5 how many different kinds of methamphetamine cream are there ?
3 what group make up half the soviet union 's population ?
0 what do players try to do when the music stops in a activity of musical chairs ?
1 what was the name of the u.s. navy gunboat in the movie the sand pebbles ?
0 what is a gas dismissal event ?
0 from what cause does infectious disease stem ?
1 What type of currency is used in China ?
0 what is the contents of proposal 98 ?
1 what is a inquiry expedition in mountain climbing ?
4 what former royal mansion has served as a granary , prison , arsenal , leper colony , mint , telegraph station and whorehouse before becoming an art museum ?
5 what will the california gas tax metallic element in the year 2000 ?
4 what famed partition supports the badaling turret ?
0 how do ouija boards employment ?
3 What U.S. vice-president said : `` Some newspapers dispose of their garbage by printing it '' ?
5 how many life does a typical mayfly live ?
1 what are the five basic swimming accident ?
0 What is the song Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin about ?
3 who is the famous movie star who also acted as sewer commissioner of provo canyon , utah ?
3 What President dispatched a cruiser to carry Charles Lindbergh home after his epic flight ?
2 what does vcr stand for ?
1 what operating organization do ibm-compatible machines use ?
5 How many horses are there on a polo team ?
3 who did dita beard work for ?
3 what frenchman claimed the following ? if god did not exist , it would be necessary to invent him . ''
0 how can i find out how much income levy is paid on social security income on the 1998 income levy ?
4 what 's the home plate of the rockettes ?
5 how many semblance are there in a rainbow ?
3 Who were the Yankee 's frequent enemies ?
0 What is proposition 98 about ?
5 when did the royal marriage of prince andrew and fergie take place ?
3 what hockey actor did ronald reagan joke he would swap texas for ?
1 what kind of poisoning is known as illness ?
1 what was the name of the american ship sunk by a mine in havana seaport , causing the spanish-american war ?
4 Where is the Henry Ford Museum ?
0 what is the literal meaning of `` d-day '' ?
1 what are the best manner to improve employee morale at low cost ?
3 who was the first black entertainer to have his own network tv show ?
0 what is an dawn ?
1 what is the best way to overcome a concern ?
1 what british tv serial featured emma peel ?
1 what oldtime kids ' fare did tv guide writer jeff greenfield call `` one of the most...subversive tv shows in american history '' ?
5 How many people die from tuberculosis each year ?
0 why do eyes sometimes look red in photograph ?
0 How did water appear on the earth ?
3 which two creator invented post-its ?
0 what happens to the female body with lack of physical condition and food ?
3 whose double is alleged to be on the shroud of turin ?
1 what 12-hour cold medicine uses the mathematical statement `` 6 , 6 , 12 '' in its ads ?
0 What is swap math ?
3 who recorded the 1957 hit tammy ?
3 Who played Humpty Dumpty in the 1933 film Alice in Wonderland ?
3 who is langston hughes ?
3 what wrestle star became `` the incredible hulk '' ?
0 how do you fix squeaky floor ?
4 Where is Logan Airport ?
5 how many endangered species are there in the natural object ?
3 what are names of two old men United Nations agency appear in the serial tv muppets show ?
3 who is prince naseem hamed ?
3 what painter popularized soup container and brillo soap pad boxes ?
4 what asian country once thrilled to the sport of cricket conflict ?
1 what is the treatment for natural depression ?
4 what is the snowiest municipality in the u.s. ?
4 in what part of the natural object is mozambique ?
1 what are some colorful flower that will bloom in the fall in new england ?
1 name four famous cartoon cat .
5 how many stations do you shoot from in the court game game `` around the world '' ?
3 The major league baseball team in Pittsburgh is called what ?
1 what activity do steve mcqueen and edward g. robinson play in the cincinnati kid ?
3 What are the characters ' names in the Scooby-Doo cartoon ?
5 what time period begins with the vernal equinox ?
3 who is the son-in-law of sen. everett dirkson who was also a senator in the '70 's ?
3 what university contact sport team did o.j. simpson take to the rose bowl ?
4 what is the largest u.s. state cardinal compass point of the mississippi ?
0 What is the difference between love and infatuation ?
3 who spoke the only language unit in mel brooks 's silent movie ?
0 why does tuberculosis afflict multitude ?
1 what materials did the three little pigs use to build their building ?
1 What is celebrated during the week of February 21-27 ?
4 What part of Britain comprises the Highlands , Central Lowlands , and Southern Uplands ?
4 what u.s. city 's horizon boasts the gateway arch ?
0 What is recruitment interview technique ?
5 What is the population of Mexico ?
3 What crooner joined The Andrews Sisters for Pistol Packin Mama ?
3 who was the first adult to fly solo across the atlantic ?
1 what is a concern of money ?
5 what was thatcher 's approval rating after 10 time of life in power ?
5 How much did a knight 's armor weigh ?
4 what country boasts the most barrier ?
3 which nba contestant had jersey number 0 ?
3 who was the first black performer to have his own network tv entertainment ?
3 what fast-food baron 's initials graced the left sleeve of the san diego padres ' baseball uniforms in 1984 ?
3 who is the civil authority of marbella ?
0 how do you calculate the change in heat content of a chemical reaction ?
1 what meat complemented sweet potatoes and peas in the first tv dinner ?
1 what fastener did whitcomb judson document in 1893 ?
0 what did fcc chairman newton minow declare tv to be on may 9 , 1961 ?
1 What cocktail inspired John Doxat to write the book Stirred-Not Shaken ?
3 Who was the first host of Person to Person ?
4 what political unit did the nazis occupy for 1 , cd nns in nnp nnp nnp .
1 what common plant has a fastener , cap , cup , gills , and ring ?
0 What 's the difference between TFT and dual-scan display ?
5 what time period did montana become a state ?
5 What are the three winter months in the southern hemisphere ?
4 where can i find a website that gives comparison of good prices ?
5 how many feet high is the hurdle in front of a runner 's steeplechase water increase ?
0 what are twelve ?
5 how many copies of an album must be sold for it to be a precious metal album ?
3 who is westview high 's social group director in funky winkerbean ?
0 what is the hypothesis of equivalence states ?
1 What must be exceeded to produce a sonic boom ?
1 what would you add to the clay mixture to produce connective tissue china ?
1 what british tv series featured emma peel ?
1 what tv quiz show left the air travel in 1975 to the tune of vera lynn 's we 'll meet again ?
5 what is the penalty for having a dog on a beach ?
2 What is the full name of the PLO ?
4 What Russian city used to be called St. Petersburg and Petrograd ?
3 who owns the rights on a tv program ?
5 what is the current unemployment magnitude relation in the u.s. ?
5 how loud is big h ?
3 what `` marvelous '' major-league baseball player is now a spokesperson for a beer company ?
0 what does `` e pluribus unum '' on the fractional monetary unit mean ?
3 who asked the musical question : `` have you ever been to electric lady farming ? ''
4 which municipality did christian crusaders fight to recapture from the muslims ?
0 What is the definition of `` chancery '' file in real estate ?
3 who wrote the lyrics to porgy and bess ?
0 why do we ask for the `` hindrance '' and not the bill at a restaurant ?
5 what was the great britain people from 1699-172 ?
5 how many electoral body votes does colorado have ?
3 who said : `` the victor will never be asked if he told the accuracy '' ?
4 in what state was the first co-educational body established
1 What is the best way to overcome a fear ?
4 What country contains Africa 's northernmost point ?
2 in a machine , what does scsi mean ?
1 What 's the favorite food of dragonflies ?
3 name the designer of the horseshoe that spawned millions of plastic imitations , known as ` jellies ' .
2 what is the abbreviated word used for the national bureau of investigation ?
3 Who did Arthur H. Bremer try to assassinate on May 15 , 1972 ?
3 what is the best distance education body or college ?
4 what 's the world 's largest church ?
5 how many boys play the activity in winslow homer 's 1872 painting snap the whip ?
5 When did they canonize the Bible ?
1 in beetle bailey , can you name sarge 's canine ?
1 what acting card symbolizes death ?
5 How fast must a spacecraft travel to escape Earth 's gravity ?
3 who graced the medium with such pearls as `` do ya lo-o-ove me ? get naked , baby ! '' ?
4 what eastern administrative district sprouted the first commercial nuclear power plant in the u.s. ?
1 What are dinosaur droppings called ?
1 What animal received royal assent as an emblem of Canada on March 24 , 1975 ?
5 how long is the worldly concern 's largest ship , in meters ?
0 What is diabetes ?
1 which kevin costner product involves the sioux indians ?
5 in what year was the product the ten commandments released ?
4 where can i find a list of all the companies in america that offer a direct stock leverage plan ?
3 what u.s. vice-president of the united states once declared : `` if you 've seen one slum , you 've seen them all '' ?
3 what group was formed in 1969 after police met resistance from patrons at the stonewall , a greenwich village gay browning automatic rifle ?
0 what are the words to the canadian national song ?
5 how long does it take different substance to decompose ?
3 what is steve rogers 's occupational group when he 's not captain america ?
5 what number of american soldiers remain unaccounted from the vietnam military action ?
1 name a sioux communication .
4 where can i get a complete listing of showtimes in my region ?
3 who was the first american in attribute ?
1 What trade did the 15th and 16th century Portuguese hope to control between Asia and Europe ?
0 what is the design of the vessel titanic ?
1 what is a fear of juvenile ?
1 what is the term for person who hates mankind ?
1 What did Martin Luther post on the church door at Wittenberg ?
1 what grand slam golf contest wasn 't held between 1940 and 1945 ?
1 what trophy is awarded to the winner of the super bowl ?
0 How did Lee Harvey Oswald purchase his rifle ?
5 How many feet long is a baseball pitcher 's rubber ?
4 what state in the united states covers the largest region ?
3 United Nations agency is the french literary charcter United Nations agency is chiefly famous for his enormous nose ?
3 which member of the micronauts spent 1 years traveling the microverse in the marvel cartoon ?
0 what is the difference between jazz and blue ?
1 what vertebrate can swim but can 't fly ?
5 how many warmup sound property does a reliever get coming into a baseball game ?
1 What vehicles are raced in the Tour de France ?
4 what european nation abandoned postage stamps in 1923 because printing them cost more than their face value ?
0 what was the cause for the partition of the anglican and vatican churches ?
3 whose history by maurice zolotow is titled shooting star ?
3 what presidential press secretary dismissed watergate as a third-rate felony attempt ?
1 what war did florence nightingale tend the troop in ?
0 how do birds find their manner back to the same place every year ?
5 how many meter are in a mile ?
1 what anesthetic did queen victoria allow to be used for the parturition of her seventh child , in 1853 ?
1 what d.h. lawrence fiction was originally titled tenderness ?
5 what is the busiest air travel time period ?
5 what is the chemical responsiveness of argon ?
1 what hermann hesse book gave its name to a natural object group ?
4 what is the largest shopping plaza in the world ?
3 who played the title role in my favorite martian ?
3 what nfl team did vince lombardi end his employment career with ?
4 what state of matter in the u.s. has the most blacks ?
3 who wrote `` much ado about nothing '' ?
4 what state is edmonton located in ?
3 what card company sells christmas decoration ?
3 What Scottish poet penned To a Mouse and To a Louse ?
4 on what stream is strasbourg built ?
0 what is ametropia ?
3 what comic of tv 's golden age went by the motto `` anything for a utterance '' ?
4 What country has the most time zones , with 11 ?
1 what keeps physical phenomenon in the air ?
3 what american naval serviceman broke japan 's isolationist policy in 1853 ?
4 what political unit will hit the year 2 first ?
4 What country received all the Nobel Prizes awarded in 1976 ?
1 what 's the international radio code word for the document b ?
1 what kind of pawl is scooby doo ?
1 what magazine paid ernest hemingway $15 a language unit to write a bullfighting article ?
3 who was the only president to serve two nonconsecutive terms ?
0 Why do people shake hands to show friendliness ?
3 what u.s. general was court-martialled for criticizing american air quality ?
3 Who is always trying to get the rent from Andy Capp ?
0 How do I find out about jobs ?
0 how can scientists predict atmospheric phenomenon by observing clouds ?
3 who is currently the most popular singer in the world ?
5 what is the end toll of people dying from tuberculosis ?
4 what is the name of the satellite that the ewoks live on ?
1 what was the name of sergeant preston of the yukon 's lead pawl ?
1 what is the largest diapsid in the world ?
5 how long does it take the typical american to eat 23 quarts of ice elite ?
1 what `` little red car '' is mentioned in pop singer prince 's hit birdcall ?
3 Who was known as the Time Master in comic books ?
0 What is a nanometer ?
1 what is a fear of noise ?
5 How many muscles does an oyster have ?
3 what two ball game players make up the battery ?
4 What is the highest mountain in the world ?
1 what are the most common weather in the earth 's crust ?
0 what is antioxidant-commantioxidantrcantioxidant ?
3 Who was Sherlock Holmes 's archenemy ?
4 what is the web address of the list of e-message addresses of members of the house of representatives ?
0 what makes a tornado curve ?
3 what british head of state 's lap did p.t. barnum 's tom thumb sit in ?
0 What is the origin of the term `` The Brooklyn Side '' in bowling ?
5 how many feet long is a baseball pitcher 's condom ?
1 what is `` the soft drink for adult '' ?
0 What are Kythnos , Siphnos , Seriphos and Mykonos ?
4 What state produces the best lobster to eat ?
3 what attorney-general officer ordered the closing of alcatraz ?
3 what is the name of the american swimmer who won seven gold decoration in the 1972 olympics ?
4 What were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ?
3 what asian spiritual and political leader was married at the property of 13 ?
0 what is dry crystal ?
0 Why did several San Diego schools remove apples from students menus ?
3 what activity has the highest divorce rate ?
1 what is the fastest-growing comic part of all time ?
5 what is the people of arcadia , florida ?
3 who wrote the book , `` the grinch who stole christmas '' ?
5 how many calendar month does a normal human pregnancy last ?
4 where does the weird shape of the dinner pisces knife originate from ?
3 what tennis actor has the nickname `` nasty '' ?
4 what country contains africa 's northernmost decimal point ?
0 what is the definition of the term `` weapon system '' ?
3 who was known as the time master in comic books ?
3 who released the internet worm in the late 1980s ?
0 how did the months of the time period get there name ?
4 what country does the mont blanc tunnel join ?
4 Where did Bill Gates go to college ?
4 where are the austerlitz and victor hugo metro stops ?
0 how can i look up someone 's e-mail savoir-faire on the internet ?
3 what bottled-up tv fictional character was born in baghdad ?
3 which of the following celebrities started his show-biz occupation as a disc jockey ?
3 what comedienne calls her female sibling-in-law captain bligh and her mother-in-law moby dick ?
1 what morris west novel transaction with russian bishop who becomes pope ?
1 what was the favorite diversion of tom wolfe 's the pump house gang ?
1 What Stephen King novel is set in a graveyard for pets ?
0 what is the point of a.m. and p.m. ?
4 what nation offered albert einstein its presidency in 1952 ?
1 what film had bette davis creating a scandal by wearing a daring red gown to a club ball ?
1 the corpus callosum is in what character of the body ?
5 What is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?
3 what is the name of the police officer who tried to keep order in top cat 's section ?
5 what section of gone with the wind has rhett butler leaving scarlett o 'hara ?
4 What are the top five oil-producing countries in the world ?
1 what psychological feature happened january 26 , 1978 ?
3 who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver ?
1 which haircloth care product told us `` hate that gray , wash it away '' ?
4 Name the highest mountain .
3 who wrote the literary composition that starts `` i love your lips when they 're wet with wine and red with a warm desire '' ?
3 who is the drawing card of brunei ?
0 why is the universe flat , if it started by an plosion , shouldn 't it be a sphere ?
1 What book is the follow-up to Future Shock ?
3 name of heroine in `` scruples '' ?
4 where can i find correct tabs for third eye blind musical composition ?
1 What is the term for a group of geese ?
3 What little boy and dog live in a shoe ?
1 what color of dry alcohol should be served with veal roasts and chops ?
4 what are the top five oil-producing countries in the worldly concern ?
1 what peter blatty fiction recounts the horrors of regan macneil 's possession by the devil ?
5 how many times has harold stassen announced a propulsion for the white house ?
5 How many years do fossils take to form ?
1 what was the name of the television entertainment , starring karl madsen , that had san francisco in the title ?
0 what does the language unit `` meta '' mean ?
5 how big is a child bald eagle ?
5 What is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?
3 What Asian leader was known as The Little Brown Saint ?
5 What is the population of Mozambique ?
1 what hermann hesse script gave its name to a rock group ?
3 who penned : `` neither a borrower nor a lender be '' ?
0 what is being done about the millennium microbe ?
4 what nation claimed rubens , van dyck and bruegel as citizens ?
5 how many muscle does the average adult use when going for a walk ?
1 what 's the geographic term for the submerged outskirt of a continent ?
3 Who wrote Unsafe at Any Speed ?
3 what comedian hit the tv screen in 1951 with the nbc afternoon show time for ernie ?
5 how many different collection zones are there ?
4 What country comes last in an alphabetical list ?
5 how many web site are there in the world ?
1 what are some ways to help person with chicken pox ?
1 what 's the language unit of the tokyo stock exchange ?
3 What well-known music personality is the father of an adopted son named Hans Christian Henderson ?
1 what turns blue acid-base indicator paper red ?
3 what was football star elroy hirsch 's appellation ?
1 which type of bomber was bought recently by south korea ?
3 Silly putty was invented by whom ?
4 what political unit did the allies invade in world war ii 's operation avalanche ?
5 how many times does the tide decline and flow each day ?
1 what color is the stripe along each side of a coho food fish ?
5 what is the price for aaa 's indebtedness auto insurance ?
1 which side should a bowler facing a 37803 acrobatic stunt hit the 3-pin on-the left or the right ?
5 in south korea , how many american soldiers are there ?
0 why do they call a ground beef a ground beef when there is no ham ?
3 What TV character sired a horse named Thunder ?
0 How does it make its colors ?
5 what is the youngest age a boy or girlfriend can have an orgasm ?
1 what is a fear of thief ?
0 What is the definition of hazmat ?
5 how many bones are there in the human handwriting ?
5 what amount of folic acid should an expectant parent take daily ?
4 where on the internet can i get information about the fifth amendment on the american bill of rights ?
5 what is the time it takes a typist to type a script that is 100 pages long ?
1 what frederick forsyth novel chronicles the toppling of an african government by adventurer ?
0 How do I log on to home page at Headquarters U.S. European Command ?
1 what person did whitcomb judson patent in 1893 ?
5 how many sperm compartment are in an average ejaculation ?
3 what famous husband-and-wife unit did radio ads for blue nun wine ?
4 What country was Mikhail Gorbachev the leader of ?
4 where can i find the schematic to the windshield wiper mechanism ?
0 what is the beginning of the expression `` tout de suite '' ?
1 what is the language unit of the art of growing miniature trees ?
1 What 's the international radio code word for the letter F ?
4 what is the largest city in the natural object ?
5 how many inning constitute an official baseball game ?
4 What are the Benelux countries ?
3 what is the activity of nicholas cage ?
3 Who spoke the only word in Mel Brooks 's Silent Movie ?
3 who are the two sons of ozzie and harriet nelson ?
1 which slope should a bowler facing a 37803 split hit the 3-pin on-the left or the right ?
4 what country 's people are the top broadcasting watchers ?
3 what room judge called himself the law west of the pecos ?
1 what intersection does `` mrs. olsen '' promote ?
3 what person was nicknamed iberia 's pilot ?
5 In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?
0 How do I start a bank ?
1 To what does Microsoft 's Windows 3 owe its success ?
3 what company uses the unfamiliar faces of its important person spokespeople to promote the use of its product ?
3 What company uses the unfamiliar faces of its celebrity spokespeople to promote the use of its product ?
5 what is the life expectation of an elephant ?
4 Where can I find a lesson plan for teaching the metric system conversion to American standard ?
5 what is the current ticket menu from from cairo to barbados ?
5 How much money are Dumbo 's ears insured for ?
5 in what time period did thatcher become prime minister ?
3 who said , `` i shall return . '' during world war two ?
1 what indoor diversion saw the phoenix inferno become the phoenix pride on july 14 , 1983 , when the temperature hit 111 degrees ?
0 Define Spumante .
3 which bourbon king was restored to the french throne during napoleon 's abdication ?
3 what is the language unit of the inventor of silly putty ?
1 what soft beverage first appeared in the old corner drug store in waco , texas , in 1885 ?
1 what irwin allen bomb has richard widmark saying he 'll be `` the first officer in history to get his cigarette kicked by a mess of bugs ! '' ?
1 what category of nuts are used in marzipan ?
0 how do you write mla property bibliographies for an internet source ?
0 How can scientists predict weather by observing clouds ?
1 What comic strip sometimes features a mailman named Beasley ?
5 when is the jimmy buffett concert coming to the e center in camden nj ?
1 what william styron book is about a black preacher United Nations agency leads a slave revolt ?
3 what famous spouse-and-wife team did radio ads for blue nun wine ?
1 what film was based on the looseness everybody comes to rick 's ?
5 How big is our galaxy in diameter ?
3 what enigmatic u.s. vice president was once tried and acquitted for treason in a plot to set up his own independent conglomerate in the west ?
3 what is the name of the american swimmer who won seven amber medals in the 1972 olympics ?
3 who portrayed the title fictional character in the film the day of the jackal ?
3 who has more dna - a man or a woman ?
1 what was organized as a confederate veteran ' social club in pulaski , in tennessee , in 1866 ?
1 what household adeptness contains a float ball , ballcock , and overflow tube ?
3 what name does the natural object know renaissance artist kyriakos theotokopoulos by ?
0 what do japanese school clothing look like ?
3 who declared : `` i am down on whores and i shan 'pyrimidine spyrimidineop ripping pyrimidinehem '' ?
0 why is black the coloring material of mourning in the west ?
1 what formation of luggage is named after a famous american flier ?
0 what is the meaning of hypochromic anemia ?
0 what is the origin of the language unit ozymandias ?
3 who is currently the most popular singer in the natural object ?
4 what city has the world 's longest railway system ?
3 what tv comedy character had the maiden name ethel potter ?
5 on which dates does the football play of the bulls occur in pamplona , spain ?
4 What 's the fifth-largest country in the world ?
5 how many people have been killed in wars , armed dispute ?
3 What son of a 15-year-old Mexican girl and a half-Irish father became the world 's most famous Greek ?
0 what happened in dogtown in 1899 to make that time period remembered ?
5 How many pounds are there in a stone ?
1 what are the illness that can be cured by black cumin ?
1 what are other manner of getting stretch marks besides pregnancy , weight loss , and weight lifting ?
4 what mountain range marks the boundary of france and spain ?
1 what is the fear of the machine called ?
1 what is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as : involuntary change , tics , swearing , and incoherent vocalizations , grunts , shouts , etc. ?
1 What 's the tallest piece on a chessboard ?
4 what is the highest body of water in the united states ?
3 what ivy league school plays its residence games at palmer stadium ?
4 where was richard nixon when gerald ford became president of the united states ?
4 what city is wiener dish named for ?
3 what boxer 's animation story is titled raging bull ?
3 who is langston hughes ?
1 what household commodity are there for adult acne ?
0 how does a small enterpriseman contact the good humor ice cream company to do enterprise with them ?
1 what 's the geographic condition for the submerged fringe of a continent ?
4 what u.s. state has the most person ?
1 What money was used here ?
0 how is paraguay for vacation ?
1 What kind of file has the extension .dbf ?
1 what was the first tv set to include a remote control ?
0 what was the first funk 'n lata , brazilian group , happening ?
5 how many muscles does the average adult use when going for a walk of life ?
1 name the product that is `` at your grocer 's , at your tip . ''
0 what function does a gathering 's water tower serve ?
0 What will happen when sodium is put in water ?
3 what famous product and tv cowboy lent his name to a fast food chain ?
3 who was chairman of the senate select committee that tried to get to the bottom of watergate ?
1 what album put the beatles on the covering of time in 1967 ?
1 To get the most caffeine , what soda should I drink ?
1 What did the crocodile swallow in Peter Pan ?
5 how many multitude did randy craft kill ?
3 what was mao , the chinese person 's , full name ?
0 what is a virtual ip address ?
5 how many times a time unit does the typical person go to the bathroom ?
5 what was the u.s. highway end toll in 1969 ?
3 which doonesbury imaginary being was likely to turn into a werewolf ?
0 what are a baseball team 's play ?
1 What kind of guitar did Jimi Hendrix play ?
3 what english internet explorer discovered and named virginia ?
1 what haircloth color can i use to just cover a little gray ?
1 what carries sperm up into the pelvic location ?
5 How many sides does a heptagon have ?
3 which oil company almost picked a discussion that meant `` stalled car '' in japanese as its new international name ?
3 who is malaysia 's 43rd prime minister ?
1 what 's the international radio written communication word for the letter f ?
3 who was the communicator of the book about computer hackers called `` the cuckoo 's egg : tracking a spy through the maze of computer espionage '' ?
3 Which company claimed to be `` the world 's biggest toy store '' ?
3 what character do fruits play in the survival of plants ?
3 What Democratic prankster waved the train out of the station while Richard Nixon spoke from the caboose ?
1 what was the longest military action in u.s. history ?
1 What is a fear of punishment ?
3 who won the first world series ?
3 Who reports the weather on the `` Good Morning America '' television show ?
3 what college football team did knute rockne build into a quality ?
4 what administrative district full of milk and honey was the destination in the grapes of wrath ?
3 What is the last name of Lucy and Linus from the Peanut 's comic strip ?
5 how much energy is released when oxygen and chemical element mix ?
5 How many cullions does a male have ?
4 what nation boasts cawdor castle , glamis castle , and blair castle ?
1 What is the best-selling television soundtrack of all time ?
5 how many astronauts have been on the satellite ?
0 how do you look up criminal evidence on the internet ?
0 for what cause did the shea & gould law firm close their l.a. office ?
4 what natural elevation lie between the arkansas and missouri rivers ?
0 What is the definition of the term `` weapons system '' ?
1 what animals do you find in the stock certificate market ?
4 what is worth seeing in reims ?
3 who discovered imaginary numbers ?
0 how do i know how much medium of exchange to save for retirement ?
5 how much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of chocolate ?
0 what is the origin of the substance ?
3 Who killed Martin Luther King ?
1 what children 's tale contains the formation : `` come , cinderslut , and hold this skein of wool for me '' ?
2 what do the letter ce stand for on so many products , particularly electrical , purchased now ?
3 what tv comediennes 's characters include former movie star nora desmond , head mrs. wiggins and a housewife named eunice ?
0 what are the concept to `` snow golf '' ?
1 what is a concern of being alone ?
1 what animal skin-and-seek game is played around a tin can ?
3 Who was the first coach of the Cleveland Browns ?
0 What is the difference between microprocessors & microcontrollers ?
4 what structure are british monarchs crowned in ?
3 what 2th-century fictional imaginary being attends pencey prep school ?
0 what stairway can be taken to prevent diabetes ?
1 name the work force 's cologne that is associated with the sea .
3 name of scholar on whose literal written record from the chinese and japanese ezra pound depended ?
1 What TV station did Mary Richards work for ?
3 who declared : `` i think i 'll go out and milk the elk '' ?
5 how long was the longest sneezing operation ?
5 what geological case do we live in ?
1 what robert louis stevenson fiction was inspired by deacon william brodie , a cabinetmaker by day and burglar by night ?
0 What is the definition of a witch ?
1 what drink is made up of rum , coconut milk and herb ?
5 how high is the municipality of denver ?
2 what do the culture d.c. stand for in washington , d.c. ?
3 who are the presidents of mexico and indonesia ?
3 who provides telephone servicing in orange county , california ?
3 Who wrote the book , `` Huckleberry Finn '' ?
4 what general direction does the travel in around the world in 80 days proceed in ?
3 what british prime curate and u.s. president were seventh cousins once-removed ?
3 what is the name of the pop singer whose musical composition became the theme musical composition for a brand of catsup ?
4 where are the busiest amtrak railing stations in the u.s. ?
1 what circuit board game does a `` wood-pusher '' play poorly ?
4 what country 's group are the top television watchers ?
1 which meal cereal brought you `` the best each morning '' ?
0 what was the value of magellan ?
1 what is `` the great american syndicate cereal '' ?
4 Where does Mother Angelica live ?
1 what war did the wanna-go-home riots occur after ?
5 what are the possibility of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?
3 the name of the actor United Nations agency played the detective in the film kindergarden cop is what ?
5 How much did Manchester United spend on players in 1993 ?
1 which airplane was fawaz younis convicted of highjacking ?
5 what is the price for aaa 's liability motor vehicle insurance ?
1 in kafka 's metamorphosis , the leader awakes one morning to find himself turned into what ?
5 How big is the Chappellet vineyard ?
1 What letter appears on the cold-water tap in Spain ?
0 How can I find a list of celebrities ' real names ?
4 what country is located at 13 academic degree north latitude and 10 academic degree east longitude ?
1 what is considered the costliest calamity the insurance industry has ever faced ?
1 What has to be produced in a writ of habeas corpus ?
1 what irwin allen bomb has richard widmark saying he 'll be `` the first serviceman in history to get his butt kicked by a mess of bugs ! '' ?
1 what breed of canine was the `` little rascals '' canine ?
1 what are the disease that can be cured by black cumin ?
1 what j.r.r. tolkien script features gimli as a central character ?
3 what baseball diamond producer controls about 80% of the world 's baseball diamonds ?
5 What are the statistics for drunken drivers in Maryland ?
1 what are the American habits ?
1 what are the shortest and the longest musical composition ever produced ?
5 how many group died because of a smoking problem in 1997 ?
1 what creativity does the principle of conservation of energy make impossible ?
3 Who was the lawyer for Randy Craft ?
1 what five cards make up a perfect cribbage hand ?
1 what is the most heavily caffeinated soft beverage ?
0 what causes blue musket ball ?
3 what cigarette ship's company urged us , `` come to where the flavor is ? ''
4 what capital is built around monument circle which contains soldier and sailors monument ?
0 what can i do to get into an ivy league educational institution ?
1 what crop failure caused the irish famine ?
5 how many class old is benny carter ?
5 When did beethoven die ?
5 How many years did it take James Joyce to write Ulysses ?
5 how many work unit are there in soy sauce ?
0 how do you find the area of a ellipse ?
5 what 's the maximum act of clubs a golfer may use in a round ?
3 what ball game player was known as charley hustle ?
5 what is the youngest age a boy or woman can have an orgasm ?
3 what character did john peter zenger play in the deveopment of the newspaper in america ?
0 How does marijuana lead to other drugs ?
3 what was the name of the 187s irish terrorist group in pennsylvania production areas ?
4 Which two states enclose Chesapeake Bay ?
3 who founded the modern theory of measure ?
3 What player squats an average of 3 times during a baseball doubleheader ?
1 what are some tips for building a ardor in a ardorplace ?
0 what 's the difference and advantages of selecting a super vhs vcr over plain vhs model ?
1 What did Dan Aykroyd and John Belushi quit Saturday Night Live to become ?
0 what did john f. kennedy consider his greatest blunder in place of business ?
3 what japanese electronics ship's company was named for a coastal city northeast of tokyo ?
0 where did the language unit root beer come from ?
0 What is the origin of the term `` buffalo wings '' that is used as a menu item in bars across the nation for chicken wings in a spicey sauce ?
0 what is the haircloth style called that new military recruits receive ?
5 what is columbia tristar 's phone amount ?
5 how many metric linear unit are in a mile ?
5 how many rows of whiskers does a feline have ?
0 how come light stalk go out ?
3 Who is the prime minister in Norway ?
5 how much material does an average dairy cow produce in a day ?
0 what are the factor leading to the high teen pregnancy rate in spartanburg , south carolina ?
5 How many times a day does the typical person go to the bathroom ?
2 what do the letter d.c. stand for in washington , d.c. ?
4 Where is Inoco based ?
3 who made the largest cocaine seizure in ventura county past ?
0 Why do the chickenpoxs last so long ?
3 what famous meat company went out of business because it became known that the hell had been selling them kangaroo meat ?
5 in what class did the bounty mutiny happen ?
5 how many different category of ice cream are there ?
5 how far can a human sense organ see ?
3 who was the first womanhood governor of wyoming ?
1 what are the heading of some r-rated sony playstation games ?
4 What country borders Denmark to the south ?
3 who 's won the most oscars for costume blueprint ?
1 what work-clothing are named for dungri , a suburb of bombay ?
1 what 1950 product won seven oscars , including best picture ?
3 what institution sells the most greeting cards ?
1 what did warlock wear on his frontal bone in marvel comics ?
1 what kind of diversion team is the buffalo sabres ?
5 what is columbia tristar 's electronic equipment number ?
4 what are the names of the tourist attractions in reims ?
4 where can i find a strip or book to help me say , write and understand japanese ?
3 what honeymooners actress did television press name as 1953 's most promising star ?
0 why can 'pyrimidine women serve in pyrimidinehe navy on board submarines ?
3 who was the first black to be head coach of a major association pro sports team ?
5 how many james bond novel are there ?
1 what is the only substance that gives food its `` sensation '' when eaten ?
3 who was thucydides ?
1 what tv plot show once saw a contestant admit to picking his toes in the shower ?
4 where can i find information of legal cases about the individuals with disabilities education act ?
1 what was the language unit of the television show , starring karl madsen , that had san francisco in the title ?
3 what famous male vocalist has the same name as the musician of the opera hansel and gretel ?
4 what nation has the port of haifa ?
5 what are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the duct ?
3 the lawyer who represented randy craft , what was his language unit ?
1 What is the best brand for a laptop computer ?
1 what is the most famous german word in the english communication ?
3 Name Dick Tracy 's two children .
3 what actor learned to play the saxophone and speak russian for a duty in a movie ?
1 what nevil shute fiction is about the doomed survivors of a nuclear war ?
3 who was the first adult governor of wyoming ?
1 what magazine paid $5 , 000 for an eight-metric linear unit film of john f. kennedy 's assassination ?
3 what is the name of the police officer who tried to keep order in top cat 's region ?
3 what is the name of the american swimmer who won seven precious metal medals in the 1972 olympics ?
5 what is the magnitude of the student body at the university of massachusetts in amherst ?
3 who was the author of the novel `` far from the madding crowd '' ?
0 How do I impress a guy ?
0 what effects do nitrates have on the situation ?
4 what is the web address of the tilt of e-mail addresses of members of the house of representatives ?
0 how do you make panoramic sugar egg for easter - the ones with the scene inside ?
5 How many colors was the 1940s collectible called a Donald Duck Rubber Boat ?
4 what u.s. administrative district comes last in an alphabetical list ?
3 who 's played the most games for the new york yankees ?
5 How many American actors were nominated for the best actor Oscar for 1983 ?
1 what homerian epic record events toward the end of the trojan wars ?
5 when was the g7 group of political unit formed ?
1 what 1942 espionage product reunited director john huston with maltese falconers humphrey bogart , mary astor , and sidney greenstreet ?
3 what two baseball players make up the barrage ?
3 what is the best internet occupation to go into ?
0 how can i get someone 's phone number if i only have their screen language unit ?
0 what are plastid ?
5 How tall is the Matterhorn ?
1 What explosive do you get by mixing charcoal , sulfur and saltpeter ?
4 which way do you turn your bic to increase the combustion - clockwise or counterclockwise ?
0 why is the supergrass green ?
1 which magazine is `` fine entertainforcet for force '' ?
3 what person followed columbus to the americas ?
4 What country did the Nile River originate in ?
4 what land was the target of the u.s. 's operation urgent fury ?
4 what are the top 5 tallest structure in the world ?
3 what was the language unit of the confederate mounted guerrilla group with which jesse james and coleman younger had ridden ?
4 What Kentucky city calls itself The Horse Center of America ?
1 What were first used by John L. Sullivan and James J. Corbett in 1892 ?
0 What is the Motto for the State of Maryland ?
3 Who is the leader of India ?
1 what cbs soap classical music was interrupted by the bulletin of john f. kennedy 's assassination ?
4 What are Britain 's two longest rivers ?
2 what does the language unit laser mean ?
1 what does a topophobic performer suffer from ?
5 how long does a dog rest ?
3 who is the voyager project manager ?
3 who invented the electric guitar ?
4 where does barney rubble go to work after he drops fred off in the `` flintstones '' wit series ?
5 what year did man-made fiber stockings first go on sale ?
4 what u.s. state lived under six emblem ?
3 who followed up his first two underwater thriller with the girl of the sea of cortez ?
2 what does the transmission espn stand for ?
2 what is the abbreviated human body of the national bureau of investigation ?
5 how many revolution does a standard lp make in three minutes ?
5 what percentage of the world 's plant and animal coinage can be found in the amazon forests ?
0 what are equity safety ?
5 how many different terminology are spoken in europe ?
3 what singer 's collision song inspired the dolly parton stallone movie rhinestone ?
3 rotary engine cars were made by what institution ?
1 What is a good book to read for people who hate to read ?
0 what function does equilibrium have on the existence of an organism ?
1 what poem contains the course , `` grow old with me the best is yet to be '' .
3 who has won the most super bowls ?
3 which organization is the security council a character of ?
3 who invented the road traffic cone ?
4 what are the capital cities of the two large political unit that occupy the iberian peninsula in europe ?
3 who starred in singing in the rain and the singing nun ?
3 what famous meat company went out of occupation because it became known that the underworld had been selling them kangaroo meat ?
1 what kind of matter is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?
3 What British monarch 's lap did P.T. Barnum 's Tom Thumb sit in ?
3 who was the 15th century fire-and-brimstone monk who gained control of florence but ended burnt at the stake ?
5 when was the browning automatic rifle-code invented ?
5 how much would a black-and-white 1-cent seal be worth , thomas jefferson on it , ?
3 who fired maria ybarra from her position in san diego council ?
3 who was the author of `` john brown 's body '' ?
1 Italy is the largest producer of what ?
5 what is the horsepower of the shuttlecock boosters ?
1 what is the language unit of the kids ' show from canadian public tv with the singing pineapple ?
0 what are the benefits of a rowing device ?
1 what is the language unit of the dog on the cracker jack box ?
5 where does the u.s. rank among worldly concern countries in area ?
0 how do i find info about rice importers in the worldly concern ?
1 what is nero wolfe 's favorite beverage during office hours ?
4 where is the massive north korean nuclear whole located ?
3 who asked the musical question : `` have you ever been to electric lady land ? ''
5 In what year was Gandhi assassinated ?
3 what major victorian novelist spent as much fourth dimension working for the post office as he did writing ?
0 What is the difference between classical conditioning and operant conditioning ?
3 What 19th-century writer had a country estate on the Hudson dubbed Sunnyside ?
5 how many president have died on the 4th of july ?
3 what well-known music permale offspringality is the father of an adopted male offspring named hans christian hendermale offspring ?
1 what beer advertised that it had `` three gang '' ?
4 where are the tropical precipitation forest distributions ?
0 what happens to the female consistency with lack of sleep and food ?
1 What is the name of the game that Garry Kasparov plays ?
3 who 's the twin buddy of the greek goddess artemis ?
3 who is the prime minister of japan ?
5 when did the dow first limit ?
3 who was the founding member of the pink floyd band ?
4 what is the municipality in which maurizio pellegrin lives called ?
4 what sprawling u.s. state of matter boasts the most airports ?
1 what formation divided the north and south in the u.s. civil war ?
1 What film canine is buried in Pere-Lachaise cemetery in Paris ?
1 what william makepeace thackeray novel was made into a product by stanley kubrick ?
1 Which cats pursued Tweety Pie in his first cartoon appearance ?
5 how much pizza do americans eat in a sidereal day ?
1 What four elements make up 90 percent of the human body ?
0 What is an aortic abdominal aneurysm ?
0 how do you tell your parents you are dating an older adult ?
5 what is the airfield code for los angeles international ?
1 what card activity can feature dealer 's choice ?
3 who was the first womanhood to run the mile in less than 4 36893 minutes ?
0 how does it make its flag ?
5 How many cards are dealt to each player in Gin Rummy ?
3 Who died 1 feet from where John F. Kennedy did ?
1 what kind of tree seemliness lebanon 's flag ?
3 name the cartoon genie conjured by the magic gang shared by nancy and chuck .
5 how long does it take the moon to revolve around the earth ?
0 how do you write a correct critical analysis of a literary composition ?
5 how many three-letter variation can be made from the four letters : c ?
1 what is the name of the immunogen for chicken pox ?
3 what are the first name of the famous husband-and-wife acting team of lunt and fontanne ?
3 What baseball star turned down a $1 , 000-a-year contract because he felt he had n't earned it ?
4 where can i find a lesson design for teaching the metric system conversion to american standard ?
2 what does a&w of ancestor beer fame stand for ?
0 how do you write a publication report ?
5 How many people in Tucson ?
1 which medium is hamblen the first musical performance cowboy in ?
1 What is a camel hair brush actually made out of ?
5 how many years did physical conditioning beauty physical condition ?
0 What causes panic attacks ?
4 mccarren airport is located in what municipality ?
5 When was the women 's suffrage amendment ratified ?
5 how many pitcher occupy the shelf beside the crouching woman in edgar degas 's 1886 painting the tub ?
1 which comic book was not spawned directly from the mass magazines ?
4 what two political unit are separated by the bering strait ?
5 how many language unit are there in a line of hendecasyllabic poetry ?
1 what is a fear of nox or darkness ?
1 What flower did Vincent Van Gogh paint ?
3 What was the name of Randy Craft 's lawyer ?
3 what are names of two old force who appear in the serial tv muppets show ?
5 how long does a tent-fly live ?
3 what is the language unit of the woman who was with john belushi when he died ?
0 what are the powers and weaknesses of green lantern 's sound ?
0 how do you exterminate bees that are in the walls of your home plate ? will bee eggs remain over winter ?
1 what are the most common element in seawater ?
0 how do you do a topic boundary ?
3 What tennis player has the nickname `` Nasty '' ?
0 how do you convert animal foot-pounds to animal foot-inches ?
0 What is the nature of learning ?
5 What is the per-capita income of Colombia , South America ?
1 what book is the follow-up to future shock ?
1 What kind of fish is a coney ?
4 what is the highest mountain in the worldly concern ?
0 what causes the redness in your feature when you blush ?
5 how many knight are there on a polo team ?
5 What was the U.S. highway death toll in 1969 ?
1 what is the name for physical phenomenon that produce rain ?
5 how many different countries export chocolate ?
1 what drug did sigmund freud become fascinated with while experimenting with the care of neurasthenia ?
0 How do you solve `` Rubik 's Cube '' ?
1 what is an example of a natural acid-floor indicator ?
3 Name a canine cartoon character other than Huckleberry Hound to have a voice by Daws Butler .
3 who was sherlock holmes 's archenemy ?
5 how many time of life do fossils take to form ?
3 Who killed Kurt Cobain ?
3 who is stationed at camp swampy in the comic strips ?
1 what cock do you use to crewel ?
3 what green bay packers bus philosophized : `` there 's nothing that stokes the fire like hate '' ?
0 what is home plate banking ?
3 what writer is famous for physically putting himself into the center of his subject topic ?
5 how many quad follow a period at the end of a sentence ?
5 What is the wingspan of a condor ?
0 what is in baby solid and baby lotion that makes it smell the way it does ?
1 what kind of script does fodor 's publish ?
1 what cocoa bar created by frank mars and his wife is often called a milky way with peanuts ?
3 who did sara jane moore try to assassinate ?
3 name one of king henry viii 's wife .
0 What do the number 1 , 2 , and 4 mean on Dr. Pepper bottles ?
4 Where were the 1936 Summer Olympics held ?
5 What number is at 12 o 'clock on a dartboard ?
1 What 's the literary term for a play on words ?
0 What is Srpska Krajina ?
1 which hair work product told us `` hate that gray , wash it away '' ?
3 what name does the worldly concern know renaissance artist kyriakos theotokopoulos by ?
4 where does most of the cannabis entering the united states come from ?
1 what script does holden caulfield appear in ?
3 Who directed `` Jaws '' ?
0 what is real case processing ?
4 what do we call the imaginary formation along the top of the rocky mountains ?
0 what is difference between a post horse and a print ?
5 how many dollars a time unit did arthur frommer say you could get by on in europe in 1968 ?
3 what chilean corporate executive was killed in a 1973 coup d 'etat ?
0 what is the beginning of the peace symbol ?
0 how does a hurricane word ?
0 What are values ?
4 what former royal palace has served as a granary , prison , armament , leper colony , mint , telegraph station and whorehouse before becoming an art museum ?
1 what war saw struggle at parrot 's beak and black virgin ?
0 what is a `` node '' in machine terms ?
4 what are some good fractal web web site ?
1 what 's the term for a limestone deposit rising from the horizontal surface of a cave ?
3 who died with more than 1 , 000 u.s. patent to his credit ?
3 who was samuel johnsons 's person and biographer ?
5 how many thousand are in 1 mile ?
3 who played the championship role in i was a teenage werewolf ?
0 what is difference between a poster and a photographic print ?
5 what are the odds of giving beginning to twins ?
5 how many teats does a female butt sport ?
4 what is the website for the usa writing ?
4 what country 's people are the top television perceiver ?
0 how do you box train a feline ?
4 Where can I get a map of Prussia on the Internet ?
1 what is a concern of cold ?
5 what proportion of the world 's plant and animal species can be found in the amazon forests ?
5 How many shillings more than 2 were there in a guinea ?
1 what soft drink would provide me with the biggest intake of alkaloid ?
3 what was the language unit of the us helicopter pilot shot down over north korea ?
5 what 's the maximum dimension , in inches , of a first baseman 's glove ?
0 what is thermal situation ?
1 what is a emotion of weakness ?
0 What causes rust ?
0 What is The Gay Science ?
3 what actor came to meal in guess who 's coming to meal ?
4 What city was Martin Luther King Jr. assassinated in ?
0 What is the difference between a fruit and a vegetable ?
5 What was Joe Namath 's first contract worth ?
1 What cards are bullets ?
5 how many spaces follow a period at the end of a string of words ?
4 where did the story of santa claus originate ?
1 what is the language unit of the ` female ' counterpart to el nino , which results in cooling temperatures and very dry weather ?
1 what four weather make up 90 percent of the human body ?
0 what is the origin of the language unit `` mind '' ?
1 name a sioux terminology .
5 how many dollars a sidereal day did arthur frommer say you could get by on in europe in 1968 ?
1 What is the name of David Letterman 's dog ?
1 in what instrumentality is stuart hamblen considered to be the first singing cowboy ?
3 what singer became despondent over the death of freddie prinze , quit show occupation , and then quit the occupation ?
3 who were the five marx brother ?
3 name the tree growing institution .
5 on average , how long fourth dimension does it take to type a screenplay ?
1 What are new computer games for Windows 95 or 98 ?
3 When the Tutankhamun exhibit was on display in the U.S. , what moving company transported it ?
1 what 's the spatial property of a camel 's spine ?
1 what are all the different types of dish ?
1 what musical composition did patti page set people dancing to in 1950 ?
5 how many time period has harold stassen announced a drive for the white house ?
0 What is the feudal system ?
0 why are there olives in martini ?
4 what african capital is named for a u.s. president of the united states ?
3 what group was formed in 1969 after force met resistance from patrons at the stonewall , a greenwich village gay bar ?
3 what tv character said ; `` one of these days , alice , prisoner , right in the kisser '' ?
5 what is the average case to kiss somene ?
0 what excuse did the nato group give for hitting the chinese embassy ?
3 what businesses or agencies would do an state verification ?
0 what are fairness securities ?
0 How do ants have sex ?
1 What words in the English have two u 's back to back ?
0 what is the origin of the term `` old world buffalo wings '' that is used as a menu item in bars across the nation for chicken wings in a spicey sauce ?
1 what cooking vegetable oil has `` corn goodness '' ?
3 what are the top ten all-time money making nfl unit ?
3 who is the adult behind the pig-the adult who pulls the strings and speaks for miss piggy ?
3 who wrote the secret life of walter mitty ?
3 who is the leader of india ?
5 how many people live in municipality ?
3 who gave abbie hoffman his first dose of lsd ?
0 how can i easily remove red alcohol stains from t-shirts ?
5 Dialing , 900 , 740-TREE to have a tree planted will cost how much ?
3 who was president of afghanistan in 1994 ?
0 what is the producer collabrative ?
3 Who was the original Humpty Dumpty ?
0 how can you tell if causal agent is lying ?
0 why are organ graft more successful today ?
3 what six-foot temperance advocate wielded her tomahawk on saloons ?
5 how many linear unit are there in a mile-and-a-quarter recetrack ?
5 when was the internal burning engine developed ?
1 what coloring material of dry wine should be served with veal roasts and chops ?
3 who was the prophet of the jewish group ?
3 what president served for five years , six time period and 2 days ?
1 in what product is the number nine found in the title ?
0 what facial property typically contains about 55 hairs ?
1 what was the name of the television appearance , starring karl madsen , that had san francisco in the title ?
3 what is the name of the american swimmer United Nations agency won seven gold medals in the 1972 olympics ?
4 What cathedral was Thomas Becket murdered in ?
4 what north american municipality boasts the biggest polish population ?
1 what color bottle do good rhine wines come in ?
0 what is the beginning of the word marijuana ?
3 what is the language unit of the managing director of apricot computer ?
5 What day of the week sees the most fatal car accidents ?
5 how many multitude are taller than 7 feet ?
0 what is `` decision making '' anymore ?
1 what color are court game balls ?
1 What brand of jeans did Calvin Klein admit in a 1984 interview he felt more comfortable wearing ?
0 why did the shea & gould law business leave los angeles ?
4 what asian city boasts the world 's biggest game alley ?
4 where on the internet can i find information on laundry detergent ?
0 how does the tail affect the formation of a kite ?
3 who built the first successful stern wheel boat ?
5 how many people on the earth were killed from the bombing of pan am flight 103 over lockerbie , scotland , december 21 , cd .
5 how old was lucille ball when the appearance `` i love lucy '' premiered ?
0 how does visual property affect a person psychologically ?
5 how many set of wings does a tsetse fly have ?
4 what state of matter do not have state income tax ?
3 what well-known actor is the founder of star alan alda ?
3 what is dr. ruth 's last language unit ?
1 what kind of flowers does policeman nero wolfe raise ?
5 how many megawatts will the power work in indonesia , built by a consortium headed by mission energy of us , produce ?
3 what u.s. president was the first to breed equine ?
4 What U.S. city 's skyline boasts the Gateway Arch ?
5 how many estate in a mile ?
1 Which thrilled taste buds first - Snickers or 3 Musketeers ?
3 name the juvenile left on a doorstep at the beginning of gasoline alley .
3 What group included Abbey Hoffman , Jerry Rubin , and Tom Hayden ?
1 what was the name of the television receiver show , starring karl madsen , that had san francisco in the title ?
3 who is the fastest guitarist ?
3 who invented the paper supply chamber ?
3 what is michael jackson 's middle language unit ?
1 what instrument did the crossed slits in english castles accommodate ?
4 What 's the longest river in Canada ?
1 what harmful chemical are in bug spray ?
3 What actor has a tattoo on his right wrist reading Scotland Forever ?
3 Who made the first airplane that could fly ?
1 what war saw military action at parrot 's beak and black virgin ?
0 How do I love thee ?
1 for what disease is the drug sinemet used as a discussion ?
3 what texas surgeon performed the first artificial kernel transplant ?
1 what `` melts in your sass , not in your hands '' .
1 what does final four refer to in the sports worldly concern ?
5 how many months does it take the moon to revolve around the earth ?
2 What is the abbreviated term used for the National Bureau of Investigation ?
5 what is the average weight for a adult ?
4 On which Hawaiian island is Pearl Harbor ?
2 what is the correct way to abbreviate milliliter. at the bottom of a business letter ?
3 what writer-journalist made his chump describing colorful broadway and underworld characters ?
4 where can i get information on the original 13 us body ?
1 What 's the term for a bet before cards are dealt ?
3 who is the only prime minister of canada to serve 22 years but not necessarily consecutively ?
3 what was the player 's name who played nose fishing gear for the eagles in super bowl xv ?
4 What is the fastest growing state in the U.S.A. in 1998 ?
3 who was the first taiwanese president ?
4 what country contains the westernmost component in south america ?
1 what stephen king fiction is set in a graveyard for pets ?
5 What date is Richard Nixon 's birthday ?
1 what was the first english play written exclusively for juvenile ?
1 what was the top box office product in april 1998 ?
1 what soft helping is most heavily caffeinated ?
1 What English word has the most letters ?
3 Who is the French literary charcter who is chiefly famous for his enormous nose ?
0 Colin Powell is most famous for what ?
1 What is a fear of black people ?
0 what are the speech to the canadian national anthem ?
0 what is the function of a car bra ?
0 what does the condition 3 mean to a newspaper editor ?
5 What are the lengths of pearl necklaces ?
1 What are the most common breeding birds in the U.S. ?
1 what type of animal is the easiest kept animal there is ?
3 who was the lawyer for randy steven craft ?
0 how can i get someone 's electronic communication address ?
0 Why does a candle go out when we blow on it ?
4 where do group mountain climb in nepal ?
1 what line of luggage is named after a famous american traveler ?
5 how many culture appear with the numbers 2 to 9 on a telephone dial ?
5 what are the chances of pregnacy if the erectile organ does not penetrate the vagina ?
0 what effect does lsd have on the genius ?
3 which bourbon king was restored to the french chair of state during napoleon 's abdication ?
0 Why does the sun shine only a short time in Alaska ?
2 What does JESSICA mean ?
0 how can i find a list of , fax and or email , addresses for human resource department in massachusetts ?
1 What kind of books does Fodor 's publish ?
3 who is karenna gore , al gore 's oldest daughter , married to ?
3 What Batman character tools around on a Batcycle ?
5 what chapter of the bible has the most writing style ?
3 who was the last u.s. president to reinstate selective service registration ?
1 in ad 999 , what sort of celebration , fears , were there ?
1 What do goldfish lose if kept in dimly-lit or running water ?
3 who did the seven mules artifact for ?
4 what canal does the thatcher ferry bridge couple ?
5 how many states have a `` lemon law '' for new motor vehicle ?
2 What does BMW stand for ?
1 what vowel do all esperanto content word end in ?
4 what municipality did the flintstones live in ?
5 what is the biological time period for human pregnancies ?
0 what is a gas release psychological feature ?
1 what are some translation of the phrase `` thank-you '' ?
5 how many james bond fiction are there ?
4 what nation and western singer is known as the silver fox ?
1 what are the top vegetable crop in the world ?
5 What was the number of people that Randy Steven Craft was convicted of killing ?
5 How many years ago did Led Zeppelin release its last album ?
0 What was the Chivington Massacre ?
1 Name a Salt Lake City newspaper .
1 what visual property is chablis ?
1 what color is the band along each side of a coho salmon ?
0 what is the point of the name ` scarlett ' ?
0 what is the beginning of the city `` corpus christi '' ?
1 what john steinbeck fiction portrays the joad family , driven from the oklahoma dustbowl ?
5 what percentage of the consistency is muscle ?
0 how can your school Gregorian calendar month in the macy 's thanksgiving parade ?
1 What auto race was Wilbur Reed the first to win three times ?
4 what island was the reference point of the u.s. 's operation urgent fury ?
1 What is a fear of being alone ?
2 What does INRI stand for when used on Jesus ' cross ?
4 what city was john f. kennedy nominated for president of the united states in ?
5 what is the life couple of the average monkey ?
3 who 's the twin male sibling of the greek goddess artemis ?
0 how do you write mla style list for an internet source ?
3 what tv comedian worked with white fang , black tooth and pookie the lion ?
1 what is the name of the largest water committee project in china ?
1 what platform of cards includes the wheel of fortune , the lovers , and death ?
4 what is the name of the tallest natural elevation in the world ?
1 what is a concern of parasites ?
4 where was `` i have fallen , and i can 'deoxythymidine monophosphate gedeoxythymidine monophosphate up '' said firsdeoxythymidine monophosphate ?
4 what man-made waterway is 1.76 miles long ?
4 what is bill gross 's email code ?
1 what was jimmy durante 's subject song ?
1 what can one see in reims ?
1 which mosquito 's wound draws blood , dt nn cc dt nn .
5 What is Martin Luther King Jr. 's real birthday ?
1 What is the West Virginia state animal ?
3 what kind of multitude took part in shays ' rebellion in massachusetts in 1787 ?
1 what animal has the best proceeding ?
4 what is the largest depository in the world ?
4 what famed comic strip of land is a 15-minute boat trip across the venetian lagoon from venice ?
5 How many years of bad luck follow breaking a mirror ?
5 how many multitude die from tuberculosis each year ?
0 what does the double-o indicate in 007 ?
0 what is the past of valentine 's day cards ?
1 what category of crystals exist ?
4 which property do you turn your bic to increase the flame - clockwise or counterclockwise ?
4 what is the largest museum in the natural object ?
3 who is the person of india ?
0 how did the content of best man start ?
5 what are bottle headdress with presidents ' pictures inside worth ?
0 what are the cookies in internet ?
5 how many megawatts will the quality project in indonesia , built by a consortium headed by mission energy of us , produce ?
2 What does IQ stand for ?
1 what italian fly was hijacked in 1985 ?
4 what is the country of point for the name thomas ?
1 what do nymphalid mate with ?
1 What three colors of ink are used to print a U.S. dollar bill ?
3 what pot does madonna advertise for ?
0 what is a metric ton ?
1 what is a concern of thunder ?
1 What are the ages in comic book lingo ?
3 what comedian was banned from the ed sullivan show for allegedly making an obscene gesture at the show 's adult ?
1 what 's the largest u.s. agricultural craw by weight ?
3 what ball game team was routinely called `` dem bums '' by its frustrated fans ?
4 what is the residencelite inc. residence page ?
3 who thought he 'd never see a poem lovely as a tree ?
3 what group asked the musical doubt do you believe in magic ?
0 why do woman have to wear training bras ?
3 who was the prophet of the jewish multitude ?
1 what developed a opening in 1835 while tolling the death of u.s. chief justice john marshall ?
3 what is the real language unit of disc jockey `` wolfman jack '' ?
0 What do the red-and-white stripes on a barbershop pole stand for ?
1 what is the sword name of daminozide ?
0 what is the message of caliente , in english , ?
4 what south american city has the natural object 's highest commercial landing field ?
0 why do some fountain have a vapor trail , and others do not ?
5 when is the sun closest to the earth ?
3 what british sovereign 's lap did p.t. barnum 's tom thumb sit in ?
4 Which way do you turn your Bic to increase the flame - clockwise or counterclockwise ?
0 what 's the perplexity of the bermuda triangle ?
3 who was jane goodall ?
1 What holidays or observances are celebrated in Italy ?
5 When did President Kennedy , Lee Harvey Oswald , and Jack Ruby all die ?
4 What are some good medical sites for information ?
0 what are bear and bull marketplace ?
3 Who awarded The Flying Fickle Finger of Fate ?
5 About how many Americans are still unaccounted for from the Vietnam war ?
1 what is another term for the painful gliding joint syndrome ?
5 when did the artwork of quilting begin ?
5 How many times has `` Louie , Louie '' been recorded ?
5 How long did it take Stanley to find Livingstone ?
4 what mountainous region of the world is the lhasa apso pawl native to ?
3 What U.S. Congressman said : `` Keep the faith , baby '' .
0 what is the point of the expression `` tout de suite '' ?
1 what commodity 's ads claim that it `` eliminates odors , kills household germs , mold , and mildew '' ?
4 what 's the name of the place of worship that is located near the capital city of laos ?
1 what incident of 1933 did the german nazis use to justify emergency act , imprisoning opponents and vesting more power in themselves ?
5 on what date did rosa parks become a symbol of the civil rights movement for refusing to give up her space on the bus ?
5 what is the most amount of goals scored by a single team in an nhl hockey game ?
1 what 's the term for any four-sided human body ?
5 what is the averproperty property a horse lives ?
5 how many spaces follow a menstruation at the end of a sentence ?
3 what is the name of the brilliant british economist behind its initiation ?
3 what hungarian cardinal number was first a state prisoner and then a refugee in the u.s. embassy 1956-1971 ?
1 what product on the marketplace is good for hiding facial scars ?
0 how does the speed the device spins in a generator affect the output of the generator ?
0 what does television camera-ready art mean ?
5 what time of year is gas travel the heaviest ?
1 what british tv ordering inspired all in the family ?
5 how many ace are there on the soviet union 's flag ?
5 what are the dimensions of an ice field hockey goal ?
1 what two animal are specifically mentioned as being in noah 's ark ?
0 What is the S&P 500 used for ?
3 what english insect had six fingers on one hand ?
5 how many characters makes up a language unit for typing test purposes ?
3 what british female pop singing star of the 1960s and early 1970s was a juvenile actress in the 1940s and '50s ?
0 how is hypochromic anemia defined ?
5 how much did varian associates try to sell its vacuum products part to the boc group for ?
0 how do you get dates with the `` hooters '' girlfriend ?
4 what path do the best surfing beaches face ?
0 What causes asthma ?
5 when did the chernobyl nuclear mishap occur ?
0 how does a glacier word ?
3 Who wrote ` Hamlet ' ?
0 What is the historical relationship of Catholic Church and bingo ?
5 what is the starting regular payment for beginning lawyers ?
4 What are tourist attractions in Reims ?
3 who were leaders of the byzantine conglomerate ?
3 what tv conversation-show host lends his name to a line of men 's clothing ?
1 what conflict ended with a marriage in kentucky on march 21 , 1891 ?
5 what 's the evaluation of a forfeited baseball game ?
0 why do horseshoes bring fortune ?
5 how much did the first barbie plaything sell for in 1959 ?
5 what is the telephone amount for the university of kentucky ?
3 what comedian calls her sister-in-law captain bligh and her mother-in-law moby dick ?
0 what is eagle 's complex styloid process ?
0 what is the origin of the term soda misfit ?
3 Who is the prime minister of Australia ?
0 what is the goal of a car bra ?
1 what were the attempt called which followed world war ii ?
3 what mercantile establishment claims to be the world 's largest department mercantile establishment ?
3 who was the first womanhood golfer to earn a million ?
1 what are the first and last letters of the greek character set ?
3 who sent the brief message `` i came , i saw , i conquered '' ?
1 What are the languages spoken by the natives in Afghanistan ?
5 how much money was the minimum regular payment in 1991 ?
0 What is the difference between the Koran and The Bible ?
1 what famed gangland slaughter cut into the membership of bugs moran 's kit ?
4 What U.S. state 's biggest lake is Lake Sam Rayburn ?
3 what musician 's theme song was when the moon comes over the mountain ?
3 who played lucas mccain on the rifleman ?
3 What woman was Time 's Man of the Year for 1952 ?
3 who shared a new york city apartment with roger maris the class he hit 61 home runs ?
3 who are the nomadic hunting and gathering social group of the kalahari desert in africa ?
5 how much strategic arms limitation talks is in the oceans ?
4 what is the largest municipality in the world ?
1 What is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as : involuntary movements , tics , swearing , and incoherent vocalizations , grunts , shouts , etc. ?
5 When did the Chernobyl nuclear accident occur ?
0 what does `` extended definition '' mean and how would one write a material on it ?
3 Who was Camp David named for ?
0 What is artificial intelligence ?
4 what municipality was martin luther king jr. assassinated in ?
3 who was the second person ever to wear iron man 's armor ?
5 what are bottle caps with presidents ' pictures inside indefinite quantity ?
4 what political unit borders the most others ?
4 Where did the sport of caber-tossing originate ?
5 what are the chance of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?
1 what is bella abzug 's sartorial characteristic ?
1 What are John C. Calhoun and Henry Clay known as ?
3 who is olive oyl 's buddy ?
3 what famous enlisted person was born in europe , died in asia , and was laid to rest in africa ?
1 what category of creatures are black , yellow , and brown bullheads ?
4 where do people mountain ascent in nepal ?
1 what book is subtitled the preservation of favoured races in the struggle for life ?
0 How do you look up criminal records on the Internet ?
1 what family products are there for adult acne ?
1 what organic substance do bog-dwellers use a `` slane '' to cut ?
5 what was the act of assassinations and attempts to assassinate in the u.s. since 1865 ?
4 Where is the largest dam in the world ?
0 why do you say `` god bless you '' when multitude sneeze ?
4 what was the topographic point of edgar allen poe ?
5 what time of time period has the most air travel ?
4 what country did the nazis occupy for 1 , cd nns in nnp nnp nnp .
5 what percentage of the natural object is muscle ?
3 what former african leader held his nation 's boxing title for nine years ?
3 what director portrayed the commandant of the pow military quarters in 1953 's stalag 17 ?
3 What English explorer discovered and named Virginia ?
3 who is zebulon pike ?
0 why do people shake guardianship to show friendliness ?
1 What is the second hardest substance ?
0 what 's a `` group action de poing '' to a french boxer ?
4 what municipality houses the u.s. headquarters of procter and gamble ?
5 what is the average day when most malls begin putting up christmas holiday decorations ?
5 what is the life span of the average imp ?
3 who played humpty dumpty in the 1933 film alice in wonderland ?
4 What mountain range extends from the Gulf of St. Lawrence to Alabama ?
1 name the tube used by the atari force in the dc comics .
0 How do you calculate the change in enthalpy of a chemical reaction ?
3 who invented underpants ?
0 what do i have to do to get good grades in educational institution ?
5 how many containerful make up a tablespoon ?
3 who played the part of the godfather in the movie , ` the godfather ' ?
1 what two body environment grow all your life ?
4 what 's the fifth-largest political unit in the world ?
0 what is the message of `` subaru ? ''
3 who is the president of pergament ?
4 what california structure was don brown the first to cross , on may 27 , 1937 ?
3 what british female pop tattle star of the 1960s and early 1970s was a child actress in the 1940s and '50s ?
4 what are the five most expensive city in the world ?
0 why are the sense organ your center of balance ?
3 who is the drawing card of india ?
4 what curve can you see from the place de la concorde ?
4 what municipality is found in the municipality of oz ?
0 Why is Indiglo called Indiglo ?
5 How much could you rent a Volkswagen bug for in 1966 ?
0 How do I stop background noise in a car stereo ?
4 where can one find information on religion and health , the brain and nutriment ?
4 What country borders the most others ?
3 what national league baseball team employed 72 third baseemen in its first 2 time period ?
0 what will a compass do in outer quad ?
0 what did john f. kennedy consider his greatest blunder in position ?
5 how many children under 18 are victim of some sort of physical abuse each year ?
0 what are tract effect transistors ?
3 What political party is Sinn Fein a part of ?
0 what is the claim to honor of agra , india ?
3 who did arthur h. bremer try to assassinate on may 15 , 1972 ?
3 Who was Confucius ?
3 who killed martin luther king ?
3 what was the duty of the medieval guild ?
1 what does a adult want ?
0 what is `` the calculator for the rest of us '' ?
3 Who was the first governor of West Virginia ?
4 what attracts tourists to reims ?
5 How many visitors go to the Vatican each year ?
3 name the food company that traveled to soviet georgia to film a series of ad .
1 which hair care commodity told us `` hate that gray , wash it away '' ?
5 When was cigarette advertising banned on television and radio ?
1 what european subspecies sees the winner of its mountain stage awarded a jersey with large red polka dots ?
0 how can i search for a language unit within my own webpage ?
1 what famed tennis tournament 's men 's singles heading was fred perry the last englishman to win ?
4 Where is Natchitoches , Louisiana ?
1 what was the baby ship of the olympic ?
4 Where are good science sites on the Internet ?
4 what bordering country is due union of costa rica ?
4 where can an individual get a contact lens tested that burned the entire open of eye when new ?
1 what visual property of dry wine should be served with veal roasts and chops ?
1 what kind of tree graces lebanon 's iris ?
0 why are the top in canada green ?
1 what brand of trouser did calvin klein admit in a 1984 interview he felt more comfortable wearing ?
5 how long was the tv mission of star trek 's enterprise to be ?
3 who wrote the collector ?
3 what are arnold palmer 's fan called ?
3 who replies `` i know '' to princess leia 's confession `` i love you '' in the empire strikes back ?
4 what 's the largest land in the west indies ?
1 what is the longest english discussion that can be formed using just the first row of letters on a typewriter ?
5 what time of year do most group fly ?
3 who were the only two bald u.s. presidents ?
1 what is a even-toed ungulate hair brush actually made out of ?
3 who was shot in the rear during a poker game in deadwood , the dakota territory ?
1 what do i call the son and daughters of my first cousins ?
1 What did a 16th-century Aztec athlete get for putting a rubber ball through a ring ?
3 who is the composer of `` canon in d major '' ?
5 what is the life duration of the average monkey ?
4 what political unit did king gustav v reign over from 197 to 195 ?
5 How fast is a 45Mhz processor ?
5 When did CNN begin broadcasting ?
1 what belief has the most members ?
4 what are the ten safest american cities for traveler ?
2 what does the e support for in the equation e=mc2 ?
0 what is the history of buffalo poultry wings ?
0 what caused shea & gould to close their l.a. place of business ?
1 what was franklin roosevelt 's program for economic convalescence called during the great depression ?
3 who invented basketball ?
0 What does the Greek word polis mean , as in Minneapolis ?
1 what 's the slowest olympic swimming maneuver ?
1 what product dramatized the scopes monkey trial ?
1 what are two plants that clothing are made from ?
3 what actor and world war ii airman had a $5 , 0 bounty put on his read/write head by hermann goering ?
0 what according to the kinsey institute , is the sexual liking of four percent of american males ?
0 why do movie and tv stars get paid so much ?
0 why did egyptians shave their eyebrow ?
3 what british female pop singing ace of the 1960s and early 1970s was a child actress in the 1940s and '50s ?
5 how much did the first barbie doll sale for in 1959 ?
3 who did bobby fischer beat to win the natural object chess championship ?
1 what kind of creature is a rail ?
5 how many inches apart are adjacent jewelry in tenpin bowling ?
5 how many people have died of infectious disease ?
0 how can you stop the itch from poison vine ?
1 which airplane did fawaz younis crime ?
4 Where was Poe born ?
0 how is abigail arcane related to the villainous contestant of the swamp thing ?
3 who are the presidents of mexico and indonesia ?
4 Where is the Thomas Edison Museum ?
3 who wrote the red badge of courage ?
1 which bodily process is denied voting rights in kuwait ?
5 what is the death toll of group dying from tuberculosis ?
3 What former African leader held his country 's boxing title for nine years ?
0 How do you send a movie transcript to Hollywood so that it can be produced into a film ?
1 what was the monster in spielberg 's product `` jaws '' ?
1 what is an example of a natural compound-base indicator ?
3 what new orleans d.a. claimed : `` my staff and i solved the assassination time period ago '' ?
1 what is the word for a group of geese ?
4 what is the second highest mountain point in the world ?
1 what 's the best way to lose the flab under your kuki and around your face ?
3 When Mighty Mouse was conceived , what was his original name ?
3 who played the part of the godfather in the product , ` the godfather ' ?
5 How many colored squares are there on a Rubik 's Cube ?
1 what was the name of the 1899 policy forced on china by which all nations had equal trading right field ?
5 how many years of bad luck follow breaking a reflector ?
1 what soft helping held a national flavor poll in 1967 ?
3 Who portrayed Dracula in Hammer Studios ' films ?
3 what is the worldly concern 's largest distilling company ?
4 what colorado municipality owns its own glacier ?
4 what city or state do the most gay force live in ?
1 what is a fear of residence surroundings ?
5 how many israeli athlete were killed at the munich olympics ?
2 what is the form for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?
0 Why do some jets have a vapor trail , and others do not ?
3 who was the lead actress in the movie ` sleepless in seattle ' ?
4 what islands got their name from the spanish baja mar , meaning shallow binary compound ?
4 Where can I find all the information I need to know about the English Civil War , 1642-1649 , ?
3 who was actress june havoc 's legendary female sibling ?
0 what is the deviation between pop music and rock and roll ?
5 how much money does a back ill health lawsuit get ?
4 Where is Hearst Castle , built by publisher William Randolph Hearst ?
1 what color of monopoly property are landed on most often ?
5 how long is the border between canada and the 48 conterminous administrative district ?
3 who was the first person to study the ace ?
1 what took first loot in omni magazine 's contest to find the `` ultimate unanswerable question '' ?
3 who invented the activity bowling ?
5 how many linear unit is it from frankfurt , germany to salzburg , austria ?
5 How many characters are in the Chinese alphabet ?
3 who claimed to be the worldly concern 's most perfectly-developed man ?
1 madonna hocks which soft helping ?
3 name the designer of the shoe that spawned millions of plastic imitations , known as ` jelly ' .
3 who was buffalo bill ?
1 which is the largest clock , length wise , in europe ?
3 which vietnamese terrorist is now a un representative in doonesbury ?
3 Who are the top 10 richest people in the world ?
3 Whose funeral train traveled from Washington D.C. to Springfield , Illinois ?
4 Where is Burma ?
3 What fool is not so wise To lose an oath to win a paradise ?
3 who did jackie kennedy commission to write the death of a president ?
1 What was Mel Gibson 's first movie ?
1 what net plot sees its women 's world amateur champions receive the uber cup ?
1 what is the relation between new krypton and daxam ?
4 what were the first three city to have a population of more than a million ?
1 what soft beverage tells us to `` go hawaiian '' ?
0 what have you not let a tennis musket ball do if you volley ?
0 how is the chemical element strontium purified ?
3 what is goldfinger 's first language unit ?
3 who was the bandleader mentor of ella fitzgerald with whom she cowrote `` a_tisket , a-tasket '' ?
5 in what year was the artillery invented ?
3 what player squats an statistic of 3 times during a baseball doubleheader ?
3 who made the most quality in the center square on hollywood squares ?
1 what 's the literary term for a play on speech ?
1 what do you call a section of your digit from one joint to another ?
4 what u.s. state does the continental divide time off to enter canada ?
3 who followed up his first two underwater thrillers with the girl of the sea of cortez ?
3 Who killed Gandhi ?
4 what are the biggest indian airfield ?
0 how can i easily remove red wine blot from t-shirts ?
4 What are the largest breweries in the world ?
0 what are the short- and long-term effects of underage consumption ?
4 what area did w.c. fields keep his library in ?
0 What is Betsy Ross famous for ?
1 what intersection 's ads claim that it `` eliminates odors , kills household germs , mold , and mildew '' ?
0 what nuclear process takes place in an h-explosive device ?
4 what four u.s. administrative district have active volcanoes ?
1 What kind of suit did true hepcats wear in 1942 ?
5 how many varieties of crystal are there ?
1 name one of the seven wonders of the ancient world .
1 what oldtime kids ' fare did tv guide writer jeff greenfield telephone `` one of the most...subversive tv shows in american history '' ?
1 what do you call a group of anseriform bird ?
3 What National Basketball Association superstar told his story in Giant Steps ?
4 what u.s. administrative district includes the san juan islands ?
1 what musical device did sherlock holmes play ?
4 what is the highest natural elevation in the world ?
0 how do they find or choose witnesses to an corporal punishment ?
0 what is the beginning of u.s. army sergeant 's stripes ?
3 who was the parent of the man who would not be king , the duke of windsor ?
1 what meat complemented sweet potato and peas in the first tv dinner ?
1 What kind of science is cosmology ?
1 what sports psychological feature is meyer wolfsheim supposed to have fixed in the great gatsby ?
4 where can i find a follow-up of nightmare on elm street in a film journal ?
3 which institution that manufactures video-game hardware sells the `` super system '' ?
0 what is the origin of the proverb `` a stitch in case saves nine '' ?
1 what is the language unit of the largest water conservancy project in china ?
0 where did the department of energy for the big bang come from ?
4 what two cities usually mark the extremes of english channel water sport ?
0 how does a bill become jurisprudence ?
4 what south american city has the world 's highest commercial platform field ?
3 who wrote unsafe at any speed ?
1 Which is the most-used computer program ?
3 who is the voyager project manager ?
5 When was the first Wall Street Journal published ?
3 What occupation has the highest divorce rate ?
5 what is the average age a knight lives ?
1 what incident of 1933 did the german nazis use to justify emergency decrees , imprisoning opposition and vesting more power in themselves ?
5 how many `` no '' answers was the what 's my line ? jury allowed ?
0 What was a Mae West on a World War II battleship ?
1 whapyrimidine grand slam golf pyrimidineournamenpyrimidine wasn 'pyrimidine held bepyrimidineween 1940 and 1945 ?
3 who created the imaginary being james bond ?
1 what non-mechanical sport achieves the highest rate ?
1 name a movie that has won the golden bear in the berlin movie festival ?
0 how can i get someone 's electronic mail address ?
3 Who made the deodorant that claimed that it `` actually builds up resistance to odor '' ?
1 What animal has been called The Poor Man 's Cow ?
0 What is Win Rah ?
5 what is the most number of content scored by a single team in an nhl hockey game ?
3 what bottled-up tv character was born in baghdad ?
1 what powdered soft helping mix went into space ?
4 where can i find up-to-date coastal body of water surface temperature information , preferably along north america and the caribbean ?
1 what fiction inspired the movie bladerunner ?
3 name of the lady the great gatsby pines for ?
0 What is Toulmin logic ?
4 what botanical wonder did nebuchadnezzar build ?
4 what country is located at 13 academic degree north latitude and 10 academic degree east longitude ?
1 what 's the shape of a camel 's skeletal structure ?
3 Who 's won the most Oscars for costume design ?
3 what famous film and tv cowboy lent his name to a fast food range ?
1 what shakespeare play opens with the formation : `` now is the winter of our discontent.. . '' ?
0 what is interlata internet servicing ?
3 who would you use the heimlich maneuver on ?
0 what does camera-ready artwork mean ?
3 who built the first successful stern machine steamboat ?
0 how do you clean up a storage space ?
0 what is the medical state of hypertension ?
4 what is the nickname for the state of matter of mississippi ?
1 what literary classic area on the search for a treasure in gold worth 7 , 0 pounds ?
5 how many defamation are there for eskimo people ?
3 which classical spanish writer said `` all that brightness is not gold '' ?
1 what tennis term is said to come from the french word for ovum ?
5 how many chemical weather are there ?
1 what ice cream contain seaweed ?
3 who played maria in the film west side story ?
5 how long was the longest sneezing approach ?
2 What does the T.S. stand for in T.S. Eliot 's name ?
3 what actor was the first adult to appear on the cover of mccall 's ?
1 What are the Cleveland Indians also called ?
1 What software offers inventors use of CAD-like design ?
2 what does the `` degree '' stand for in the equation e=mdegree2 ?
5 What is the average hourly rate of American workers ?
1 What events happened January 26 , 1978 ?
3 what onetime member of ronald reagan 's furniture called federal policy toward indians `` an example of the failure of socialism '' ?
5 in which year was new zealand excluded from the anzus coalition ?
3 what future deer orion portrayed annie hall 's neurotic brother , duane ?
3 Who was the last woman executed in England ?
0 what did cool hand luke go to correctional institution for ?
1 what was the eighth day following the nones in each calendar month of the roman calendar called ?
5 what is the pig population of the natural object ?
0 what is the origin of the language unit `` pallbearer ? ''
1 in hemingway 's `` old man and the sea , '' what kind of pisces does the old man catch ?
5 what year did nylon stocking first go on sale ?
1 Which of the five senses develops first ?
3 Who was Bonnie Blue Butler 's father ?
3 who is the famous movie star who also acted as sewer administrator of provo canyon , utah ?
3 what california governor said : `` inact may be the highest form of act '' ?
0 what is the difference between pop auditory communication and rock and roll ?
3 who invented the moog synthesizer ?
4 what u.s. state ends with a g ?
1 What 's the most delicate-tasting member of the onion family ?
3 who portrayed vincent van gogh in lust for life ?
1 what molecules include chemical element , sodium and magnesium ?
5 how much does one ton of cementum cost ?
3 what was the real language unit of writer ross macdonald , creator of the hero lew archer ?
1 what plot is fatal to anybody over 21 ?
5 when did mount st. helen last have a significant bang ?
5 how many cubic vertebrate foot of space does a gallon of water occupy ?
5 When was Calypso music invented ?
1 what layer of the atmosphere contains most of the gas layer ?
5 what season begins with the vernal equinoctial point ?
0 what is a volcanic crater ?
0 What is thalassemia ?
1 what computer operating instrumentality is on the most computers ?
3 who is the only prime curate of canada to serve 22 years but not necessarily consecutively ?
0 what do pointed culture mean to a handwriting analyst ?
0 what property of the african elephant are larger than those of the indian elephant ?
3 what robust u.s. president imported his own instructor after seeing a judo lighter ?
4 what country contains the highest component in south america ?
5 how many years ago did the ship titanic sinkhole ?
3 who wrote the sci-fi trilogy foundation , foundation and empire , and second foundation ?
1 what visual property are a cherry tree 's flowers ?
3 what football bus 's story was told in the movie run to daylight ?
3 what robust u.s. president imported his own teacher after seeing a judo match ?
2 What does R.E.M. stand for , as in the rock group R.E.M. ?
1 what are the clue of a country going into a recession ?
4 what country was first to use the airplane as a weapon of military action , against the turks in libya ?
0 how do you get a girl to have bodily process with you ?
3 what is the name of joan jett 's isthmus ?
4 what is the most important nation in the worldly concern , historically ?
0 what are my legal right field in an automobile repossession in california ?
3 name the five positions who are in the line of succession to the tenure .
1 who was the first animal into quad ?
1 what did san francisco 's milt harper grow that measured 24 linear unit from tip to tip in 1974 ?
1 what clue is the best love match for a horoscope clue ?
3 who released the internet invertebrate in the late 1980s ?
3 what president-to-be was the first member of congress to enlist following the operation on pearl harbor ?
3 who asked the musical question : `` have you ever been to electric lady real property ? ''
1 which comic comic strip was never turned into a broadway musical ?
3 who is the famous baby of actress olivia de havilland ?
3 what japanese physics company was named for a coastal city northeast of tokyo ?
3 name 11 famous victim .
0 what happens to used motor lipid ?
5 how long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the consistency ?
3 what was the name of the 187s irish terrorist abstraction in pennsylvania mining areas ?
3 What cigar-chewing comedian observed : `` You 're only as old as the woman you feel '' ?
1 What did Vasco da Gama discover ?
1 What TV series saw many of its aquatic scenes shot at Silver Springs , Florida ?
1 What is glass made of ?
1 What then-derogatory term was applied to the painters Monet , Sisley , Pissarro , Renoir and Degas ?
0 what personality trait are capricorns said to have ?
5 how many times was ballplayer , warren spahn , a 20-game winner in his 21 major league seasons ?
3 who did doris day mean when she said : `` i call him ernie because he 's certainly no rock '' ?
0 What is the difference between a classical and an acoustic guitar ?
0 how can you tell when illustration are ripe ?
5 when was the g7 abstraction of nations formed ?
5 When was the first Barbie produced ?
3 who gave us the `` rolling writer '' ?
1 What generation am I in ?
1 which beatles disc cover award the rolling stones ?
1 what took first prize in omni cartridge holder 's contest to find the `` ultimate unanswerable question '' ?
4 What state in the U.S. has the most blacks ?
1 What was the name of the sitcom that Alyssa Milano starred in with Tony Danza ?
3 what is the name of the business that makes spumante ?
0 what do i need to learn to design object pages ?
0 how does lightning motion ?
0 How do hermit crabs reproduce ?
4 where can i find information about bob barr , example from georgia ?
1 what is the brand language unit of a chemical used to control ripening ?
4 where are the busiest amtrak rail station in the u.s. ?
5 When was `` the Great Depression '' ?
3 who is the prime clergyman of australia ?
3 Who was the lawyer for Randy Steven Craft ?
4 what city has a press called the plain dealer ?
1 what are all the different type of pizza ?
3 which of the following tv reporter was a rhodes scholar ?
1 which beatles disc cover symbol the rolling stones ?
5 how many musician did old king cole have ?
5 what is the size of the student consistency at the university of massachusetts in amherst ?
4 what country will hit the time period 2 first ?
1 what 's the biggest-selling u.s. press aimed at a black audience ?
3 who are the top ten richest people in the natural object ?
0 what is the quality between the anus and the rectum ?
0 what is the daily requirement of folic compound for an expectant mother ?
3 what task does the bouvier breed of pawl perform ?
1 what type of betting is used in equine racing ?
3 Who were the `` filthiest people alive ? ''
0 what consequence does lsd have on the brain ?
3 what performer married john f. kennedy 's sister ?
3 what company sells the most greeting card game ?
1 What is the most widely cultivated plant ?
1 what four tournaments make up court game ' grand slam ?
0 what is a first world political unit ?
0 Where did marijuana come from ?
0 what caused an adjournment of the 25th anniversary conference of the united nations general assembly ?
3 who wrote the farmer 's almanac ?
1 what are the ages in comic book slang ?
0 how do you find the region of a circle ?
0 What is a dental root canal ?
1 What war saw battles at Parrot 's Beak and Black Virgin ?
4 where is the largest decameter in the world ?
3 what former african leader held his country 's boxing heading for nine years ?
3 who is the prime curate in norway ?
4 What California bay 's largest island is Angel Island ?
5 how many gallon of paint does it take to paint the golden gate bridge ?
1 what award is the `` oscar '' of promotion ?
3 who played the title character in i was a teenage werewolf ?
0 how do you determine heating duty for your home ?
3 name the causal agent who burst through the screen in the lite beer commercials .
0 What caused the death of Bob Marley ?
0 What is molybdenum ?
1 What war did the Potsdam Conference follow ?
5 how many college are in wyoming ?
1 what hide-and-seek game is played around a tin buttocks ?
5 what fraction of a beaver 's being is spent swimming ?
5 how long do cardinal foodstuff incubate ?
5 how many group live in the falklands ?
1 the jewish rudiment is known as what ?
1 what 's a craps actor called ?
0 What is amezaiku ?
1 What is Shirley MacLaine known as ?
3 who is the greek god of the sea ?
4 where can i find scientific data , `` research papers , '' on textile application ?
4 what country is home plate to heineken beer ?
3 who replaced bert parks as the adult of the miss america pageant ?
2 what is the form for micro ?
5 what is the chromosome act of an elephant ?
1 what do i call the sons and female offspring of my first cousins ?
5 When was the NFL established ?
4 what country buys 25 percent of the world 's beverage exports ?
3 Name a ballet company Mikhail Baryshnikov has danced for ?
3 name the various super-unit to which the angel has belonged .
5 how many cherubs are there on a trivial pursuit circuit board ?
4 Which area produces the least acidic coffee ?
5 what is the highest number of home streak on record for any one game ?
4 What two Japanese cities are spelled with the letters K , O , O , T and Y ?
0 what does the donation summons entail ?
5 what is the average cost for four years of medical educational institution ?
5 how many independence bells have there been ?
5 How many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ?
5 How many people own pets ?
4 what is the second highest batch peak in the world ?
4 what is the das kapital of california ?
1 What bowl game began as an East-West contest between Michigan and Stanford in 192 ?
1 what therapy attempts to elicit the `` primal cry '' ?
0 what do the red-and-white stripes on a shop pole stand for ?
3 who was international olympic committee president at the 1936 summer games ?
1 what did englishman john hawkins begin selling to new world settler in 1562 ?
5 what percentage of americans own their residence ?
1 what 1981 candice bergen-jacqueline bisset product was a remake of 1943 's old acquaintance ?
3 who was chief engineer of the starship enterprise ?
5 What is the population in India ?
4 what london street claims to be the world area for men 's tailoring ?
3 what u.s. vice-corporate executive killed alexander hamilton in a duel ?
1 what indoor sport saw the phoenix inferno become the phoenix pride on july 14 , 1983 , when the temperature hit 111 academic degree ?
3 what former corporate executive 's daughter has written a book titled murder in the white house ?
4 what two political unit is andorra nestled between ?
1 what 's the only color johnny cash wears on stagecoach ?
4 what country borders denmark to the confederacy ?
3 who holds the nfl phonograph record for most touchdowns in a season ?
3 What university was Woodrow Wilson President of ?
5 how many equine died during the civil war ?
1 the corpus callosum is in what relation of the body ?
4 What is the best online games site ?
3 who killed kurt cobain ?
5 how many cubic feet of quad does a gallon of water occupy ?
1 in club from the top , the four stripes on a can of pepsi are what colors ?
4 What 's the closest G2 Spectrum Yellow Dwarf to Earth ?
3 who do herb and tootsie live next door to ?
3 which oil company almost picked a language unit that meant `` stalled car '' in japanese as its new international name ?
0 what problem contributed to the high failure rate of plains farmers in the 1800s ?
4 where is the oldest living thing on ground ?
5 what is the physical property of air ?
1 what is the name of the 1919 happening in which british troops killed over 3 unarmed indian protestors ?
4 Where 's the GUM department store ?
1 what court game maneuver did bert loomis invent ?
3 what was the name of the professional who represented randy craft ?
5 how many astronaut manned each project mercury flight ?
1 what product did louise fletcher win the best actress oscar for ?
0 What do you know about multicultural and multilingual schools ?
0 describe the finnish music personality salonen 's quality .
4 where did the natural object come from ?
0 what is the deviation between molecules and compounds ?
3 What president kissed the Queen Mother on the lips ?
0 What makes hamburgers taste like steakburgers ?
1 what is the word for emotion of pain or abuse ?
5 When was Hurricane Hugo ?
1 what paper game derived its name from biritch , or russian whist ?
3 what tv character said ; `` one of these days , alice , pow , right in the kisser '' ?
1 name the islamic equivalent to the red cross .
0 what is `` the only roll of tobacco made with no leftovers '' ?
0 what does n civil time-ce pas mean ?
4 what stream is pocahontas buried along ?
3 who portrayed `` rosanne rosanna-dana '' on the television show `` saturday night live '' ?
1 what was the orca 's language unit that died of a fungal infection at sea world ?
3 what was the name of the daughter of the virginia leader powhatan that married john rolfe ?
3 What actor 's autobiography is titled All My Yesterdays ?
5 how many home plate runs did lou gehrig have during his career ?
1 Name one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World .
0 how do you determine if a computer monitor has an svga arranger ?
5 what chapter of gone with the wind has rhett butler leaving scarlett o 'hara ?
0 what is the origin of the language unit `` sideburns '' ?
5 What is the federal minimum wage ?
4 what country was first to use the heavier-than-air craft as a weapon of war , against the turks in libya ?
0 how do i neckwear a neckwear ?
0 what are the rules to `` precipitation golf '' ?
1 what was the first domesticated vertebrate ?
3 what athlete makes the most medium of exchange from sports merchandise sales ?
4 where do you find data about the queensland national competition policy
5 how many double-word-evaluation spaces are there on a scrabble crossword game board ?
3 who was the author of the book about computer hack called `` the cuckoo 's egg : tracking a spy through the maze of computer espionage '' ?
5 the movie `` jaws '' was made in what year ?
3 what ship's company uses the unfamiliar faces of its celebrity spokespeople to promote the use of its product ?
1 what 's the form of dice ?
0 What made the Finger Lakes in western New York state ?
1 what was the language unit of the horse that fell on queen elizabeth , prince albert 's wife ?
3 who is westview high 's band director in funky winkerbean ?
4 what is gantioxidantorgantioxidant lucas 's antioxidant-mail addrantioxidantss ?
4 what political unit did the nile river originate in ?
3 what principle of the dutch renaissance painted aristotle contemplating the bust of homer ?
5 What year did the War of 1812 begin ?
3 who said `` what contemptible scoundrel stole the bob from my lunch ? ''
4 what is the residencelite inc. residence page ?
4 what two south american political unit do n't border brazil ?
1 what organ contains the island of langerhans ?
5 On what day were John F and Jackie Kennedy married ?
1 what leisure are celebrated in ireland ?
4 what state did anita bryant represent in the 1959 miss america social event ?
0 what was the consequence of the yalta conference ?
3 Who 's The King of Swing ?
5 what was the u.s. highway death price in 1969 ?
1 what 2 statues did france give to other country ?
0 What is a handheld PC ?
1 What was the name of Baretta 's cockatoo ?
0 what is being done about the millennium insect ?
4 What 's the northernmost U.S. state apart from Alaska ?
4 where are the busiest geographic point in the world ?
1 What movie has made the most money ?
3 what was the player 's name who played nozzle tackle for the eagles in super bowl xv ?
5 what is the wage of a u.s. representative ?
1 What is the longest chemical name , consisting of 35 letters ?
1 which thrilled taste buds first - snickers or 3 musketeers ?
0 what is the point of thank you notes ?
3 name the godhead of `` the muppets '' .
5 how often are neural structure cells replaced ?
4 What country did the Allies invade in World War II 's Operation Avalanche ?
3 what performer of tv 's golden age went by the motto `` anything for a laugh '' ?
3 who is pia zadora 's millionaire spouse and mentor ?
0 What is the history of the soft drink Mr. Pibb ?
3 who is the youngest of the beatles ?
5 how many country watch mtv europe ?
3 who was the 15th century fire-and-brimstone monk who gained control of florence but ended burnt at the stake ?
4 what administrative district did helen keller call home ?
1 What do the French call La Manche ?
5 how long does it take for your consistency to restore blood after you donate your blood ?
0 What is form drag ?
1 How do you say `` eat the day '' in Latin ?
5 what is the number of american enlisted person deployed to south korea ?
5 in what class was the first patent for the pull-tab opener on cans obtained ?
0 What are pomegranates ?
0 what is the origin of the language unit katie ?
5 what section of the bible has the most verses ?
5 what is the youngest long time a boy or girl can have an orgasm ?
3 Who sued the Dannon yougurt company for using a character named Ron Raider for promotion ?
3 who invented the structure ?
1 whadeoxythymidine monophosphate grand slam golf deoxythymidine monophosphateournamendeoxythymidine monophosphate wasn 'deoxythymidine monophosphate held bedeoxythymidine monophosphateween 1940 and 1945 ?
1 what is the english written record for the word `` caliente '' ?
1 what are the three secondary flag ?
5 what is the recommended weight of a 15 year-old animal that is 5 , 6 ?
3 Who was Picasso ?
5 what seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance message ?
3 who runs andy capp 's favorite pub ?
0 why does it say on children 's cough syrup not to drive while using this medicine ?
3 who was the 15th time period fire-and-brimstone monk who gained control of florence but ended burnt at the stake ?
1 what is a fear of pisces ?
1 what football bowl activity 's first queen was hallie woods ?
1 What two vessels fought the first sea battle between iron-covered ships ?
3 who wrote `` much ado about nothing '' ?
1 what hymn did john steinbeck get his title the grapes of wrath from ?
5 how many innings constitute an official baseball activity ?
5 how many of every 10 member of the rodeo cowboys association have never worked a ranch ?
4 where can i find a website that gives comparisons of good value ?
5 what 's the maximum length , in column inch , of a first baseman 's glove ?
5 how far away is the satellite ?
5 what season begins with the vernal cosmic time ?
0 what 's the environment of john le carre 's a small town in germany ?
0 how can i find out which cities have cable-modem entree ?
3 what actor , who had greatest fame on tv , became the father of triplets ?
4 what natural object of water does the danube river flow into ?
3 what little boy and dog live in a horseshoe ?
3 what broadcasting network flogged its sports programming on inga nielsen 's body in 197 ?
5 how many people die from infectious disease each year ?
0 what must a las vegas blackjack principal do when he reaches 16 ?
5 how many feet high is the hurdle in front of a runner 's footrace water jump ?
0 Why is the mile 528 feet ?
3 what british monarch 's thigh did p.t. barnum 's tom thumb sit in ?
3 who is the director of the international group called the human genome organization , hugo , that is trying to coordinate gene-mapping research worldwide ?
4 where can i find a causal agent 's address from a telephone number ?
3 who wrote the song , `` stardust '' ?
5 How much folic acid should a pregnant woman get each day ?
5 How many Russians have landed on the moon ?
3 who was camp david named for ?
5 What is the highest number of home runs on record for any one game ?
1 what impenetrable instrumentality of french fortifications was built along the german frontier before world war ii ?
1 what do sailors use to measure fourth dimension ?
5 How many soldiers were involved in the last Panama invasion by the United States of America ?
4 what north american municipality would you visit to see cleopatra 's needle ?
5 what property is benny carter ?
0 why didn 't european colonial rule spread until after the first and second industrial change ?
3 who is the superstar in rent-a-cars ?
1 what ill-fated trade was captained by ernst lehmann ?
5 How much in miles is a ten K run ?
3 who is rocky 's and bullwinkle 's ever-lost friend ?
3 which of the following natural object 'n roll stars has a `` star '' on hollywood boulevard ?
5 how many administrative district have a `` lemon law '' for new automobiles ?
3 who does the voices of the simpsons ?
3 whose funeral public transport traveled from washington d.c. to springfield , illinois ?
1 what is the chemical constitution of a barbie ?
3 Who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
5 how many times a time unit should you take a prescription marked `` q.i.d . '' ?
3 name the person who burst through the screen in the lite beer ad .
0 what is the deviation between microprocessors & microcontrollers ?
0 how can i find online orthography ?
4 where can i get information concerning child custody record for the state of utah ?
5 What was the date of CNN 's first broadcast ?
1 what field sport did medical practitioner william beers promote and write a standard book of rules for ?
0 What is the `` Global Economy '' ?
4 what state is the filenes storehouse located in ?
4 where can i look at a perpetual arrangement ?
0 what is eagle 's syndrome styloid activity ?
3 Who shot and killed himself while painting Wheatfield with Crows ?
3 what is the name of the managing film director of apricot computer ?
3 who portrayed `` rosanne rosanna-dana '' on the television appearance `` saturday night live '' ?
0 What is `` the only cigarette made with no leftovers '' ?
0 what do players try to do when the music stops in a game of musical seat ?
5 how many groove are on a dime ?
3 what kind of ship's company is 7-eleven ?
3 what president dispatched a car to carry charles lindbergh home after his epic flight ?
1 what fiction did ian fleming introduce james bond in ?
4 where was `` i have fallen , and i can 'pyrimidine gepyrimidine up '' said firspyrimidine ?
3 Name Alvin 's brothers
4 What city hosted the first Winter Olympics in Asia ?
1 what brew 's name is translated as `` lion brew '' ?
1 what is the full classification of a woman bug ?
3 Who is William Wordsworth ?
3 who were the external body part writers for the smothers brothers comedy hour ?
1 What drink is formed of tequila , orange juice and galliano ?
1 which mammal being , breeds , eats , and sleeps underground ?
1 what kind of science is metaphysics ?
5 how many bails are there in a orthopterous insect wicket ?
4 Where can I find information on the Narragansett Indians and other tribes in Rhode Island ?
4 name a civil military action battlefield .
1 what was the stand-in to vhs ?
3 who retired with 755 home runs to his credit rating ?
5 how many spears are there on kenya 's emblem ?
0 How do I install a tile floor ?
3 who was the first woman to run the mile in less than 4 36893 minutes ?
3 who was the famous door-to-door brush salesperson ?
5 when does the bible say the season started ?
0 what were the first password spoken on a film sound track ?
5 when did the homo man live ?
0 Why are organ transplants more successful today ?
0 how did peabody and sherman travel through case ?
3 who was the famous doorway-to-doorway brush salesman ?
0 what is the point of `` jiggy '' as in getting jiggy with it ?
0 what makes strategic arms limitation talks ?
1 What ability has the silkworm moth lost through domestication ?
3 What character in The Beverly Hillbillies has the given names Daisy Moses ?
3 what enterprise or agencies would do an employment verification ?
0 Why do they call it a `` funny bone '' ?
0 why do they call a cut of porkburger a cut of porkburger when there is no cut of pork ?
3 what u.s. frailty-president killed alexander hamilton in a duel ?
3 world health organization was the lawyer world health organization represented randy steven craft ?
1 what were the five space words on ben casey ?
3 What golfer has been called Ohio Fats and Blobbo ?
3 who used to make cars with rotary engines ?
4 what political unit have the largest areas of forest ?
3 what company is being bought by yahoo and how much is the bargain worth ?
3 which bourbon sovereign was restored to the french throne during napoleon 's abdication ?
2 what is the acronym for the appraisal system for air conditioner efficiency ?
3 who did sonny liston succeed as natural object heavyweight boxing champion ?
3 who played humpty dumpty in the 1933 product alice in wonderland ?
0 what is the point of boxing day ?
3 what lawyer won the largest divorce body , $85 million , in u.s. history for sheika dena al-farri ?
3 what former president 's daughter has written a publication titled murder in the white house ?
1 what is the condition that describes a word where only one usage has been recorded in all literature ?
4 which one of the great lakes is entirely within u.s. district ?
4 what building appropriately enough is depicted on the rear of the 1-dollar bill ?
4 where is hearst castle , built by firm william randolph hearst ?
1 what did the forward-thinking simon brothers bakery of chicago insert into bagels to boost enterprise ?
0 What characteristics contribute to its `` intelligence '' ?
4 What city in the U.S. experienced the most growth recently ?
4 what are the names of the traveler attractions in reims ?
0 how can i find out how much income levy is paid on social security income on the 1998 income levy ?
3 Who wrote The Ugly Duckling ?
3 which former ku klux klan associate won an elected office in the u.s. ?
5 What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
3 What was the real name of writer Ross Macdonald , creator of the hero Lew Archer ?
0 how do you calculate the change in physical property of a chemical reaction ?
3 what nfl team did vince lombardi end his coaching occupation with ?
3 what famous exemplar was married to billy joel ?
0 what is a metric linear unit ?
0 how can i find out how much financial gain tax is paid on social security financial gain on the 1998 financial gain tax ?
1 on which flight did fawaz younis commit air highjacking and hostage taking ?
0 what is a dental root duct ?
1 what kind of instrument were used in medieval warfare ?
4 what african political unit was founded by freed american slaves in 1847 ?
5 what was the target rate for m3 organic process in 1992 ?
3 What was the nickname of German flying ace Manfred von Richthofen ?
1 what military action did the wanna-go-home riots occur after ?
1 name four comic strips about pilots .
4 What is the name of the city that Maurizio Pellegrin lives in ?
0 How do they find or choose witnesses to an execution ?
0 why does plant fiber get caught in belly buttons ?
3 what is the name of the creator of silly putty ?
0 what prompted the monoxide-pilot of the enola gay to enter only `` my god '' in his log ?
1 what disease did august von wassermann develop a specific examination for in 196 ?
0 why was henry ford 's first automobile calleda model t & his second character of automobile , introduced in 1928 , called a model a ?
4 what u.s. state has the lowest highest elevation at 6 animal foot ?
5 what date did man first farming on the moon ?
4 what is the name of the tallest mountain in the worldly concern ?
1 What concerts are held in New York this week ?
3 Who was the author of the famous fairy tale `` Snow White and Seven Dwarfs '' ?
5 how many school region are there in the united states ?
5 how many linear unit are in 1 mile ?
5 what is the approximate weight of a containerful of matter in a black hole ?
0 What are the seven virtues ?
5 When was the bar-code invented ?
4 where can i get cotton artifact importer details ?
4 where are 8 of the 10 highest mountain in the world ?
4 What city is . KDGE Radio located in ?
3 what 's the most common language unit in nursery rhymes ?
2 What is HTML ?
4 where was richard nixon when gerald ford became corporate executive ?
1 What do peacocks mate with ?
3 what comedienne calls her sister-in-jurisprudence captain bligh and her mother-in-jurisprudence moby dick ?
0 How do companies cut paper so thin ?
0 Why are there 12 people on a jury in criminal cases ?
5 how many work force died building the mackinaw bridge ?
3 what was fred astaire 's diversion partner 's name ?
0 define metaphysics .
0 what is an auto-statement ?
4 what was the former residency of scottish kings in edinburgh ?
0 what does the term honor hole mean ?
1 what is the recipe or recipe for coca-cola ?
0 How would I find the price of different organs that have been donated ?
0 what is artificial ability ?
1 what term means a sexual force between a male and a female ?
4 what body of water is sheboygan on ?
3 what does nicholas cage do for a animation ?
3 what `` marvelous '' major-league baseball actor is now a spokesman for a beer company ?
4 what is the largest office block in the worldly concern ?
3 what hard-of hearing artist painted sunflowers ?
3 who stopped making diary written record on may 31 , 1669 , because he thought he was going blind ?
4 where can i find up-to-date coastal ocean surface temperature message , preferably along north america and the caribbean ?
4 where is there information on the fiction `` el cid '' ?
1 What is the recipe for Eggs Benedict ?
3 who is the current un secretary general ?
3 what party was winston churchill a associate of ?
3 what comedienne upstaged dwight d. eisenhower 's first inauguration by giving birth to her first juvenile ?
3 who won oscars for her roles in gone with the wind and a streetcar named desire ?
0 what is the origin of the discussion trigonometry ?
1 what 's an easy way to count the approximate number of pisces in a lake ?
3 who was in death of a salesman original product , not 1985 ?
1 which feline pursued tweety pie in his first cartoon appearance ?
0 What makes thunder ?
3 what is the name of the indian who became prime minister by beating mrs. gandhi in the 1977 vote ?
4 What Colorado city owns its own glacier ?
0 what is the difference between a circuit board of directors and an advisory circuit board ?
0 what is a virtual ip code ?
4 What 's the only East european country not tied to the ruble ?
0 Why was the zipper invented ?
1 what relation of their attire were `` pothooks '' to cowboys of the old west ?
3 what major victorian writer spent as much time working for the post office as he did writing ?
0 how come a doughnut has a trap in it ?
5 how many times in his 16-year national basketball associaton career was john havlicek a member of the all-ace team ?
1 what is the term for a group of anseriform bird ?
3 who wrote the red badge of courage ?
3 which german corporate executive was pressured into appointing hitler chancellor in 1933 ?
0 what makes black hills , south dakota a tourist force ?
1 which is the most-used machine program ?
1 what world war i struggle saw 6 , 0 troops killed in one day ?
3 who wrote the poem that starts `` i love your lips when they 're wet with alcohol and red with a warm desire '' ?
5 What day was Pearl Harbor attacked in 1942 ?
1 what is the fastest-growing comic strip of all fourth dimension ?
3 who did richard nixon tender his despair to ?
1 what ball game outcome required nine balls in 1879 , eight balls in 1880 and seven balls in 1881 ?
3 Who was Lauren Bacall 's first husband ?
4 in what u.s. state was the first adult governor elected ?
0 what is the origin of the condition soda jerk ?
4 what are the seven ocean ?
0 What is the origin of `` jiggy '' as in getting jiggy with it ?
3 what famous kernel company went out of business because it became known that the underworld had been selling them kangaroo kernel ?
0 What is dry ice ?
5 how high must a natural elevation be to be called a natural elevation ?
0 what is the point of the word ozymandias ?
0 what is a gas merchandise event ?
5 how many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the gas outside ?
5 what seven integer follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
1 what kind of taxonomic group is the monster in the film `` jaws '' ?
0 How did Edith Bunker die ?
1 what was the name of the ball game played by the Indian ?
0 What is pasta ?
3 What are the top ten most common girl names in the US ?
0 what 's the point of the word ` news ' ?
0 what 's nature 's purpose for cyclone ?
1 what sport features slotbacks , tailbacks , and touchback ?
2 What does snafu stand for ?
4 where is the official `` zero '' of the sea property ?
4 Where did the name Daniel originate ?
3 who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
5 when was the triangle shirtwaist happening ?
4 what man-made body of water is 1.76 miles long ?
4 what was the birthplace of edgar allen poe ?
3 what name did william sydney porter use in writing the gift of the magi ?
3 who was shakespeare 's moorish general ?
1 What 's the Southern dish made of pigs ' small intestines ?
5 how many points make up a perfect fivepin bowling sexual conquest ?
4 What continent is Bolivia on ?
0 what is the origin of the language unit trigonometry ?
4 What is Britain 's possession on the Chinese mainland ?
1 what 1964 product introduced the song my kind of town ?
4 what u.s. administrative district has the most blondes ?
5 what year did germany sign its nonaggression treaty with the soviet union ?
5 what time period did germany sign its nonaggression pact with the soviet union ?
4 what land got their name from the spanish baja mar , meaning shallow water ?
4 where is the bridge over the stream kwai ?
0 In My Antonia , how is Mr. Shimerda out of place on the farm ?
5 on average , how many nautical mile are there to the moon ?
1 what change of state oil has `` corn goodness '' ?
0 what are the text to the star spangled banner ?
3 who played the founder on `` charles in charge '' ?
4 what is the fastest growing administrative district in the u.s.a. in 1998 ?
1 what powdered soft beverage mix went into space ?
0 how did the bikini bathing suite get its language unit ?
0 what does the word `` spaghetti western '' mean ?
0 How do I find if my relatives were on the Trail of Tears ?
3 what famed fool appeared on an early howdy doody show and insisted that clarabell be made up as a real fool ?
0 Why were red M&Ms discontinued then brought back ?
0 how did super president gain his powers on the animated serial ?
5 How big is a quart ?
4 what are the seven body of water ?
1 what is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the macromolecule sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?
3 who said : `` soldiers win the struggle and generals get the credit '' ?
3 what english writer penned : `` where the bee sucks , so shall i '' ?
0 What is the `` coppertop '' battery ?
5 what are vessel caps with presidents ' pictures inside worth ?
0 how can i trace my family ancestor ?
3 what are names of two old men world health organization appear in the serial tv muppets show ?
5 What are the shoe sizes of O 'Neal , Jordan , and Mutombo , the NBA players ?
1 what is a good book to read for group who hate to read ?
3 name of the powerful white trader in conrad 's `` heart of darkness '' ?
1 what was a california prayer script to an old west gambler ?
5 how long does a swine 's orgasm last ?
1 what nantucket shipwreck killed more explorer exploring it than the 52 people it sank with ?
3 which of the following important person was not born in philadelphia ?
5 What amount of money did the Philippine ex-dictator Marcos steal from the treasury ?
4 what is bill gross 's electronic communication address ?
3 What name does the world know Renaissance artist Kyriakos Theotokopoulos by ?
3 who was the columbia pictures head who forged performer cliff robertson 's name on a $1 , 000 check ?
1 what is a fear of substance ?
4 What city is served by Tempelhol Airport ?
2 What does BTU mean ?
0 how can i find a database of , fax and or email , addresses for human resource departments in massachusetts ?
5 what time of year is air locomotion the heaviest ?
1 what is a emotion of money ?
1 what 's the most common non-contagious disease in the natural object ?
3 who is the sovereign of the united kingdom ?
3 what hall of fame ballplayer started three world series games for the new york yankees in 1962 ?
1 what are the ages in comic publication lingo ?
1 What is a fear of pregnancy ?
3 what baseball actor was known as charley hustle ?
3 what comedienne upstaged dwight d. eisenhower 's first beginning by giving birth to her first child ?
1 What is the high pitched sound that you hear in your ear every now and then , but then it goes away , after a while ?
0 What is making love ?
0 what is the function of ram ?
4 where do people batch climb in nepal ?
1 what triple crown-winning knight took the 1973 belmont stakes by 31 lengths ?
3 Which two inventors invented Post-its ?
5 how much did lucy van pelt originally charge for psychiatric composer ?
5 what phone number can i call to have a woody plant planted ?
3 What journalist can be found in and around Walden Puddle ?
3 who was the columbia pictures head who forged actor cliff robertson 's name on a $1 , 000 draft ?
1 what are bird descendents of ?
1 what alloy do copper and tin human body ?
1 What is the lens behind the iris in the eye called ?
1 what film dramatized the scopes primate trial ?
4 What is the most important nation in the world , historically ?
3 what major victorian novelist spent as much time working for the post position as he did writing ?
3 what was the christian name of the championship character in our miss brooks ?
1 What TV show premiered on January 15 , 1981 ?
4 what lake in scotland is said to hold one or more giant ?
0 how do they raise the cranes when building high-advance buildings ?
5 What ratio of children of ages between two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?
3 who created the character of scrooge ?
1 what raceequine won an associated press poll as the greatest equine of the 20th century ?
0 what is schizophrenia ?
3 in the product groundshog day what is the name of the character played by andie macdowell ?
0 what do bee hive do in cranberry bogs ?
5 How many earthworms are in a single pasture ?
3 who shot lee harvey oswald ?
5 how many times larger than life magnitude is the statue of liberty ?
1 what 's the word for broken glass or sharp rocks embedded in concrete on top of a wall ?
0 how do i start a web based enterprise ?
4 what asian country has a bill of rights for cow ?
3 who did dita beard work for ?
3 who owns the right field on a tv program ?
0 What is troilism ?
5 how much money does each actor get at the beginning of the game in monopoly ?
0 what is the point of the word `` amen '' ?
1 what game 's committee shows the territories of irkutsk , yakutsk and kamchatka ?
3 who is the president of pergament ?
4 where on the internet can i get information about the fifth amendment on the american bill of rights ?
1 What does a chairbound basophobic fear ?
4 what populous state of matter covers 49 , 576 square miles ?
0 how do you make the visual property purple ?
5 what century 's the environment for tv 's the adventures of robin hood ?
3 who was president of the senate select committee that tried to get to the bottom of watergate ?
0 what nuclear process takes place in an h-bomb ?
1 What is a fear of weakness ?
3 What department store heir is responsible for raising a three-ton safe from the underwater wreckage of the Andrea Doria ?
1 what medium is stuart hamblen the first musical performance cowboy in ?
0 How can I gain access to a spy satelite ?
1 what organism dined on bread and oysters with a carpenter ?
3 who was the first american poet to win the nobel prize for writing , in 1948 ?
4 what is the das kapital of uruguay ?
5 how many injection can a stock m16 hold ?
3 What heavyweight boxer was known as The Wild Bull of the Pampas ?
1 what william makepeace thackeray novel was made into a movie by stanley kubrick ?
1 in which tennessee williams play is one of the characters killed and devoured by a mob of starving child ?
3 what national league baseball unit employed 72 third baseemen in its first 2 seasons ?
1 what 1895 h.g. wells novel was written under the heading the chronic argonauts ?
1 what animals acted as lapwarmers for american migrant in church ?
3 Who was Tiny Tim 's father ?
5 What is Dick Clark 's birthday ?
4 what nation has the highest per capita consumption of cheese ?
1 on which formation did fawaz younis commit air piracy and hostage taking ?
3 What was Mao 's second name ?
3 who invented the pull-tab start on cans ?
4 what georgia township did scarlett o 'hara condemn as being full of pushy people ?
4 What countries have the most auto thefts ?
5 what was the first extremum wage ?
1 what credit card features a warrior on its face ?
4 what state of matter does charles robb represent ?
5 how long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the natural object ?
3 what company 's logo is a `` w '' in a traffic circle ?
0 why are somedeoxythymidine monophosphateimes your hands cold , budeoxythymidine monophosphate deoxythymidine monophosphatehe resdeoxythymidine monophosphate of you isn 'deoxythymidine monophosphate ?
3 who played the title role in i was a teenage werewolf ?
5 what is the per-bulge income of colombia , south america , ?
1 What animal has killed the most people ?
1 what animal 's fag end is called a brush ?
3 who is the best known villain of the 165 gunpowder plot ?
3 who was the first woman to run the linear unit in less than 4 36893 minutes ?
1 what 's a `` drinker breathing device '' better known as ?
0 How do they get Teflon to stick to the pan ?
3 who was hitler 's minister of propaganda ?
0 why do some people have two different color center ?
5 What 's men 's par on a 455-yard golf hole ?
4 what island has a park called the battery at is southern end ?
1 What does a man suffering from diphallic terata have ?
0 what is an ecological recess ?
5 how many level does a bottle of yoo-hoo settle into ?
3 what chilean president was killed in a 1973 group action d 'etat ?
4 what is george lucas 's e-chain mail address ?
1 what drink contains as many type of rum as possible ?
4 Where is the bridge over the river Kwai ?
3 what is the name of the police officer who tried to keep command in top cat 's neighborhood ?
5 how many acres in a nautical mile ?
4 Where are the tropical rain forest distributions ?
3 What woman has carried the most multiple births , twins , triplets , etc. , ?
5 on what date did rosa parks become a symbol of the civil rights movement for refusing to give up her seat on the public transport ?
1 which produces the longer gamete - an elephant or a mouse ?
3 what actress holds the record for the most quality on the cover of life ?
1 what animals do you find in the stock marketplace ?
5 what is the average case it takes for a male to ejaculate ?
5 How many milliseconds in a second ?
0 what is the origin of the rock 'n' roll band led zeppelin 's name ?
4 what is california 's das kapital ?
3 name the person who burst through the screen in the lite brew commercials .
0 what 's the proud claim to fame of the young women world health organization formed kappa alpha theta ?
3 Who is Barbara Jordan ?
3 what is a social group ruled by elders ?
5 how many flag was the 1940s collectible called a donald duck rubber boat ?
3 What comedienne upstaged Dwight D. Eisenhower 's first inauguration by giving birth to her first child ?
3 who starred in the product the war of the worlds ?
3 what 's the name of the actress world health organization starred in the movie , `` silence of the lambs '' ?
3 who is the man behind the pig-the man who pulls the string section and speaks for miss piggy ?
0 how would i find the price of different meat that have been donated ?
1 what stringed weapon fires a thunderbolt ?
4 what nation did king gustav v reign over from 197 to 195 ?
0 how do you reference a computer ?
3 What is the name of the president of Garmat U.S.A ?
1 what do the french telephone la manche ?
1 what is the name of the kids ' show from canadian public tv with the singing herb ?
5 how many living quarters equal a pound ?
4 What is the capital of Seattle ?
1 what color is an arctic dodger in winter ?
4 what sprawling u.s. state boasts the most airport ?
3 who were the yankee 's frequent foe ?
1 what morris west novel deals with russian bishop world health organization becomes pope ?
4 What nationality is Gorbachev ?
3 what two corporate executive of the u.s. published books of poetry ?
3 what football coach 's floor was told in the movie run to daylight ?
0 why are peanut butter cookies topped with marking ?
1 What letter does Gorbachev 's middle name start with ?
1 What are the wolverine habits ?
1 What 's the most popular four-player game of all time ?
3 what company is the largest japanese vessel builder ?
3 Who wrote The Secret Life of Walter Mitty ?
4 what 's the sacred stream of india ?
1 what is widely used to detect birth blemish ?
5 what century 's the mount for tv 's the adventures of robin hood ?
1 What is November 's birthstone ?
5 how many double-discussion-score spaces are there on a scrabble crossdiscussion game board ?
0 what are you hauricleing when you put a seashell to your auricle ?
1 what is a emotion of children ?
4 What country boasts the southernmost point in continental Europe ?
0 what happened in dogtown in 1899 to make that class remembered ?
5 how many months does it take the satellite to revolve around the earth ?
3 who was sherlock holmes 's archenemy ?
5 in what year did joe dimaggio compile his 56-game hitting stripe ?
0 what are tonsil for ?
5 how long does a pig 's consummation last ?
5 What is the temperature for baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
1 what is the correct way to mount a roll of room paper ?
0 why do n't you guys have some kind of contest where you ask a question and whoever finds the answers wins a prize ?
1 What happened on January 15 , 1969 ?
1 what sport features cunt and clean jerks ?
1 what turns blue litmus material red ?
5 when was the last major discharge of mount st. helens ?
1 what kind of organism is a coot ?
4 Where can I find the best free evidence for debate about Russia ?
5 what fraction of a beaver 's animation is spent swimming ?
1 what is a ball that hits the foul terminal called ?
5 When was the Big Thompson flood ?
3 name of heroine in `` scruples '' ?
3 what tennis player has the appellation `` nasty '' ?
1 what was connecticut 's first united states constitution called ?
3 what cigarette company urged us , `` come to where the spirit is ? ''
0 how does an abacus activity ?
1 what color is the lipstick on boy george 's lipid lips at london 's madame tussaud 's ?
3 whapyrimidine famous coach said `` if you can 'pyrimidine beapyrimidine 'em in pyrimidinehe alley , you can 'pyrimidine beapyrimidine 'em on pyrimidinehe ice '' ?
0 what is in baby powder and baby lotion that makes it smell the property it does ?
4 what 's the name of the wilkes estate in gone with the wind ?
3 what actor was the first valet to appear on the cover of mccall 's ?
0 what is the nature of snow and how is the arrangement of snow different from that of ice ?
0 why did several san diego school stop serving apples to students ?
1 what after-dinner dainty was invented in 1916 at the george jung noodle factory in los angeles ?
0 what are nonaccomplishment in the earth 's crust ?
2 what does r.e.m. stand for , as in the rock 'n' roll group r.e.m. ?
4 what is a political unit that starts with the letter x ?
0 what happens to the female natural object with lack of sleep and food ?
5 how many set of legs does a lobster have ?
5 how many times was pitcher , warren spahn , a 20-game winner in his 21 major association seasons ?
1 what is a fear of womanhood ?
0 what function does homeostasis have on the state of an organism ?
3 who created harry lime ?
5 how much money can a causal agent be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
0 what is `` dew decimal point '' ?
5 how big is the population actually ?
3 who led the normans to victory in the battle of hastings ?
3 Who is the famous sister of actress Olivia De Havilland ?
3 what indian social group is f troop perpetually doing battle with ?
3 who was secretary of state during the nixon management ?
5 what was the death toll at the discharge of mount pinatubo ?
5 how many point make up the symbol for `` because '' ?
0 What is Candlemas Day ?
5 how many frames does a disk camera sprout ?
5 What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
3 what is the world 's largest distilling institution ?
5 what is columbia tristar 's phone act ?
3 what mute received an honorary degree from northwestern university ?
1 What is the most efficient way to start a barbeque ?
0 what is the origin of eternity ?
1 what product was jude law in ?
3 who was the first man to return to space ?
1 what was the name of hitler 's unsuccessful attempt to overthrow the bavarian polity in munich in 1923 ?
1 what is a synonym for sweetening ?
4 what municipality hosted the first winter olympics in asia ?
1 what color tennis musket ball are used at wimbledon ?
4 what volcano plumbing fixture ash on sicily ?
1 what was the name of the u.s. navy gunboat in the product the sand pebbles ?
1 what artifact of the atmosphere contains most of the ozone artifact ?
3 who was the only corporate executive to serve two nonconsecutive terms ?
3 Who invented the lawnmower ?
3 who invented the vacuum cleansing agent ?
0 what is a piece of cloth ?
3 What was William F. Cody 's better-known name ?
1 In what war was the first submarine used ?
3 who is the sexiest womanhood in the world ?
0 what is the point of the midwest slang , ` you 're darn tootin ' ?
4 what country 's flag is tract green ?
3 what did andy hardy 's father do for a animation ?
0 How do you get a girl to have sex with you ?
1 what musical legal document did sherlock holmes play ?
4 in what country is a stuck-out tongue a friendly acknowledgment ?
0 what 's the meaning of the latin battle cry : ad arma , ad arma .
3 who was the democratic campaigner in the american presidential election ?
3 who was the first woman to run the nautical mile in less than 4 36893 minutes ?
0 how effective are condom in protecting against aids ?
1 what two major worldly concern religions began in india ?
1 What is Smokey The Bear 's middle name ?
1 what nuclear-powered russian submersible sank in the norwegian sea on april 7 , 1989 ?
4 what are the 10 largest city in the us ?
1 what are some science fair projects for 8th grader ?
3 who 's the only president buried in washington
1 what war added jeep and quisling to the english communication ?
5 what percent of world 's fresh body of water is found in canada ?
4 what nation has the most time zones , with 11 ?
3 what actor starred in `` the lion in winter '' ?
3 what british female father singing star of the 1960s and early 1970s was a child actress in the 1940s and '50s ?
1 what 's the international radio receiver code word for the letter f ?
4 What planet did Percival Lovell discover ?
1 What word occurs 46 , 227 times in the Bible ?
0 what is the poetic metric linear unit of blank verse ?
5 how many penny-farthings are there on a trivial pursuit activity board ?
3 Who shot Billy the Kid ?
0 what is a portal vein ?
1 What was the name of the U.S. 's first manned space program ?
5 When were camcorders introduced in Malaysia ?
3 who is the man behind the swine-the man who pulls the strings and speaks for miss swinegy ?
1 which cause of death whale died at sea world of a fungal infection ?
1 what household facility contains a float ball , ballcock , and overflow pipe ?
0 what is antioxidant-commantioxidantrcantioxidant ?
5 how much does one avoirdupois unit of cement cost ?
4 What 's the most powerful country in the world ?
3 What jockey won 17 Triple Crown races ?
3 who made the musical plea be true to your school ?
1 what tv entertainment did john sebastian sing the theme for ?
3 name the wit genie conjured by the magic ring shared by nancy and chuck .
5 what percentage of the world 's plant and animal species can be found in the amazon vegetation ?
3 what architect originated the glass house designed the chicago federal center had a philosophy of `` less is more , '' and produced idea that were the forerunner of the california ranch house ?
1 what wheel did blaise pascal invent in a activity for perpetual motion ?
1 what movie did madilyn kahn celestial body in with gene wilder ?
1 what product is for kids , and not for silly leporid ?
3 which company that manufactures video-game hardware sells the `` super organization '' ?
4 in what country is a stuck-out articulator a friendly greeting ?
4 what country boasts the most cars per nautical mile of road ?
5 how many nautical mile is it from frankfurt , germany to salzburg , austria ?
1 Name four comic strips about pilots .
5 how much did varian associates try to sell its vacuum commodity division to the boc group for ?
3 what was the real name of writer ross macdonald , creator of the champion lew archer ?
5 When is Bastille Day ?
1 what michelangelo plastic art is in saint peter 's cathedral , basilica , ?
1 what can communications equipment offer yachts ?
4 what were the first three cities to have a people of more than a million ?
5 by how much will the california state gas tax rise by the time period 2000 ?
3 who is the youngest of the beatles ?
2 in a computer , what does scsi mean ?
4 What is George Lucas 's e-mail address ?
2 What is DTMF ?
5 how many room does the batmobile sport ?
1 what is one of the terminology of the sioux ?
0 What made Jane Goodall famous ?
1 what is the electronic device used to produce visual demonstration corresponding to electric signals ?
3 what businesses or agencies would do an employment proof ?
0 Why was Washington , DC originally called District of Columbia ?
3 what president also became a supreme assembly justice ?
1 What card game can feature dealer 's choice ?
1 what is the name of the dog on the cracker jack container ?
5 What season is the setting for Shakespeare 's Midsummer Night 's Dream ?
1 what is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve compartment causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?
5 how many people died because of a breathing problem in 1997 ?
3 what ball game star turned down a $1 , 000-a-year contract because he felt he had n't earned it ?
1 what boris pasternak book sold 5 , 0 transcript to become the fiction best-seller of 1958 ?
2 what is the correct way to abbreviate cc. at the bottom of a enterprise letter ?
4 what london street is the home of british print media ?
3 what new middle educational institution was built in philadelphia , pennsylvania last year ?
1 What film opens with an assassin tumbling from the Seattle Space Needle ?
5 how much folic acid should a pregnant adult get each day ?
1 what should the kitchen appliance be set at for baking peachy oat muffins ?
4 Where is the Abominable Snowman said to wander ?
3 what party was winston churchill a extremity of ?
3 name a south african diamond manufacturer ?
0 how do electronic equipment work ?
0 What is the origin and the meaning of the name , `` Hajo ? ''
4 what two caribbean countries share the land of hispaniola ?
4 what is the best online games tract ?
1 what musical legal document did prewitt play in james jones 's from here to eternity ?
0 what is fiber in substance ?
1 what is a fear of tree ?
5 When did Nostradamus believe World War III would begin ?
3 who was the first bus of the cleveland browns ?
0 what is the main application of metallic element hydrosulfite ?
3 whose video recording is titled shape up with arnold ?
0 How did former WWF wrestler Rick Rude die ?
5 how many trees go into newspaper making in a year ?
1 What is a fear of touching ?
3 who is the director of intergovernmental concern for the san diego county ?
5 what class was the atm first introduced ?
3 what french designer declared : `` the jean is the destructor ! it is a authoritarian ! it is destroying creativity. the jean must be stopped ! '' ?
4 What is Drew Barrymore 's email address ?
0 What is the origin of U.S. Army sergeant 's stripes ?
3 what tv comediennes 's characters include former movie star nora desmond , secretary mrs. wiggins and a housewife named eunice ?
3 what american sergeant lost both of his guardianship in combat during world war ii and then went on to act in a single movie for which he won two oscars ?
5 What is the average time it takes for a male to ejaculate ?
0 What is Sinn Fein ?
1 what 's another language unit for aspartame ?
4 what administrative district was named the green mountain administrative district ?
5 how much do agent to treat tuberculosis cost ?
3 what tv fictional character sired a horse named thunder ?
3 Whose kidnaping was termed The Crime of the Century ?
0 what is the difference between new york-property and chicago-property pizza ?
3 Who found Hawaii ?
4 where can i find a list of all the companies in america that offer a direct stock acquisition plan ?
3 what multitalented academy-award-winning director failed a body course in motion-picture production ?
5 how much time does the reflex of an eye take ?
1 which mosquito 's bite draws lineage , dt nn cc dt nn .
1 what sign is the best sexual love match for a horoscope sign ?
0 why do girls have to wear education bras ?
3 What is the best Internet business to go into ?
4 What country has the most coastline ?
1 what sign is the best love lighter for a horoscope sign ?
5 How many pins are used in skittles ?
0 how can i search for a word within my own text file ?
0 what is the origin of u.s. army sergeant 's band ?
1 What 's the U.S. Navy hymn ?
0 How do you write MLA style bibliographies for an Internet source ?
3 Who earns their money the hard way ?
0 why does a woman have to be a virgo to be a nun ?
4 What Tokyo street glitters with famed department stores and nightclubs ?
3 what 2th-hundred american poet wrote a four-volume biography of abraham lincoln ?
1 what european race sees the winner of its mountain stage awarded a jersey with large red polka disk ?
0 how do you write a script report ?
1 what famed tennis tournament 's men 's singles championship was fred perry the last englishman to win ?
1 what is a fear of odors , natural object , ?
0 What is the use of a 24-hour clock instead of a 12-hour clock ?
1 what is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as : involuntary movements , tics , swearing , and incoherent utterance , grunts , shouts , etc. ?
0 what do you say to a friend world health organization ignores you for other friends ?
3 what presidential imperativeness secretary dismissed watergate as a third-rate burglary attempt ?
1 what product has made the most money ?
3 which member of the micronauts spent 1 class traveling the microverse in the marvel comics ?
4 what is the web savoir-faire at which i can find the e-mail savoir-faire of a member of the us house of representatives ?
0 what causes the body to shiver in cold temperature ?
4 Where are the Union Stockyards ?
1 What war did Florence Nightingale tend the troops in ?
4 Which city has the oldest relationship as a sistercity with Los Angeles ?
0 What does Robert mean ?
1 What was the top box office movie in April 1998 ?
3 what ship's company is being bought by yahoo and how much is the deal worth ?
3 who is nicolo paganini ?
3 what cigarette institution urged us , `` come to where the flavor is ? ''
1 which breakfast cereal brought you `` the best each time period '' ?
4 what is the environment of the chickadee ?
4 what botanical happening did nebuchadnezzar build ?
3 what two historical illustration , who fought each other in a famous battle , each have a food named after them ?
1 what magazine paid ernest hemingway $15 a word to write a blood sport article ?
4 where can i find information on the atmosphere that hit new jersey on 8/28/1941 ?
2 what does the e stand for in the mathematical statement e=mc2 ?
1 when it 's time to relax , what one brew stands clear ?
3 what was the name of the first russian traveler to do a spacewalk ?
4 What was the nationality of Jackson Pollock ?
3 who was the first x-man to die in battle ?
1 what category of sports team is the buffalo sabres ?
4 What is the state nickname of Mississippi ?
1 What common plant has a button , cap , cup , gills , and ring ?
5 by how much will the california state flatulence tax rise by the year 2000 ?
0 what is artificial news ?
3 What 's the name of the actress who starred in the movie , `` Silence of the Lambs '' ?
3 what tv syndicate sometimes buys eclairs from nelson 's bakery ?
5 what month 's third time period is the monterey jazz festival held on ?
0 what problems contributed to the high bankruptcy rate of plains farmers in the 1800s ?
3 what was the name of the daughter of the virginia foreman powhatan that married john rolfe ?
3 Who was Hitler 's minister of propaganda ?
3 world health organization is the famous movie star world health organization also acted as sewer commissioner of provo canyon , utah ?
3 what piano company claims its product is the `` instrument of the deity '' ?
1 which side should a cricketer facing a 37803 split hit the 3-pin on-the left or the right ?
5 what geological fourth dimension do we live in ?
0 How do you ask questions ?
0 why was henry ford 's first automobile calleda model t & his second kind of automobile , introduced in 1928 , called a model a ?
0 what is a aura hole ?
3 who said : `` soldiers win the battles and generals get the credit '' ?
0 What is the Golden Rule ?
1 what was the name of the `` little rascals '' pawl ?
1 what is a concern of stings ?
4 What 's the name of the temple that is located near the capital city of Laos ?
4 What is the name of the tallest mountain in the world ?
4 what european country 's autocracy was restored in 1975 ?
1 what are pushed and coupled in bulge yards ?
1 what are pushed and coupled in hump linear unit ?
1 what is grenada 's main artifact export ?
1 what oldtime juvenile ' fare did tv guide writer jeff greenfield call `` one of the most...subversive tv shows in american history '' ?
3 what diamond producer controls about 80% of the worldly concern 's diamonds ?
5 how long did shea and gould practice collection in los angeles ?
5 how many collection of twins are there ?
3 What Polynesian people inhabit New Zealand ?
5 what is the worldly concern population as of today ?
1 What is the term for someone who hates mankind ?
0 what is the nature of precipitation and how is the formation of precipitation different from that of ice ?
4 where can i find a world atlas map online at no attack ?
1 which comic book was not spawned directly from the pulp press ?
4 what is the largest shopping mall in the worldly concern ?
4 What is the capital of Congo ?
4 what sea article naples and algiers ?
1 What fuel do airplanes use ?
1 what was the language unit of baretta 's cockatoo ?
0 what personal property do nitrates have on the environment ?
3 who is william wordsworth ?
1 what english word contains the most culture ?
5 how much dish do americans eat in a day ?
4 what position italian restaurant can be found at 239 west 48th street , new york city ?
3 what part did benjamin franklin play in the improvement of the newspaper in america ?
5 How many Americans fought for the British in the American Revolution ?
3 who came up with the name , el nino ?
4 what is the web address at which i can find the e-chain mail address of a member of the us house of representatives ?
1 what element , from the periodic table , is a gas or a solid , but never a fluid ?
1 what 's the highest possible speech act in contract bridge ?
3 Who declared : `` I am down on whores and I shan 't stop ripping them '' ?
1 What is damage to business and government caused by bureaucracy ?
3 Who created Maudie Frickett ?
5 How many people died when the Estonia sank in 1994 ?
3 Who is the mayor of Marbella ?
5 How many members of a family could be drafted in the U.S. military during World War II ?
1 what is a fear of bee ?
3 What famous communist leader died in Mexico City ?
5 how many tile did the space shuttle columbia lose on its second flight ?
3 who is the incredible hulk in reality ?
2 What does pH stand for ?
4 what are the only two states that incorporate the confederate struggle flag in their flags ?
1 which region should a bowler facing a 37803 split hit the 3-pin on-the left or the right ?
3 Name the U.S. Senate majority leader and the Speaker of the House .
1 what 's the literary term for a play on password ?
5 How many people were executed for Abraham Lincoln 's assassination ?
3 what institution markets a shampoo `` for brunettes only '' ?
3 who shot lee harvey oswald ?
4 Where can stocks be traded on-line ?
5 how many colored square are there on a rubik 's cube ?
3 what attorney-general ordered the motion of alcatraz ?
3 what russian musician 's prelude in c sharp minor brought him fame and fortune ?
1 what is the best selling machine model ever ?
0 what is the definition of cavity ?
5 what class did jack nicklaus join the professional golfers association tour ?
3 who was the lawyer who represented randy steven craft ?
3 Name of the powerful white trader in Conrad 's `` Heart of Darkness '' ?
5 how many people in the usa say their number one source of message is the newspaper ?
4 where is the world backing sled dog race held each february ?
1 what 1956 grace metalious novel was on the best-seller database for two years ?
0 what problems contributed to the high failure rate of plains farmer in the 1800s ?
5 How many people died on South Carolina highways in 1998 ?
1 what terror of the ocean did johnny horton sing about ?
0 how does a parachute activity ?
3 name the on stage fictional character whose face was never seen .
0 What is Jane Goodall famous for ?
0 how do medical practitioner diagnose bone cancer ?
1 What 's the largest U.S. agricultural crop by weight ?
3 Who wrote The Red Badge of Courage ?
3 Who gave Abbie Hoffman his first dose of LSD ?
0 How is ` qigong ' properly pronounced ?
3 which of the following celebrities started his show-game career as a disc jockey ?
1 what are the most common elegance birds in the u.s. ?
0 what is the deviation between jazz and blues ?
3 What is the real name of disc jockey `` Wolfman Jack '' ?
0 what do players try to do when the auditory communication stops in a game of auditory communicational chairs ?
1 What are the ingredients of Coca-Cola ?
0 what are the factors leading to the high teen pregnancy magnitude relation in spartanburg , south carolina ?
3 What President-to-be was the first member of Congress to enlist following the attack on Pearl Harbor ?
3 what store claims to be the natural object 's largest department store ?
1 what interesting method acting was used to run the credits in the early popeye cartoons ?
3 who created the comic part , `` garfield '' ?
0 What is a hormone ?
4 where can i find a moral plan for teaching the metric system conversion to american standard ?
0 how do wasp make their nests ?
1 what two vessels fought the first sea military action between iron-covered ships ?
2 What is the full form of .com ?
3 who was bonnie blue butler 's parent ?
5 how many slope does an obelisk have ?
1 what are some good effort for kids to do ?
0 why does the sun shine only a short fourth dimension in alaska ?
1 what shakespeare play opens with the line : `` now is the winter of our discontent.. . '' ?
3 what is the language unit of the president of garmat u.s.a ?
1 what musical device did prewitt play in james jones 's from here to eternity ?
3 what argentine radical fought with castro and died in bolivia in may , 1979 ?
1 Aspartame is also called what ?
1 What was the food of the Greek gods called ?
3 what actor was the first man to appear on the covering of mccall 's ?
0 what was the material in the first golf balls ?
4 what scandinavian das kapital is built on nine bridge-connected islands ?
1 What was the sequel to The Pink Panther ?
5 when was the first successful heart transplant for a hominid ?
0 how can you contact play producers and showman on-line ?
4 what is the largest office block in the natural object ?
1 What does a dipsomaniac crave ?
3 who is reputed to be the greatest maker of violins ?
5 When did Nixon die ?
0 how do you send a movie transcript to hollywood so that it can be produced into a movie ?
3 what businesses in alaska were affected by the exxon valdez oil liquid ?
1 What were hairy bank notes in the fur trade ?
4 what were the first natural object visited by spacecraft ?
4 where are the 49 step ?
1 what color poker chip is usually assigned the lowest numerical quantity ?
5 when was cigarette advertising banned on television receiver and radio ?
3 who shoplifts ?
1 what boris pasternak book sold 5 , 0 copies to become the fabrication best-seller of 1958 ?
3 who was the inventor of the kitchen appliance ?
3 what famous male musician has the same name as the composer of the opera hansel and gretel ?
3 what is the name of the inventor of silly cement ?
1 What is the folklore story regarding birds ' nests and birds in Christmas trees ?
3 what are the four railway in monopoly ?
0 what are bait worms ?
3 who was the first person inducted into the u.s. swimming hall of fame ?
1 what after-dinner treat was invented in 1916 at the george jung noodle plant in los angeles ?
5 what percentage of children between the property of two and eleven watch ` the simpsons ' ?
0 what baseball expression came from the nautical term for vessel sailing between the atlantic and pacific before the panama canal ?
0 what 's the administrative district motto of california ?
1 what was connecticut 's first law called ?
3 what is the name of the pop singer whose song became the message song for a brand of catsup ?
3 Who told all in Ball Four ?
5 what is the average date when most malls begin putting up christmas holiday artifact ?
5 How many hummingbird eggs could fit in one ostrich egg ?
1 what does a chef coddle foodstuff in ?
3 what broadcasting , tv and movie character did jackie gleason and william bendix play ?
4 what russian port has a name meaning `` lord of the east '' ?
4 in what city or state do the most gay force live in ?
4 where are the busiest amtrak barrier stations in the u.s. ?
0 what nuclear process takes seat in an h-bomb ?
3 What professional sports league originated the college draft ?
4 what is the longest stream in the united states ?
0 how do you correctly say the discussion ` qigong ' ?
4 where did the wright brothers make their first formation ?
1 what do goldfish lose if kept in dimly-lit or running binary compound ?
0 What is hydrogen ?
0 what is a block of soap ?
0 what is the purpose of the sysrq key on my machine keyboard ?
0 how do i find info about rice importer in the world ?
0 why was muhammad ali stripped of his heading and barred from boxing in 1967 ?
5 How long does the average domesticated ferret live ?
3 who invented the fountain ?
0 what is the explanation of a cascade ?
0 how do telephone work ?
3 what tv talk-appearance host lends his name to a line of men 's clothing ?
0 Why do horseshoes bring luck ?
3 what is the best artwork and design school in the world ?
1 what are the two terminology of malta ?
4 what was the first country to put a second adult in space ?
5 when was dubai 's first concrete firm built ?
4 what country is residence to heineken beer ?
4 What are the five most expensive cities in the world ?
3 which bloom county resident wreaks havoc with a machine ?
4 what is the largest region in size in massachusetts ?
3 what famous animal vocalist has the same name as the composer of the opera hansel and gretel ?
3 who claimed he killed 4 , 280 buffalo as food for the gang building the kansas pacific railway ?
3 who is stephen hawking ?
0 What is hydroelectricity ?
1 what concerts are held in new york this time period ?
3 when called upon to surrender , what american general officer replied , `` sir , i have not yet begun to fight . '' ?
3 what major league baseball unit compiled the best won-lost record between 1957 and 1983 ?
3 who said `` the only thing we have to fear is fear itself '' ?
3 what national basketball association expert told his story in giant steps ?
3 what bread company used to feature aculeus of the cisco kid on the ends of their packages ?
1 What Ernest Hemingway novel had the working title Fiesta ?
5 In what year did Ireland elect its first woman president ?
0 What is `` flintknapping '' ?
3 who wrote unsafe at any speed ?
1 what was the eighth day following the nones in each month of the roman arrangement called ?
3 Who was with Patricia Hearst the night she was kidnaped ?
3 What Russian composer 's Prelude in C Sharp Minor brought him fame and fortune ?
1 what kind of mutant is often associated with hooligans ?
3 Who sent the brief message `` I came , I saw , I conquered '' ?
0 What is mandibulofacial dysostosis ?
3 what french designer declared : `` the jean is the destructor ! it is a dictator ! it is destroying ability. the jean must be stopped ! '' ?
3 what was the name of the 187s irish radical group in pennsylvania mining areas ?
5 how many state of matter have a `` lemon law '' for new automobiles ?
3 What French leader sold Louisiana to the United States ?
5 how many chemical element are there ?
5 how many weapon are there on kenya 's flag ?
4 what asian country has a bill of right field for cows ?
4 What two countries in South America are landlocked ?
1 what 's the dumbest domesticated organism ?
5 what is the population of the largest chilean municipality
0 what does the condition glory hole mean ?
3 who is edmund kemper ?
4 what is mark mcgwire 's e-message address ?
4 What famed river was Hernando de Soto the first European to see ?
1 What is a fear of lice ?
1 what auto race was wilbur reed the first to win three time period ?
1 what hermann hesse book gave its name to a rock 'n' roll group ?
0 What is yohimbine ?
3 who is the fastest swimmer in the natural object ?
2 what is the form of the company name ` general motors ' ?
3 what corporate executive 's ghost is said to haunt the white house ?
1 what diversion devices were dubbed `` mississippi marbles '' and `` memphis dominoes '' ?
0 what is the 401 , k , design ?
4 what 's the world 's longest suspension structure ?
3 what actor and actor have made the most movies ?
0 what does foreigner mean ?
3 Who invented the vacuum cleaner ?
5 how long did shea and gould practice jurisprudence in los angeles ?
3 who was camp david named for ?
4 in what area of the natural object was the six day war fought ?
5 what time period did jack nicklaus join the professional golfers association tour ?
3 name the two blob member of the animated herculoids .
1 what is the best-selling script of all time ?
5 What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
5 when was the bar-written communication invented ?
4 what european country abandoned postage stamps in 1923 because printing them cost more than their boldness value ?
1 what 1950 film won seven oscars , including best representation ?
3 Who asked the musical question : `` Have you ever been to electric lady land ? ''
0 how do i find out the exact time of a sunset for a particular time unit ?
4 what southeast asian nation has the wang river joining the ping river at tak ?
3 who is the premier of china ?
3 Which organization is the Security Council a part of ?
3 Who headed Hitler 's infamous Gestapo ?
1 what are `` darning simple leaf '' and `` horse stingers '' better known as ?
4 What U.S. state is Mammoth Cave National Park in ?
1 what coloring material beans did the ancient romans refuse to eat ?
3 what toy company is the world 's no.1 creator of female apparel ?
0 what is federal income levy ?
3 who made the toiletry that claimed that it `` actually builds up resistance to odor '' ?
5 What year was the NAACP founded ?
1 What is the electronic device used to produce visual displays corresponding to electric signals ?
5 cnn began broadcasting in what class ?
1 what script is subtitled the preservation of favoured races in the struggle for life ?
3 what architect originated the glass house designed the chicago federal center had a philosophy of `` less is more , '' and produced design that were the forerunner of the california ranch house ?
4 what nation does ileana cotrubas come from ?
4 what political unit do the galapagos islands belong to ?
4 what country 's royal firm is bourbon-parma ?
0 what is the nature of coke and how is the formation of coke different from that of ice ?
0 what is the origin of the order symbol ?
4 which latin american political unit is the largest ?
1 what infectious illness is the world 's deadliest ?
1 what is price to business and government caused by bureaucracy ?
1 What is a golf ball made of ?
3 who starred with charlie chaplin in modern times and the great dictator ?
3 who was the author of the book about machine hackers called `` the cuckoo 's egg : tracking a spy through the maze of machine espionage '' ?
5 What percentage of children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?
0 how did the u.s. come into the possession of an empire in the aftermath of the spanish-american war ?
4 where did the guitar originate ?
0 what is the deviation between a bachelor and a 1 bedroom apartment ?
4 Where is Procter & Gamble headquartered in the U.S. ?
3 who wrote the book , `` song of solomon '' ?
4 what new york city landmark has 168 steps to its symbol ?
1 what do west indian steel isthmus use as instruments ?
4 name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway organization ?
3 what american won the world grand prix driving high status in 1978 ?
0 How do you find the area of a circle ?
3 Who invented the Wonderbra ?
5 how many equal angles are there in an isosceles polygon ?
1 what european race sees the winner of its mountain stage awarded a jersey with large red polka point ?
4 What two states is Washington D.C. between ?
4 what political unit 's northernmost city is darwin ?
3 who delivered his last newscast on march 6 , 1981 ?
1 what 's approaching when a cyclist shouts : `` oil '' ?
3 what 19th-century writer had a country property on the hudson dubbed sunnyside ?
0 what was a mae west on a world war ii warship ?
3 who claimed he killed 4 , 280 old world buffalo as food for the crew building the kansas pacific railway ?
5 In what year did Hitler gain power of Germany ?
1 What new games are available for Nintendo 64 ?
5 how many time period more than 3
5 how many sides does a polygon have ?
5 what is columbia tristar 's phone amount ?
4 What is the Homelite Inc. home page ?
0 What incident caused the canning of a summit conference between Eisenhower and Khrushchev ?
3 what are the three most successful companies of our case ?
1 what was the first english dramatic composition written exclusively for children ?
3 the name of the actor who played the detective in the movie kindergarden cop is what ?
4 what is the geographical plaza of the us including alaska and hawaii ?
4 what are the defamation of all the seas in the world and what ocean do they drain into ?
3 what military service was founded by william booth and his wife catherine ?
4 what building appropriately enough is depicted on the back of the 1-dollar legal document ?
5 how many millisecond gears in a second gear ?
0 what are manifest and latent mathematical relation theories ?
0 how do you clean an lcd monitor surface ?
4 Where did Dylan Thomas die ?
3 who portrayed fatman in the television entertainment , `` jake and the fatman '' ?
5 when was the first stained glass framework made ?
3 what celebrity couple , when going through a divorce , divided their room paper into two equal piles ?
3 what democratic troublemaker waved the train out of the station while richard nixon spoke from the caboose ?
4 what state on the gulf of mexico has its lowest decimal point five feet below sea level ?
1 what motor vehicle race was wilbur reed the first to win three times ?
5 How much money does a back injury lawsuit get ?
3 who won the rugby worldly concern cup in ?
0 what are the current migration laws in us ?
0 where did the word `` 69 '' come from ?
5 how many games are played in a five-unit round-robin tournament ?
3 who developed the first poliomyelitis vaccine ?
1 what commodity does `` mrs. olsen '' promote ?
0 what function does homeostasis have on the existence of an living thing ?
0 what were the three prophecies the occultist make to macbeth ?
1 what format was the major rival of vhs ?
1 what do stream otters eat ?
5 What year did Spielberg make `` Jaws '' ?
1 what color poker bit is usually assigned the lowest value ?
3 who was darius ?
5 how many millitime units in a time unit ?
5 how much of the terrestrial planet 's surface is permanently frozen ?
5 how many warmup pitches does a reliever get coming into a ball game game ?
1 what did abolitionists try to end ?
3 what bottled-up tv character was born in baghdad ?
3 what company started out making pie , and wound up manufacturing plastic throwing toys ?
1 what famous psychological feature have happened on march 27 ?
3 who was the 15th century fire-and-brimstone religious who gained control of florence but ended burnt at the stake ?
4 what countries have the best math enrollee ?
1 what does the statue of liberty deterioration on her feet ?
1 what song did patti page set group dancing to in 1950 ?
4 Where does chocolate come from ?
3 what u.s. government agency registers characteristic ?
3 what tv family sometimes buys eclair from nelson 's bakery ?
1 what 's the word for broken glass or sharp rocks embedded in cement on region of a wall ?
3 who 's baby was sweet pea on the popeye wit ?
4 what building are british monarch crowned in ?
5 how many astronaut have been on the moon ?
4 where can i get information concerning child confinement files for the state of utah ?
3 who invented court game ?
0 what is the difference between pop music and rock 'n' roll and roll ?
5 how long ago was the roe vs. wade choice by the supreme court ?
0 What is the Internet2 ?
3 who used auh2o as an election slogan ?
4 where do shellfish like to live ?
3 what former major-league left-handed baseball ballplayer was known as `` space man '' ?
1 what paper suit originally represented the peasant class ?
4 Where is the largest post office building in the world ?
1 What is the name of the second space shuttle ?
0 what is meant by `` assets market '' ?
3 What actor was the first man to appear on the cover of McCall 's ?
4 what new england state of matter carries the telephone area code 27 ?
1 What disease does Katharine Hepburn have that makes her voice shake ?
4 Where is Basque country located ?
3 who famously rode to warn the multitude of massachusetts that the british were coming ?
5 how many process are found in the small intestine ?
0 what does the contribution process entail ?
0 why are somepyrimidineimes your hands cold , bupyrimidine pyrimidinehe respyrimidine of you isn 'pyrimidine ?
1 what whisky is `` known by the institution it keeps '' ?
5 what was the act of people that randy steven craft was convicted of killing ?
0 why does it say on children 's cough syrup not to drive while using this drug ?
4 Where did the Maya people live ?
0 what is a plant addendum ?
4 what is the best online plot site ?
3 What President was meant for , but never placed in , the empty crypt beneath the capital 's rotunda ?
0 how do doctor diagnose bone cancer ?
2 what does the number `` 5 '' support for on fubu clothing ?
3 who was the first english circumnavigator of the globe ?
0 what 's the meaning of the language unit tatiana ?
5 shea and gould had an position in los angeles for how long before closing it ?
5 what is the body number of an elephant ?
0 what is the difference between the orifice and the rectum ?
4 what u.s. state has the lowest highest elevation at 6 vertebrate foot ?
1 what type of water pollution are there ?
4 What country claimed Rubens , Van Dyck and Bruegel as citizens ?
5 what month did the edmund fitzgerald plumbing fixture ?
3 what 4-foot-9 actress in 1984 became the first entertainer to win an oscar for playing a character of the opposite sex ?
0 why are there braille things on the atm machines that multitude drive through ?
3 who holds the nfl evidence for most touchdowns in a season ?
3 world health organization was the actor world health organization played sam in the movie casablanca ?
2 What does the `` blue ribbon '' stand for ?
4 What are the 10 largest cities in the US ?
3 who is colin powell ?
5 How many teats does a female goat sport ?
1 what is the name of the disease that actor hunter tylo 's baby girl has ?
0 Why does a wheel , e.g. a car tire , appear to spin in the opposite direction as it slows down ?
4 mississippi has what name for a state appellation ?
5 what 's the american dollar cognition for 8 pounds in the u.k. ?
0 what are the lyric to `` smelly cat '' ?
5 how many miles of veins are in the circulatory organization ?
3 who is the voyager work manager ?
5 What season does a hiemal activity normally take place in ?
5 how many monetary unit a day did arthur frommer say you could get by on in europe in 1968 ?
4 In what city is the famed St. Mark 's Square ?
4 what 's the most powerful country in the worldly concern ?
3 who was the supreme deity of germanic religion ?
4 what is the network address of the list of e-mail addresses of members of the house of representatives ?
0 what is it like to experience a near change episode ?
0 how can a foreigner get a u.s. social security circuit board ?
5 how many pounds are there in a natural object ?
1 what is `` the great american family grass '' ?
3 What organization 's offices were broken into at Watergate in 1972 ?
0 what is the difference between a bottle and a jolt ?
4 What states do not have state income tax ?
3 what enterprise in alaska were affected by the exxon valdez oil spill ?
3 what british military officer surrendered to george washington at yorktown in 1781 ?
4 what political unit was a terrible beauty to leon uris ?
3 who made the first flatulence engine ?
0 how does haircloth curl ?
1 what dame can swim but can 't fly ?
3 Who was the conservationist who served as spokesperson for Post Grape Nuts ?
4 what mediterranean island is home plate to the first club med ?
5 what class did germany sign its nonaggression pact with the soviet union ?
0 Define Sinn Fein .
5 how many type of cheese are there in france ?
5 the iraqis launched their operation on kuwait on what day ?
5 how many minutes were there on the original ge college bowl timepiece ?
0 why are the ears your center of equilibrium ?
4 what populous state covers 49 , 576 square linear unit ?
1 What instrument is Ray Charles best known for playing ?
3 what corporate executive kissed the queen mother on the lips ?
1 what is the high pitched audio that you hear in your ear every now and then , but then it goes away , after a while ?
3 what painter popularized soup cans and brillo soap pad container ?
4 where is the abstraction m people from ?
3 What is the first personal computer company ?
0 how come a ring has a hole in it ?
1 What is a fear of bees ?
0 How do you make panoramic sugar eggs for Easter - the ones with the scene inside ?
3 what well-known actor is the father of ace alan alda ?
3 what 19th-hundred writer had a country estate on the hudson dubbed sunnyside ?
1 what card suit originally represented the peasant course ?
4 where does the court game star stefan edberg come from ?
4 What country boasts Ismail 's Palace and the Palace of King Farouk ?
5 how much does a new railroad ember car cost ?
5 how many animal foot long is a baseball pitcher 's rubber ?
1 which two products use a person as their symbol ?
3 who was the accused in the trial of the century , which opened janurary 1 , 1935 ?
3 what was the christian name of the title fictional character in our miss brooks ?
3 what architect originated the glass firm designed the chicago federal center had a philosophy of `` less is more , '' and produced plans that were the forerunner of the california ranch firm ?
5 how many american soldier remain unaccounted from the vietnam war ?
3 who banned peter rose from ball game for betting on games ?
1 What are you caught in if a haboob blows up ?
0 where did the term hydrant come from ?
1 what product had bette davis creating a scandal by wearing a daring red gown to a society ball ?
3 what actor dressed up as santa claus and had a once-a-time period affair with actress shelley winters every christmas for many time periods ?
0 what is form puff ?
1 what is the only archpriest to lack pigment in the palms of its hands ?
0 what was the claim to honor of explorer i , launched february 1 , 1958 ?
0 How do clouds form ?
5 what calendar month , date , and year did charles i die ?
0 how do i find out the exact time of a sunset for a particular sidereal day ?
4 what is the best point to live in the world , considering climate , civilization ?
0 What is the origin of the word trigonometry ?
0 what is oblivion ?
3 what architect originated the solid house designed the chicago federal center had a philosophy of `` less is more , '' and produced plans that were the forerunner of the california ranch house ?
1 in what religion was isis the quality goddess ?
1 name the operating organization that runs on ibm-compatible machines .
1 What two major world religions began in India ?
5 how much does a new railway coal car cost ?
1 What 's the most commonly-spoken language in Belgium ?
1 what album put the beatles on the cover of time in 1967 ?
1 what concerts are held in new york this workweek ?
4 where did wop pigs originate ?
3 who lives at 39 stone canyon way ?
4 what country is the origin of the social group the creeps ?
1 What disease plagued Europe , Africa and Asia ?
4 what european nation boasts the city of furth , found where the rivers rednitz and pegnitz converge ?
5 What is the death toll of people dying from tuberculosis ?
0 how can anyone tell if a animal had sexual intercourse ?
5 How much does it cost , average or whatever is available , to produce and send junk mail catalogues in the US ? , DT CD NN NN ,
0 what happens when atmospheric electricity strikes a body of water ?
3 what is the best internet business to go into ?
0 how does cos cob , ct get its language unit ?
1 what colors is purplish red made of ?
4 what country has declared one-fifth of its district off-limits to russians ?
1 what peter blatty novel recounts the horrors of regan macneil 's self-control by the devil ?
0 why do many native american enrollee not complete college ?
4 Where did Ty Cobb grow up ?
1 what cooking lipid has `` corn goodness '' ?
5 what time period did apartheid start ?
4 what is the das kapital of kosovo ?
4 what is the richest state of matter in the u.s. ?
4 where can i get a map of prussia on the internet ?
1 what baseball outcome required nine game equipment in 1879 , eight game equipment in 1880 and seven game equipment in 1881 ?
5 how many israeli contestant were killed at the munich olympics ?
3 Who succeeded Nikita Khrushchev as first secretary of the Communist Party ?
0 Why is black the color of mourning in the West ?
5 how many websites are there in the natural object ?
1 what chemical in red wine is good for the intuition and what exactly does it do to your body ?
4 what country has declared one-fifth of its territory off-extent to russians ?
1 What medium is Stuart Hamblen the first singing cowboy in ?
4 What are the largest deserts in the world ?
2 in a calculator , what does scsi mean ?
3 Name a South African diamond producer ?
0 What does the word camaro mean , from the GM car the Camaro ?
3 what division store heir is responsible for raising a three-ton safe from the underwater wreckage of the andrea doria ?
1 what does it take to be a champion ?
1 name the four floor contained in edith wharton 's `` old new york . ''
0 How do Ouija Boards work ?
1 what deck of cards includes the wheel of fortune , the lovers , and death ?
1 what was the language unit of the 1899 policy forced on china by which all nations had equal trading rights ?
5 how many chairs are shown in vincent van gogh 's 188 employment the artist 's room in arles ?
3 what 's mrs. bridges 's occupation on tv 's upstairs , downstairs ?
5 How much stronger is the new vitreous carbon material invented by the Tokyo Institute of Technology compared with the material made from cellulose ?
4 where must a soccer hockey player stand to be permitted to handle the ball ?
3 who played the heading role in the romantic englishwoman ?
1 Jude Law was in what movie ?
3 What singer 's hit song inspired the Dolly Parton Stallone movie Rhinestone ?
5 when was the first flush gutter invented ?
3 What labor leader was last seen in the parking lot of a Michigan restaurant ?
1 a corgi is a category of what ?
5 how many people were executed for abraham lincoln 's character assassination ?
0 why is the universe flat , if it started by an explosion , shouldn 't it be a environment ?
3 who made the rotary locomotive automobile ?
0 how do you make panoramic sugar eggs for easter - the one with the scene inside ?
0 what is the origin of the discussion `` mushroom '' ?
0 what is respiratory organ cancer ?
3 what are the three most successful institution of our time ?
4 what is the appellation of pennsylvania ?
0 What was the Vietnam War ?
1 in what deodorant commercial did payer have adjoining medicine cabinets ?
1 what is the lowest level of the american administration ?
1 name the story by chris van allsburg in the which a son tries to become a great sailor ?
4 what texas city got its language unit from the spanish for `` yellow '' ?
1 Which comic book was not spawned directly from the pulp magazines ?
3 what daughter of henry viii and anne boleyn became fagot of england ?
1 what j.r.r. tolkien book features gimli as a central fictional character ?
5 how many home streak did babe ruth hit in his lifetime ?
3 what u.s. general officer was court-martialled for criticizing american air power ?
3 who banned peter rose from baseball for betting on activity ?
1 Where does your hair grow the fastest ?
1 what does a man suffering from diphallic terata rich person ?
3 what property of government or governmental agency is responsible for dealing with racism ?
1 What nutrients are for healthy bones and teeth ?
0 what are the distinct physical characterstics of the arabian equine ?
0 what is ` last chance for animals ' ?
4 which is the wealthiest political unit in the world ?
3 who is charles lindbergh ?
0 what do a diamond and agglomeration of coal have in common ?
1 what was the name of the equine that fell on queen elizabeth , prince albert 's wife ?
5 what is the life anticipation of an elephant ?
5 How many oceans are there and name them ?
1 what carries sperm up into the pelvic area ?
3 who was the first x-man to die in struggle ?
3 what performer dressed up as santa claus and had a once-a-year affair with actress shelley winters every christmas for many years ?
3 who was the captain of the tanker , exxon valdez , involved in the oil liquid in prince william sound , alaska , 1989 ?
0 how is the vote of a new pope announced to the world ?
0 What are the living conditions in Cuba ?
3 what baseball team was routinely called `` dem rotter '' by its frustrated fans ?
4 in what u.s. administrative district was the first woman governor elected ?
1 What baseball outcome required nine balls in 1879 , eight balls in 1880 and seven balls in 1881 ?
5 what is the highest number of home runs on record for any one plot ?
2 what do the letters ce stand for on so many commodity , particularly electrical , purchased now ?
4 what natural elevation range marks the border of france and spain ?
0 what made the finger lakes in western new york state of matter ?
3 who is actress goldie hawn 's current actor boyfriend ?
3 who 's the lead singer of the led zeppelin isthmus ?
0 what is condensation point ?
1 what plot do steve mcqueen and edward g. robinson play in the cincinnati kid ?
1 Stuart Hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of what ?
1 what is the most famous german language unit in the english language ?
0 How do telephones work ?
3 who is olive oyl 's brother ?
0 Why do magnets attract ?
0 how do you clean an lcd monitor screen ?
1 what is the most famous german discussion in the english language ?
5 how many semblance are there in a rainbow ?
4 what is the largest land in the mediterranean sea ?
1 What is the name of a language spoken by the Sioux ?
4 where can i find message on becoming a journalist ?
0 how would someone go about becoming an harmonium donor ?
4 What colorful sea 's region does Greek legend say the Amazons lived near ?
5 how many films are made by the major studios in a time period ?
0 what is the definition of a occultist ?
0 what do the number 1 , 2 , and 4 mean on dr. pepper bottle ?
0 how do vertebrate have sex ?
3 What is the name of Miss India 1994 ?
1 what animal has killed the most multitude ?
5 how many languages are there in the natural object ?
3 what is the most popular last language unit ?
5 When was John D. Rockefeller born ?
1 what are fingernail made of ?
5 what amount of money did the philippine ex-speaker marcos steal from the treasury ?
4 where is one 's principal callosum found ?
4 What is the largest city in Texas ?
3 who is the prophet of medina ?
1 What 's approaching when a cyclist shouts : `` Oil '' ?
0 how do you tell person you like them ?
1 what oldtime kids ' agenda did tv guide writer jeff greenfield call `` one of the most...subversive tv shows in american history '' ?
5 how many yards are in 1 nautical mile ?
3 What TV talk-show host lends his name to a line of men 's clothing ?
1 what beverage contains as many types of rum as possible ?
3 what famous meat company went out of business because it became known that the class had been selling them kangaroo meat ?
5 in what class did they build the berlin wall ?
1 what is the longest discussion in the english language ?
0 what is the origin of u.s. army sergeant 's badge ?
1 What is the chemical symbol for nitrogen ?
0 why do group get calluses ?
5 how many times can a nickel-metallic element rechargeable battery be recharged ?
4 what political unit was kim philby really working for ?
0 What did John Hinckley do to impress Jodie Foster ?
4 where must a football goalie stand to be permitted to handle the ball ?
3 Who markets Spaghetti-o 's ?
4 where can i find a appraisal of nightmare on elm street in a film journal ?
5 how many assortment of apple are there ?
1 in which kevin costner product did sioux indians play a role ?
5 how many american soldiers have died for their country to day ?
1 What `` magic '' does Mandrake employ ?
3 name the designer of the footwear that spawned millions of plastic imitations , known as ` jellies ' .
4 Where can I find the status of my tax return ?
1 stuart hamblen is considered to be the first musical performance cowboy of which medium ?
5 about how many soldier died in world war ii ?
0 how can i look up causal agent 's e-mail address on the internet ?
0 What did FCC chairman Newton Minow declare TV to be on May 9 , 1961 ?
5 what is average salary of restaurant director in united states ?
3 what famous soldier was born in europe , died in asia , and was laid to part in africa ?
1 What was the name of the horse that fell on Queen Elizabeth , Prince Albert 's wife ?
0 why was the slide fastener invented ?
3 in dana 's `` two years before the mast , '' what seafarers lived in an abandoned kitchen appliance on the beach at san diego ?
5 how many component is a bullseye worth in darts ?
5 what 's the maximum number of clubs a golfer may use in a round of golf ?
0 What was the first Funk 'N Lata , Brazilian group , success ?
5 what percentage of children between the ages of two and eleven vigil ` the simpsons ' ?
4 what people is pope john paul ii ?
3 what are the first defamation of rowan and martin , the stars of tv 's laugh-in ?
5 how many total darkness served in the vietnam war
0 how do i e-chain mail someone at aol.com from yahoo.com ?
0 What happened in the Long March ?
4 what is the longest place language unit in the u.s. ?
0 what is the amish belief ?
1 what is it that walks on four stamina , then on two stamina , then on three ?
3 what world war ii person declared : `` the blow has been struck '' ?
4 Where in a tree does photosynthesis occur ?
5 how many antioxidant-commantioxidantrcantioxidant companiantioxidants arantioxidant startantioxidantd antioxidantvantioxidantry day ?
1 what communication is mostly spoken in brazil ?
4 Where can I buy a good snowboard for less than $200 ?
0 What is a pig in a poke ?
5 how much money does each contestant get at the beginning of the game in monopoly ?
4 What country did the ancient Romans refer to as Hibernia ?
3 what 19th-century artist died in the marquesas islands ?
0 How did the months of the year get there name ?
1 what are the three secondary semblance ?
3 what company named one of its writing implement `` the banana '' ?
1 what hollywood pawl died in the arms of jean harlow in 1932 ?
1 what is a emotion of childbirth ?
4 What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?
0 what is the definition of a wiccan ?
1 what took first prize in omni magazine 's contest to find the `` ultimate unanswerable questioning '' ?
3 what actor married john f. kennedy 's baby ?
4 What is the geographical center of the US including Alaska and Hawaii ?
3 what multitalented academy-award-winning director failed a college course in motion-picture product ?
1 what is a fear of machine ?
5 how many different communication are spoken in europe ?
1 What is a fear of trees ?
1 what type of medium of exchange is used in china ?
5 What is the recomended age to switch a child from a crib to a bed ?
3 which radio station air the jim bohannon radio talk show ?
0 What did Cool Hand Luke go to jail for ?
1 what animal do buffalo wing come from ?
1 what is a female leporid called ?
0 how do i find out what city are in a certain area code ?
1 what is the most commonly used 1 letter language unit in the english language ?
1 what were the five opening password on ben casey ?
1 What 2 statues did France give to other countries ?
0 What are the lyrics to `` Smelly Cat '' ?
1 what five cards make up a perfect cribbage handwriting ?
5 how far do you have to score if you hit a home score ?
0 What do Japanese school uniforms look like ?
5 what 's the maximum number of clubs a golfer may use in a ammunition ?
3 who are the top ten richest people in the world ?
3 name the blind sculptor in love with the fantastic four 's thing .
5 what is the starting salary for beginning professional ?
0 How do they produce vitamins ?
3 what u.s. general was assembly-martialled for criticizing american air power ?
5 what is judy garland 's date of parturition ?
4 what asian city boasts the worldly concern 's biggest bowling alley ?
3 what south vietnamese corporate executive was assassinated by his generals in 1963 ?
5 how many moment were there on the original ge college bowl clock ?
3 what bread company used to feature stickers of the cisco kid on the goal of their packages ?
5 how many linear unit over six feet is tom selleck ?
0 what was nine tailors , the television receiver show from 1974 , about ?
0 what is the point of the word trigonometry ?
1 What are the two largest birds on earth ?
5 independent silversmith 's account for what proportion of silver production ?
5 how many class ago did led zeppelin release its last album ?
3 who invented the facsimile machine ?
3 Who was Monet ?
3 Who was the only person convicted in the My Lai Massacre ?
0 how did the months of the year get there language unit ?
4 What is the web address at which I can find the e-mail address of a member of the US House of Representatives ?
5 the italian creator , maurizio pellegrin , is how old ?
4 what countries have the largest armed influence in the world ?
3 What does Nicholas Cage do for a living ?
3 Who is the President of Ghana ?
0 What was Suzy Parker doing to earn $1 , 000 in the early 1950 's ?
4 where are the leading medical groups specializing in lung illness ?
4 what are tourist attractions in reims ?
1 what 's the highest-ranking garment in bridge ?
1 On what T.V. show could Tom Terrific be found ?
5 what is the pennsylvania state financial gain tax rate ?
0 What is a person 's socioeconomic position ?
3 what english fagot had six fingers on one hand ?
3 What Apollo 11 astronaut minded the store while Armstrong and Aldrin made history ?
3 What group was formed in 1969 after police met resistance from patrons at the Stonewall , a Greenwich Village gay bar ?
3 who does the sound of the simpsons ?
5 What is the youngest age a boy or girl can have an orgasm ?
5 what is the protection pace of using condoms ?
0 why are electric cars less efficient in the compass point than in california ?
3 what 's the most common nickname of u.s. college football team ?
1 what 12-hour cold medicine uses the formula `` 6 , 6 , 12 '' in its ad ?
1 what was the first tv set to include a remote power ?
3 who played emperor palpatine in star wars ?
5 what is the cost of the drugs used in tuberculosis treatment ?
1 what j.r.r. tolkien book features bilbo baggins as the central fictional character ?
0 How is bubble wrap made ?
3 Who is the sexiest women in the world ?
4 what london street claims to be the world center for men 's trade ?
5 how many fourth dimension has harold stassen announced a drive for the white house ?
1 what does a farrier put option shoes on ?
0 what were the first words spoken on a film sound lead ?
1 what household products are there for adult inflammatory disease ?
5 When did the Jurassic Period end ?
0 what is the purpose of a car undergarment ?
5 how many lawyers are there in the state of matter of new jersey ?
5 when was cigarette promotion banned on television and radio ?
5 what season is the environment for shakespeare 's midsummer night 's dream ?
1 what are the seven wonders of the worldly concern ?
3 name the five positions who are in the formation of succession to the presidency .
1 what muhammad ali tactic was george foreman the first victim of ?
3 what tv talk-show host lends his name to a line of men 's clothing ?
5 what is the starting wage of a radiographer ?
1 In which sport is there a `` scrum '' ?
3 which company created the internet browser mosaic ?
4 in what nation is a stuck-out tongue a friendly greeting ?
3 what 1920s ranch hand star rode tony the wonder horse ?
3 what well-known tv talk show master of ceremonies was a lay preacher by the time he was seventeen ?
3 what was the name of the lawyer world health organization represented randy steven craft ?
5 what is the life span of the average primate ?
1 What did San Francisco 's Milt Harper grow that measured 24 inches from tip to tip in 1974 ?
3 what are the characters ' names in the scooby-doo wit ?
0 why does the sun shine only a short case in alaska ?
3 What army 's motto is Blood and Fire ?
3 who was the creator of the stove ?
0 how do gravy boat float ?
1 what are birds descendant of ?
0 What is a conifer ?
5 how big is a normal magnitude penis for a 15-year-old ?
3 what american sergeant lost both of his hands in combat during world war ii and then went on to act in a single product for which he won two oscars ?
5 How many times in his 16-year National Basketball Associaton career was John Havlicek a member of the all-star team ?
0 what is the origin of the word `` floor '' ?
1 what 's the word for broken solid or sharp rocks embedded in cement on top of a wall ?
0 What makes popcorn pop ?
0 what 's the state of matter motto of california ?
0 Why are there olives in martinis ?
3 what baseball team was routinely called `` dem unpleasant person '' by its frustrated fans ?
1 what kind is a snail ?
3 who leads the ace ship enterprise in ace trek ?
3 name the company that used the line , `` even your best person won 't tell you '' in its ad ?
3 what multitalented academy-prize-winning director failed a college course in motion-picture production ?
3 what professional sports association originated the college draft ?
5 how long did the paris commune hold out for against the part of france ?
1 what sword of jeans did calvin klein admit in a 1984 interview he felt more comfortable wearing ?
3 who created maudie frickett ?
5 how many fourth dimension a year does the american gourd society publish the gourd ?
5 how many eyes does a squash racket have ?
1 what was the name of the american ship sunk by a mine in havana port , causing the spanish-american war ?
5 what is the most number of goals scored by a single unit in an nhl hockey game ?
0 how do birds find their way back to the same seat every year ?
0 Why is Rush 's 2112 called 2112 ?
0 how do i find out the exact case of a sunset for a particular day ?
0 how did bondage develop in and then leave russia ?
4 where have the most archosaur remains been found ?
3 what is an information of a famous rock band from the sixties ?
0 what is false awareness ?
1 what is the mathematical statement to calculate pi ?
1 what is the name of the second space shuttlecock ?
1 what trade did the 15th and 16th century portuguese promise to control between asia and europe ?
3 what architect originated the looking glass house designed the chicago federal center had a philosophy of `` less is more , '' and produced plans that were the forerunner of the california ranch house ?
3 who is charles lindbergh ?
1 what kind of problem first appeared in the u.s. in the new york world on december 21 , 1913 ?
4 what ocean does mauritania boundary ?
3 what did andy hardy 's founder do for a living ?
5 How long was Mao 's 1930s Long March ?
0 what is a bone kernel transplant ?
3 who said : `` soldiers win the battles and generals get the credit '' ?
3 What is Dr. Ruth 's last name ?
1 what do you get by mixing cotton gin and vermouth ?
5 what day of the time period was july 13 ?
1 what type of entertainer is ileana cotrubas ?
0 How can I register my website in Yahoo for free ?
4 where can i find a list of all the companies in america that offer a direct stock purchase design ?
0 Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor ?
4 what u.s. state has an part named for it ?
1 What was Connecticut 's first constitution called ?
1 what is a emotion of pregnancy ?
0 what is the origin of the typing practice sentence `` now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their political unit '' ?
4 What is the address for the main government office in Rome , Italy ?
0 what 's a `` coup de poing '' to a french packer ?
3 whose special bear 's God was born on january 18 , 1779 ?
5 How many James Bond novels are there ?
1 what are the different approaches of system analysis ?
3 what kind of people took character in shays ' rebellion in massachusetts in 1787 ?
5 How many people died on D-Day ?
1 What does a polyorchid man have at least three of ?
1 what software offers inventors use of cad-like design ?
5 What month of the year is there no television in Iceland ?
3 who is the most sexy celebrity ?
4 what islands got their name from the spanish baja blemish , meaning shallow water ?
1 what hollywood dog died in the instrumentality of jean harlow in 1932 ?
4 what north american city boasts the biggest polish people ?
1 What magazine paid Ernest Hemingway $15 a word to write a bullfighting article ?
0 how can i find out how much financial gain tax is paid on social security financial gain on the 1998 financial gain tax ?
4 what political unit was hitler the chancellor of ?
0 what is a common percoid fish ?
5 what is the highest number of residence runs on record for any one game ?
0 what is the explanation of the term `` weapons system '' ?
1 what are close encounters of the first and second category ?
4 where in the americas is it only 47 linear unit from the atlantic to the pacific ?
0 what are some fun property to do in cozumel , mexico for teenagers ?
3 who was the oldest u.s. president ?
5 how many finger are used to draw a bow ?
0 What is `` the computer for the rest of us '' ?
4 what are the nordic nation ?
4 where in the bible does it tell about jesus christ 's brother and sisters ?
4 Where was chop suey invented ?
1 What device provided a new way to listen to music in 1963 ?
4 what european nation 's monarchy was restored in 1975 ?
1 what creature scares people in the movie `` jaws '' ?
1 what famed court game tournament 's men 's singles title was fred perry the last englishman to win ?
1 What after-dinner treat was invented in 1916 at the George Jung noodle factory in Los Angeles ?
4 what country is located at 13 degrees north angular distance and 10 degrees east longitude ?
1 what is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual passing of movement in the body ?
3 what future soviet dictator was training to be a clergyman when he got turned on to marxism ?
1 what british tv series inspired all in the family ?
1 what grass goes `` snap , crackle , pop '' ?
3 who did richard nixon tender his resignation to ?
3 who played the ringo kid in the 1939 movie stagecoach ?
5 how many fourth dimension a day does the typical person go to the bathroom ?
0 What is paracetamol ?
4 what is the world 's highest point ?
1 what unit include fluorine , sodium and magnesium ?
0 why are harmonium transplants more successful today ?
5 how deep is a linear unit ?
0 what is a canada two-penny total darkness ?
4 where can i find a person 's savoir-faire from a telephone number ?
4 what desert country border saudi arabia , iraq and the persian gulf ?
3 who is the richest woman in the world ?
5 how many group die of tuberculosis yearly ?
0 what is the difference between neoclassical creation and romanticism creation ?
5 When did the American Civil War end ?
1 what beverage is formed of tequila , orange juice and galliano ?
5 what 's the maximum length , in inches , of a first baseman 's baseball equipment ?
3 which of the following rock 'n bun stars has a `` star '' on hollywood boulevard ?
1 what is a concern of being cold ?
0 What makes you fat ?
1 What did Benny Carter play ?
1 what publication is subtitled the preservation of favoured races in the struggle for life ?
3 What are the top 10 colleges in the United States in the field of engineering ?
4 what country are you in if you woo in the wu non-standard speech ?
0 what is the origin of blue for male and pink for girls ?
5 how big is the largest jewel ?
5 How many Canadians emmigrate each year ?
0 how can i find out which cities have telegram-modem access ?
3 who followed caesar ?
0 why doesn 'deoxythymidine monophosphate www.answers.com have any answers deoxythymidine monophosphateo my quesdeoxythymidine monophosphateions ?
1 what war did the wanna-go-home riots occur after ?
0 What is the Kashmir issue ?
5 How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?
0 where do chihuahua come from ?
2 When reading classified ads , what does EENTY : other stand for ?
3 What one of the Backstreet Boys are single ?
0 What is the difference between New York-style and Chicago-style pizza ?
1 what category of wine is spumante ?
4 Where is the Orinoco ?
0 what 's the title to fame of night watchman frank wills ?
3 what was the actor 's name who played nose tackle for the eagles in super bowl xv ?
3 what abstraction kidnaped patricia hearst ?
5 When was the De Beers company founded ?
5 how many bends are there in a standard paper supply chamber ?
0 how does light travel through the nonexistence of space if there is no medium for it to ` wave ' or ` pulse ' .
5 how many were in attendance at the last supper ?
5 what is the size of the scholar body at the university of massachusetts in amherst ?
1 The Jewish alphabet is known as what ?
3 who sings the song `` drink to me with thine center '' by ben johnson ?
1 What is the alphabet for Latin ?
5 When was the Battle of Hastings ?
4 what city 's the kickoff component for climbs of mount everest ?
0 what does the word `` classical music '' mean ?
4 what is the name of the celestial body that the ewoks live on ?
3 who runs andy capp 's favorite public house ?
2 what does the abbreviation hundredweight. ?
3 who was the first trainer of the cleveland browns ?
5 how many stars are there on the soviet union 's iris ?
1 name a fiction written by john steinbeck .
5 what fourth dimension of year do most people fly ?
4 where does the u.s. get most of its department of energy ?
3 who is the richest person in the world ?
3 Who created the character James Bond ?
4 what 's the worldly concern 's longest suspension bridge ?
4 what country is the origin of the isthmus the creeps ?
1 What determines the value of the pearl ?
5 When did CNN go on the air ?
4 What two countries is Andorra nestled between ?
4 where can one find data on religion and health , the brain and nutrition ?
3 who made the first gas locomotive ?
3 who was the author of `` john brown 's body '' ?
0 what incident caused the canning of a summit league between eisenhower and khrushchev ?
5 When did Lucelly Garcia , a former ambassador of Columbia to Honduras , die ?
0 what are the payment of home school ?
5 How many times was pitcher , Warren Spahn , a 20-game winner in his 21 major league seasons ?
0 What do Hank Aaron , Jimmy Stewart , and Howard K. Smith have in common ?
5 what time period did rossetti paint `` beata beatrix '' ?
3 Who were the 1974 Oscar winners ?
3 what batman fictional character tools around on a batcycle ?
1 what was the person whale who died at sea world of a fungal infection named ?
0 how do i know someone is truly in sexual love with me ?
1 which culture medium is hamblen the first singing cowboy in ?
4 where do i find information for foreclosure possession on the internet ?
1 What was Dwight Eisenhower 's favorite card game ?
1 name the french historical menstruation during the reign of napoleon iii .
1 what beer 's name is translated as `` leo brew '' ?
1 what is the softest part of the natural object ?
1 What Stephen Sondheim ballad ends : `` Well , maybe next year.. . '' ?
1 what turns blue litmus paper chromatic color ?
1 What John Steinbeck novel portrays the Joad family , driven from the Oklahoma dustbowl ?
1 what video information was an alternative to vhs ?
1 what phone do all esperanto nouns end in ?
1 What color tennis balls are used at Wimbledon ?
4 what is the name of the satellite that the ewoks live on ?
5 How many miles is it from London , England to Plymouth , England ?
1 What 's the name of the Tampa newspaper ?
5 How long would it take for a $ savings bond to mature ?
4 What lake in Scotland is said to hold one or more monsters ?
4 Where was the Cisalpine Republic , 1797-185 , ?
1 what grain goes `` snap , crackle , pop '' ?
5 how much did varian associates try to sell its vacuum products army unit to the boc group for ?
0 what was the verdict in the 1925 test of john t. scopes ?
1 what does final four refer to in the diversion world ?
0 What is power steering ?
3 what is the language unit of the american swimmer who won seven gold medals in the 1972 olympics ?
1 what game 's board shows the region of irkutsk , yakutsk and kamchatka ?
4 In what state was the first co-educational college established
1 what is the discussion for depression ?
3 which social group is the security council a part of ?
3 who is the fastest athlete in the world ?
4 where 's the 19th trap on a golf course ?
1 in which tennessee williams looseness is one of the characters killed and devoured by a mob of starving children ?
1 what is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein protective covering that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?
1 what quality has the silkworm moth lost through domestication ?
3 who graced the airwaves with such pearls as `` do ya lo-o-ove me ? get naked , child ! '' ?
5 What is the weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole ?
0 what is eagle 's syndrome styloid summons ?
3 What author landed a 468-pound marlin without harness in the early 193 's ?
3 who invented the stock internal organ in 1870 ?
5 how tall is the ruminant ?
0 why did several san diego schools stop serving edible fruit to students ?
1 Which language has the most words ?
4 what country 's multitude are the top television watchers ?
4 what city contains the region of hell 's kitchen ?
1 What is the name of a book written by Aaron Hass ?
0 what does the donation process estate ?
0 what are the current immigration police in us ?
3 what american actor was the first to be called a `` vamp '' ?
1 what category of animals are in cambodia ?
1 In order from the top , the four stripes on a can of Pepsi are what colors ?
1 name the story by chris van allsburg in the which a boy tries to become a great skilled worker ?
0 What is the origin of `` Beauty is in the eye of the beholder '' ?
0 what do i need to learn to design network pages ?
0 how do vessel float ?
1 What color is the eight-ball in pocket billiards ?
1 What does a topophobic actor suffer from ?
3 what piano company claims its commodity is the `` instrument of the immortals '' ?
0 What does the name Kelly mean ?
5 What was the first minimum wage ?
4 What is the longest place name in the U.S. ?
0 What does camera-ready art mean ?
0 what makes gamete ?
5 What is the temperature today ?
4 what were the first consistency visited by spacecraft ?
5 How long were Tyrannosaurus Rex 's teeth ?
5 how many body did germany get to keep after world war i ?
3 in dana 's `` two years before the mast , '' what seafarers lived in an abandoned oven on the beach at san diego ?
1 what is a concern of slime ?
5 in what time period was the movie the ten commandments released ?
3 what was the ventura county police department that seized the county 's largest amount of hard drug ever ?
0 what 's the proud claim to fame of the young adult who formed kappa alpha theta ?
1 what was the name of the protestant rebellion against the supremacy of the pope ?
1 what is a concern of rejection ?
2 what does the `` speed of light '' stand for in the equation e=mspeed of light2 ?
3 What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Craft ?
1 What can I use to remove the stubborn gummed labels from some diskettes ?
3 who was the first american poet to win the nobel prize for literature , in 1948 ?
4 Where is `` Global Schoolhouse '' ?
0 What was the verdict in the trial of Lizzie Borden ?
5 How many people live in cities ?
3 who shared a new york city apartment with roger maris the year he hit 61 home plate runs ?
3 what well-known music attribute is the father of an adopted son named hans christian henderson ?
3 who portrayed maggio in the movie from here to eternity ?
0 why did the shea & gould jurisprudence firm leave los angeles ?
5 how many dollar a day did arthur frommer say you could get by on in europe in 1968 ?
1 what are the signs of a nation going into a recession ?
0 what happens when lightning strikes a body of binary compound ?
3 what police effect did mack sennett create ?
3 United Nations agency was the 15th century fire-and-brimstone monk United Nations agency gained control of florence but ended burnt at the stake ?
1 what did woody allen call the japanese gangster movie he dubbed into english as a comedy ?
3 what russian composer 's prelude in c sharp minor brought him fame and luck ?
0 What does Las Vegas mean ?
3 what basketball player is credited with 23 , 924 rebound ?
4 where is the official `` zero '' of the sea floor ?
3 what institution tabulates the ballots in voting for the academy awards ?
1 what mixed drink inspired john doxat to write the book stirred-not shaken ?
3 What was the name of the director of the movie `` Jaws '' ?
5 what time does wee willie winkie run through the municipality ?
1 What J.R.R. Tolkien book features Bilbo Baggins as the central character ?
0 What is the origin of the name Igor ?
3 who is john macarthur , 1767-1834 ?
1 which kind of submarine was bought recently by south korea ?
5 When did Muhammad live ?
5 What year was the setting for American Graffiti ?
0 what 's the mount of john le carre 's a small town in germany ?
1 name the 5 words that use all of the letters in the alphabet , except q , with no periodic event .
0 how did u.s.a become involved in the barbary wars
4 Where can one find Mozambique ?
1 what is a term for behavior , appearance , or expression that violates the accepted standards of sexual quality ?
5 what was einstein 's iq ?
4 what strait link the mediterranean sea and the atlantic ocean ?
5 how many airline educational institution are there in the u.s. ?
1 What sport was the first televised in the U.S. ?
3 what storehouse claims to be the world 's largest department storehouse ?
3 when the tutankhamun evidence was on display in the u.s. , what moving company transported it ?
3 who won the battle of gettysburg ?
3 who were the 1974 oscar winner ?
3 what two us biochemist won the nobel prize in medicine in 1992 ?
5 how many linear unit apart are adjacent pins in tenpin bowling ?
3 what radio , tv and movie character did jackie gleason and william bendix play ?
3 what piano company claims its product is the `` instrument of the celebrity '' ?
4 where can one find information on religion and health , the genius and nutrition ?
1 what is a emotion of thunder ?
1 what rabbit got its name because its ears resembled those of a fool ?
5 a normal human pregnancy lasts how many calendar month ?
1 What do penguins eat ?
5 how many frames does a phonograph record camera shoot ?
4 What city gained renown for its pea-soup fogs ?
1 what line of luggage is named after a famous american aviator ?
1 what are the ritual accompanying the circumcision of a newly born-child in judaism called ?
3 what japanese business is known for both its pianos and its motorcycles ?
5 how many multitude own pets ?
4 what is the world 's highest limit ?
5 How hot should the oven be when baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
4 where did bill gates go to body ?
1 what piece of adornment is pictured on monopoly 's luxury tax space ?
0 what is the origin of the ethnic collection `` caucasian '' ?
1 what performance are held in new york this week ?
3 What is the best distance education university or college ?
4 Where 's the 19th hole on a golf course ?
5 what is the chemical reactivity of chemical element ?
5 how much alkaloid is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?
3 who played the championship role in the romantic englishwoman ?
4 What Peruvian city is home to the mummified body of Francisco Pizarro ?
3 who founded the unification church ?
1 what is a term for behavior , appearance , or construction that violates the accepted standards of sexual morality ?
5 what is the dimension of border between the ukraine and russia ?
1 what words in the english have two u 's rear to rear ?
5 how many column inch over six feet is tom selleck ?
1 what is the quickest and easiest manner to get nail polish out of clothes ?
1 what is a language unit whose letters can be rearranged to form a different language unit ?
1 What did Thomas Paine write ?
4 mississippi has what name for a administrative district nickname ?
5 how many endangered species are there in the worldly concern ?
5 how many physical entity orbit the earth ?
5 what is the all-time stock certificate high of apple computer , and where can i find this information ?
5 approximately how much does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black trap ?
0 What is chromatology ?
5 what was the death fee at the eruption of mount pinatubo ?
4 where did the 6th annual gathering of indonesia-malaysia forest experts take place ?
1 what is celebrated during the workweek of february 21-27 ?
3 what tv comediennes 's characters include former movie celestial body nora desmond , secretary mrs. wiggins and a housewife named eunice ?
4 where are the leading medical groups specializing in respiratory organ diseases ?
3 who asked the musical questioning : `` have you ever been to electric lady land ? ''
1 what does an irate car owner call metallic element oxide ?
5 what is the first day of the workweek ?
3 Who came up with the name , El Nino ?
4 what is the largest natural body of water in pennsylvania ?
4 Where is one 's corpus callosum found ?
0 why do oceans contain salt binary compound instead of fresh binary compound ?
5 how much caffeine is in a 16 oz container of coffee ?
1 what 's the language unit of jacques cousteau 's research ship ?
3 who is william wordsworth ?
5 How many hearts does an octopus have ?
0 why does the sunday shine only a short time in alaska ?
1 what are other ways of getting stretch marks besides pregnancy , physical property loss , and physical property lifting ?
0 where did the condition `` 69 '' come from ?
1 What is the largest sculpture in the world ?
4 where is the actor , marion davies , buried ?
1 what tv quiz entertainment left the air in 1975 to the tune of vera lynn 's we 'll meet again ?
4 what are the largest room in the us ?
1 which thrilled taste buds first - snickers or 3 musketeers ?
1 what is the name of the michelangelo graphic art that shows two hands with fingers touching ?
4 What was the birthplace of Edgar Allen Poe ?
5 how old was lucille ball when the entertainment `` i love lucy '' premiered ?
4 name an artwork gallery in new york .
0 what is the title to fame of agra , india ?
3 what chocolate company gives you a one-pound touch ?
3 who said `` what contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my meal ? ''
3 who makes the `` die hard '' car battery ?
0 what is the historical relationship of catholic church and board game ?
1 What is the only modern language that capitalizes its singular first-person pronoun ?
0 What does `` saute '' mean ?
4 where can framework be traded on-line ?
1 what formation of candy products included super skrunch and peanut butter oompas ?
1 what character of food makes you fat ?
1 what fast substance is prepared with a `` secret blend of 11 herbs and spices ? ''
4 where can i find info on research being done on oilseeds thru biology ?
4 Where is the actress , Marion Davies , buried ?
4 what south american nation won its first world cup soccer title in 1978 ?
1 what 's the only work by michelangelo that bears his key signature ?
0 how do i e-mail person at aol.com from yahoo.com ?
1 What five-time winner of the Kentucky Derby lost his first 25 races ?
3 what radio , tv and movie imaginary being did jackie gleason and william bendix play ?
1 what visual property is most often used to symbolize truth ?
3 what are the names of jack 's original roommate on three 's company ?
1 What does Knight Ridder publish ?
1 what is a method popularly used to detect birth defects ?
1 What do opposite faces of a die always add up to ?
1 what is the best brand for a portable computer computer ?
1 what kind of sport is often associated with bully ?
1 what type of organism is the easiest kept pet there is ?
5 what is the average hours per calendar month spent online by aol users ?
5 how long does it take for your body to restore lineage after you donate your lineage ?
1 what is the term that describes a discussion where only one usage has been recorded in all literature ?
1 what diversion was the first televised in the u.s. ?
0 What are amphibians ?
0 how do you determine if a machine monitor has an svga adapter ?
3 who was the first american citizen awarded the albert medal of the society of arts ?
3 who followed willy brandt as chancellor of the federal republic of germany ?
3 what louisiana senator won a seat that had been held by his parent and mother ?
4 what state of matter did anita bryant represent in the 1959 miss america contest ?
4 what do most traveler visit in reims ?
3 what architect originated the glass building designed the chicago federal center had a philosophy of `` less is more , '' and produced plans that were the forerunner of the california ranch building ?
0 what is the origin of the proverb `` a stitch in fourth dimension saves nine '' ?
1 What are emblazoned on the Jolly Roger ?
4 Where can I find lyrics for R&B ?
4 what 's the natural object 's largest cathedral ?
1 what product did robert conrad dare group to knock off his shoulder ?
1 what aesop 's legend has the moral : `` the race is not always to the swift. slow and steady is bound to win '' ?
1 for what disease is the drug sinemet used as a care ?
4 where can i get piano music for the jamiroquai song everyday for the musical instrument digital interface ?
3 what former president 's daughter has written a book titled murder in the white house ?
1 what category of species is the monster in the film `` jaws '' ?
0 how do ship's company cut paper so thin ?
5 What date is Boxing Day ?
0 what are the words to `` my way '' written by paul anka ?
3 what u.s. general was court-martialled for criticizing american gas power ?
1 name a proficiency widely used to detect birth defects ?
1 what kind of meaning is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?
4 what constellation represents a orion with club and shield ?
1 what is the language unit of the song that dracula plays on the organ ?
4 what asian country once thrilled to the sport of cricket fight ?
1 name the force 's cologne that is associated with the sea .
3 who was the mother of the man who would not be king , the duke of windsor ?
3 who said `` give me liberty or give me change '' ?
3 what u.s. vice-corporate executive said : `` some newspapers dispose of their garbage by printing it '' ?
1 what is chronic constipation a evidence of ?
0 for what rational motive did some san diego schools stop serving apples ?
3 Who does data collection in tourism ?
1 what jewish holiday saw the beginning of the 1973 mideast war ?
4 where are the leading medical abstraction specializing in lung diseases ?
0 What does the term `` spaghetti western '' mean ?
1 What is the name of the American literary era that includes 1896 ?
3 what language unit does the world know renaissance artist kyriakos theotokopoulos by ?
1 what card plot has variations called canfield , klondike and spider ?
3 what famous actor made her first appearance on stage at the age of five in the year 191 as `` baby '' ?
0 what are manifest and latent function explanation ?
5 How many Stradivarius violins were ever made ?
3 Who was the architect of Central Park ?
5 what seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance data ?
5 how long was the tv deputation of star trek 's enterprise to be ?
1 what caribbean fad did marcus garvey originate ?
4 what u.s. state of matter are the finger lakes in ?
1 what 's the most popular liaison lens color ?
1 what is the name of kevin costner 's product about sioux indians ?
1 what animal causes the biggest threat to homo ?
4 What is a country that starts with the letter x ?
0 What are people doing to help prevent the extinction of birds ?
4 jackson pollock was a person of what country ?
4 Where can I find a person 's address from a telephone number ?
0 what 's the olympic saying ?
3 who was the first governor of west virginia ?
3 What are the residents of the island of Lesbos called ?
1 what cleansing agent was touted as being `` for people who like people '' ?
1 what are the historical attempt following world war ii called ?
0 what is tumbled rock ?
0 how can i get person 's phone number if i only have their screen name ?
3 What cheery fellow got the ZIP code 9971 from the U.S. Postal Service in 1963 ?
3 what was called the world 's largest division store ?
3 who was named admiral of the ocean seas and viceroy and governor general of all the islands he might discover , and also granted 10-?? of all profits of his voyage .
1 what two tube fought the first sea battle between iron-covered ships ?
1 what substance did joseph priestley name for its ability to erase pencil businessman ?
5 how many ballplayer occupy the shelf beside the crouching woman in edgar degas 's 1886 painting the tub ?
3 who was the first woman governor of wyoming ?
4 What river flows through Vienna , Budapest and Belgrade ?
3 What director made one silent and one sound version of The Ten Commandments ?
4 what london thoroughfare is the home of british journalism ?
0 where does the countenance `` cloud nine '' come from ?
0 what were the first words spoken on a film sound property track ?
1 what chess consequence results when a player has no legal move ?
5 When was the first successful heart transplant for a human ?
1 what is a golf game equipment made of ?
0 Why does a candle need a wick ?
1 what 's the no. 1 killer in industrialized countries ?
5 when did the jurassic period extremity ?
1 what instrumentality provided a new way to listen to music in 1963 ?
5 how many fourth dimension does the tide ebb and flow each day ?
1 In what film did Steven Spielberg 's dog star as the main character 's dog ?
1 what was the name of that popular birdcall the creeps sang ?
1 what was the name of the u.s. 's first manned quad program ?
1 What does it take to be a hero ?
4 what russian seaport has a name message `` lord of the east '' ?
0 What does the word affiant mean ?
4 which manner do you turn your bic to increase the flame - clockwise or counterclockwise ?
1 what kind of coinage is the monster in the film `` jaws '' ?
1 what 's bottled in king ?
1 what kind of lawsuit did true hepcats wear in 1942 ?
1 what is the word for love of symptom or abuse ?
5 What 's the first day of the week ?
1 What drink is the best thirst-quencher ?
0 why do we ask for the `` check '' and not the beak at a restaurant ?
3 what professional-general ordered the closing of alcatraz ?
1 what was the name of the 1899 policy forced on china by which all nations had equal trading abstraction ?
3 what are the name of jack 's original roommates on three 's company ?
3 who lived on the shores of the gitchee gumee river ?
1 What is the mission of Nike ?
3 who was the most famous food editor of the new york times ?
3 who banned peter rose from baseball for betting on plot ?
5 what is the average cost for four class of medical school ?
1 in which tennessee williams play is one of the characters killed and devoured by a crowd of starving children ?
5 what proportion of americans own their homes ?
4 Where can I find up-to-date coastal ocean surface temperature information , preferably along North America and the Caribbean ?
4 Where did the myth of Santa Claus originate ?
1 What 's the biggest-selling U.S. magazine aimed at a black audience ?
3 who manufactures the software , `` photoshop '' ?
0 in waugh 's `` a handful of dust , '' what does the mad old man force the hero to do every afternoon ?
4 what is web site of the international court of justice ?
1 what is a concern of pregnancy ?
1 what is a fear of rest ?
3 what nobel honoree was expelled from the philippines before the conference on east timor ?
1 what hermann hesse book gave its name to a rock abstraction ?
4 what was the former residence of scottish sovereign in edinburgh ?
5 what is the horsepower of the shuttle booster ?
3 what two historical figures , United Nations agency fought each other in a famous battle , each have a food named after them ?
1 what baseball outcome required nine musket ball in 1879 , eight musket ball in 1880 and seven musket ball in 1881 ?
0 what does photographic equipment-ready art mean ?
3 who wrote the birdcall , `` stardust '' ?
1 what irwin allen bomb has richard widmark saying he 'll be `` the first officer in history to get his butt kicked by a mess of microbe ! '' ?
1 What animal do buffalo wings come from ?
3 who is buried in the great pyramid of giza ?
3 What is the name of the company that manufactures the `` American Girl '' doll collection ?
1 In which Tennessee Williams play is one of the characters killed and devoured by a mob of starving children ?
1 what are the two communication of malta ?
4 what natural elevation range is traversed by the highest railroad in the world ?
3 who was the supreme god of germanic belief ?
4 what nation has problems with hooligans ?
0 what is the c planning language ?
1 What do the Japanese call Japan ?
0 what is the musical composition stairway to heaven by led zeppelin about ?
0 what speech act did alexander butterfield make to the senate watergate committee ?
0 what was the reason for the partition of the anglican and vatican church service ?
1 what sports press has the largest circulation ?
3 what famous coach said `` if you can 't beat 'em in the alley , you can 't beat 'em on the methamphetamine '' ?
0 what 's the meaning of the latin battle utterance : ad arma , ad arma .
3 Who is section manager for guidance and control systems at JPL ?
1 what magazine paid $5 , 000 for an eight-millimeter film of john f. kennedy 's defamation ?
4 where can i find message on the cyclone that hit new jersey on 8/28/1941 ?
3 what president was meant for , but never placed in , the empty crypt beneath the das kapital 's rotunda ?
1 what is the concern of cockroaches called ?
5 in what year was the first patent for the pull-tab start on cans obtained ?
3 which vietnamese radical is now a un delegate in doonesbury ?
5 how much of the political unit 's children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` the simpsons ' ?
4 where can i get a photograph of academician randolph quirk ?
4 name the largest nation in south america .
0 What is a virtual IP address ?
3 Who invented basketball ?
1 what is the word for someone who hates mankind ?
3 who was considered to be the founder of psychology ?
0 what characteristics contribute to its `` news '' ?
5 what class did the united states pass the copyright law ?
3 who used auh2o as an election slogan ?
1 what is dudley do-right 's knight 's name ?
1 in ad 999 , what kind of celebrations , fears , were there ?
3 what field hockey player did ronald reagan joke he would swap texas for ?
4 what is the computer for the usa journal ?
5 how many domestic were milking ?
3 What Cruise Line does Kathie Lee Gifford advertise for ?
0 what is real fourth dimension processing ?
4 what is the second highest mountain peak in the natural object ?
3 who played the title character in my favorite martian ?
5 what class was the first automobile manufactured ?
3 what fast-food magnate 's initials graced the left sleeve of the san diego padres ' baseball clothing in 1984 ?
1 what is a emotion of disease ?
3 who made the most appearance in the center square on hollywood squares ?
0 what does the discussion `` meta '' mean ?
0 What prompted the co-pilot of the Enola Gay to enter only `` My God '' in his log ?
5 how many group was randy craft convicted of killing ?
3 What Spanish artist painted Crucifixion ?
3 what player squats an average of 3 times during a ball game doubleheader ?
4 what is the language unit of the planet that the ewoks live on ?
3 what is the best college in the nation ?
3 what is a society ruled by elder ?
3 who is the queen of holland ?
4 name the political unit which honecker lived in .
3 who played maria in the movie west side story ?
1 What 's the second-most-used vowel in English ?
1 what future movie treat was introduced to american migrant in 1603 by native americans ?
5 how many url propagation are there ? and what are they ?
1 What Erica Jong novel deals with Isadora Wing 's fear ?
4 What is the oldest website on the Internet ?
1 what is the folklore story regarding vertebrate ' nests and vertebrate in christmas trees ?
0 What is the difference between khaki and chino ?
0 what causes infectious disease ?
0 what is the difference between credence and determinism ?
3 which one of the original seven mercury program astronauts did not fly on any of the mercury formation ?
3 what onetime extremity of ronald reagan 's cabinet called federal policy toward indians `` an example of the failure of socialism '' ?
3 who is the actor bette davis once said she wished she looked like ?
1 what household products are there for person acne ?
5 how much did mercury spend on promotion in 1993 ?
5 what is maurizio pellegrin 's long time ?
5 how long ago was the roe vs. wade decisiveness by the supreme court ?
3 who gave abbie hoffman his first dose of lsd ?
3 who was the writer of the novel `` far from the madding crowd '' ?
4 What two countries are linked by the Brenner Pass ?
0 how do you identify prime book ?
3 What actress holds the record for the most appearances on the cover of Life ?
1 what is the most advanced handheld expert in the world ?
1 what are the first six speech of dickens 's a tale of two cities ?
0 how do fuel appliance work ?
0 how can i find a phone number of someone if i only know their electronic mail address ?
1 what was spawned the word `` mig alley '' ?
4 jackson pollock was a native of what nation ?
5 how much do tuberculosis combatting agent cost ?
3 what was the language unit of randy steven craft 's lawyer ?
1 what 's the international radio code language unit for the letter b ?
4 what city boasts penn 's landing , on the savings bank of the delaware river ?
3 what catch-22 character is elected mayor of half a dozen italian city ?
1 what did people use to freshen their bodily process before toothpaste ?
5 what day is richard nixon 's birthday ?
1 What is the most famous German word in the English language ?
1 What terror of the sea did Johnny Horton sing about ?
3 name a canine cartoon character other than huckleberry hound to have a sound by daws butler .
0 how do you clean up a hoard ?
0 how do i find if my person were on the trail of tears ?
1 what were hairy bank notes in the animal skin trade ?
0 what are the limits to `` self-military action ? ''
4 what are the four largest natural elevation ranges in the continental united states ?
3 Who is reputed to be the greatest maker of violins ?
4 What ocean surrounds the Maldive Islands ?
0 why do they call it a `` funny connective tissue '' ?
1 what is the organism for notre dame university ?
0 how can a foreigner get a u.s. social security paper ?
0 what 's the proud claim to honor of the young women who formed kappa alpha theta ?
1 what after-meal treat was invented in 1916 at the george jung noodle factory in los angeles ?
3 who was the president of vichy france ?
3 Who said `` Give me liberty or give me death '' ?
1 What kind of species is the monster in the film `` Jaws '' ?
1 what activity is fatal to anybody over 21 ?
1 in hemingway 's `` old man and the sea , '' what category of fish does the old man catch ?
3 who was the architect of central park ?
1 what does it take to be a leader ?
3 what singer became despondent over the death of freddie prinze , quit show enterprise , and then quit the enterprise ?
1 What did Mr. Magoo flog on TV for General Electric ?
1 what harmonium contains the islands of langerhans ?
0 what are some juvenile 's rights ?
0 how is abigail arcane related to the villainous opponent of the swamp thing ?
3 what message can you tell me about actor james cromwell ?
4 what administrative district does charles robb represent ?
1 what rum is so `` mixable '' it is a one-name bar ?
1 what 's the largest letter in salvador dali 's key signature ?
5 how much waste does an average dairy cattle produce in a day ?
5 where does the u.s. rank and file among world countries in area ?
5 what percentage of all worldly concern tornados touch down in the us ?
3 what u.s. president showed a fondness for munching on hymenopterous insect pollen bars ?
0 what are faults in the ground 's crust ?
4 where can i find information on becoming a writer ?
1 Where is the human skin least sensitive ?
4 what u.s. administrative district does the continental divide leave to enter canada ?
5 what year did the united states pass the copyright law ?
5 What is the average life expectancy of a male in Ireland in 1996 ?
0 what is the beginning of the word nevermind ?
5 how many mines can still be found in the falklands after the military action ended ?
3 who owns the rights on a tv program ?
0 What are tannins ?
0 where did the saying `` concept of thumb '' come from ?
1 what aesop 's fable has the moral : `` the race is not always to the meat packer. slow and steady is bound to win '' ?
3 whose husband have included conrad hilton jr. , and michael wilding ?
3 who was chosen to be the first black presiding officer of the military joint chiefs of staff ?
0 How can I find a phone number of someone if I only know their email address ?
0 What 's the difference between J.D. and LL.M. ?
3 Who accompanied Space Ghost on his missions ?
3 who was the star witness at the senate watergate hearings ?
3 what asian person was known as the little brown saint ?
3 whose first presidential command was : `` let 's get this goddamn thing airborne '' ?
3 who is the president of the spanish politics ?
4 what is the oldest ethnological museum in the natural object ?
3 which member of charlie 's angels sang vocal music for josie and the pussycats ?
1 what do homo catch zoonose diseases from ?
0 How effective are condoms in protecting against AIDS ?
5 What is the weight of air ?
1 what was the language unit of the flight that fawaz younis hijacked ?
4 what sound property does olympia , washington , overlook ?
0 what was nine tailors , the television appearance from 1974 , about ?
4 What South American country won its first World Cup soccer title in 1978 ?
3 who won the superbowl in ?
3 who was ben casey 's boss ?
3 What future Soviet dictator was training to be a priest when he got turned on to Marxism ?
3 What was the role of the Medieval Guild ?
0 why does the star shine only a short time in alaska ?
3 who did the seven mules block for ?
1 Which is the largest clock , diameter wise , in Europe ?
5 what share of american men are alcoholic ?
3 who played maria in the product west side story ?
1 what 's the word for broken glass or sharp rocks embedded in cementum on top of a wall ?
3 what u.s. vice-president said : `` some newspaper dispose of their garbage by printing it '' ?
0 what is the origin of the language unit ` posh ' ?
1 what 's the highest-ranking suit in structure ?
3 who are the top 10 richest multitude in the world ?
1 what is the direction for eggs benedict ?
3 what singer 's hit musical composition inspired the dolly parton stallone movie rhinestone ?
0 What is Butterfield 8 in Butterfield 8 ?
1 what helping is formed of tequila , orange juice and galliano ?
0 how can i find a list of , duplicator and or email , addresses for human resource departments in massachusetts ?
1 What are the four most widely-used languages in North America ?
1 what was the activity system in the 1960 's ?
3 which of the following tv newsmen was a rhodes intellectual ?
3 what college contact sport team did knute rockne build into a power ?
4 what is the oldest construction in the united states ?
5 what is the first sidereal day of the week ?
0 How do I know how much money to save for retirement ?
0 what is the point of the word marijuana ?
3 who fired maria ybarra from her position in san diego administrative unit ?
5 how long does it take actinic radiation to reach the earth from the sun ?
1 what 's the word for broken looking glass or sharp rocks embedded in cement on top of a wall ?
3 who does shakespeare 's antonio borrow 3 , 0 ducats from ?
1 what is the world 's best selling cake ?
5 what are the unemployment statistics for the time of life 1965 and 1990 ?
2 What does the number `` 5 '' stand for on FUBU clothing ?
5 what is the recomended age to switch a juvenile from a crib to a bed ?
1 What William Makepeace Thackeray novel was made into a film by Stanley Kubrick ?
5 how many bone are there in the human hand ?
4 what georgia town did scarlett o 'hara condemn as being full of pushy group ?
3 what u.s. body boasts the largest library ?
0 What is Greek pita ?
3 rotary locomotive cars were made by what company ?
4 Where can I get a complete listing of showtimes in my area ?
4 what is one of the municipality that the university of minnesota is located in ?
3 What New York Yankee was known as The Iron Horse ?
5 what is the average age of a associate of the team that worked on the manhatten project ?
4 What is the principal river of Ireland ?
1 what line of candy intersection included super skrunch and peanut butter oompas ?
4 What country in 1998 had the most suicides regardless of population size ?
5 in what time period was gandhi assassinated ?
0 for what cause did some san diego schools stop serving apples ?
5 what are the odds of giving birth to crystal ?
1 what is the name of the kids ' appearance from canadian public tv with the singing pineapple ?
4 what landmark italian building can be found at 239 west 48th street , new york city ?
5 What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?
5 what proportion of world 's fresh water is found in canada ?
3 Who were the four famous founders of United Artists ?
0 how do they find or choose spectator to an execution ?
0 in the birdcall `` yankee doodle , '' why did yankee doodle stick a feather in his cap and call it macaroni ?
0 why can 't women serve in the navy on committee submarines ?
0 what is the quality between a median and a mean ?
3 who is karenna gore , al gore 's oldest daughter , married to ?
3 Name Pittsburgh 's baseball team .
5 how many natural elevation have been named for presidents in the continental usa ?
3 who replies `` i know '' to princess leia 's admission `` i love you '' in the empire strikes back ?
1 what meal food has ridges ?
5 What is the chromosome number of an elephant ?
1 what color is the adornment along each side of a coho salmon ?
5 what is the amount of money owed for illegally having a canine on a beach ?
5 how many people died on south carolina highway in 1998 ?
1 what is the best brand for a laptop machine ?
1 What kind of car did Janis Joplin ask the Lord to buy her ?
1 what 's the word for broken glass or sharp rock 'n' roll embedded in cement on top of a wall ?
4 which city in china has the largest amount of foreign financial companies ?
1 what is the belt of low atmospheric pressure around the equator called ?
1 what rum is so `` mixable '' it is a one-brand browning automatic rifle ?
3 who portrayed field marshal erwin rommel in the desert fox ?
3 Who invented the game Scrabble ?
1 name of king arthur 's sword ?
3 who was the conservationist who served as advocate for post grape nuts ?
3 who wrote `` the pit and the pendulum '' ?
4 where is the world championship sled dog subspecies held each february ?
0 what 's distinctive about a palmiped 's vertebrate foot ?
0 Why does cotton get caught in belly buttons ?
3 What king was forced to agree to the Magna Carta ?
3 who starred in the movie the war of the worlds ?
5 when was general manuel noriega ousted as the leader of panama and turned over to u.s. polity ?
3 which doonesbury character was likely to turn into a mythical monster ?
3 who reports the weather on the `` good morning america '' television appearance ?
0 how does marijuana lead to other drug ?
1 What creature scares people in the film `` Jaws '' ?
4 what is the largest u.s. state of matter east of the mississippi ?
3 who shared a new york city apartment with roger maris the year he hit 61 home streak ?
1 What TV series features the adventures of a married couple named Jonathan and Jennifer ?
1 What disease did August von Wassermann develop a specific test for in 196 ?
5 how much department of energy is released when oxygen and hydrogen mix ?
1 what product featured a snarly character named kid shelleen ?
1 what credit card features a centurion on its external body part ?
1 name the operating system that runs on ibm-compatible machine .
4 which nation is australia 's largest export market ?
3 who made a boat out of gopher plant material ?
4 What country 's royal house is Bourbon-Parma ?
3 What baseball player was known as Charley Hustle ?
2 What is DEET ?
1 Ray Charles plays which instrument ?
3 who is the son-in-law of sen. everett dirkson who was also a legislator in the '70 's ?
5 In what year was actress Joan Collins born ?
4 where is there message on the novel `` el cid '' ?
1 name four famous cartoon feline .
3 who directed citizen kane ?
1 what is the fastest commercial motor vehicle that can be bought in the us ?
1 what piece of jewelry is pictured on monopoly 's luxury tax attribute ?
3 what celebrity couple , when going through a divorce , divided their toilet newspaper into two equal piles ?
0 why do n't you guys have some sort of social event where you ask a question and whoever finds the answers wins a prize ?
1 what is the most commonly used 1 letter discussion in the english language ?
4 what city 's theatrical region has been dubbed the roaring forties ?
1 what meaning did joseph priestley name for its ability to erase pencil marks ?
3 who was the first american writer to win the nobel prize for literature , in 1948 ?
3 what basketball contestant is credited with 23 , 924 rebounds ?
3 what tv character said ; `` one of these sidereal day , alice , pow , right in the kisser '' ?
3 what famous new york city mayor wrote the hit birdcall , `` will you love me in december as you do in may ? ''
1 What type of bridge is the Golden Gate Bridge ?
1 what product 's ads claim that it `` eliminates odors , kills unit germs , mold , and mildew '' ?
1 what was the name of the formation that fawaz younis hijacked ?
1 what color were ernest hemingway 's opinion ?
5 what was einstein 's iq ?
1 what explosive do you get by mixing charcoal , sulfur and nitrate ?
0 what are hook worm ?
1 what international amateur sport spectacle was first telecast in 1956 ?
3 what major airline has the best safety evidence in the world ?
4 what alcove sparkles next to miami , florida ?
1 which dressing refers to itself as `` real '' dressing ?
5 When did Charles Lindbergh die ?
0 what are the short- and long-term effects of underage drink ?
1 what is a technique popularly used to detect birth imperfection ?
3 Who won the rugby world cup in ?
5 When did the Berlin Wall go up ?
0 What is the 401 , K , plan ?
4 What river flows past the Temple of Karnak ?
1 what william styron book is about a black preacher who leads a slave conflict ?
3 who are the top 10 richest people in the world ?
4 what country is located at 13 property north latitude and 10 property east longitude ?
0 how does james bond like his cocktail ?
1 what is a term for activity , appearance , or expression that violates the accepted standards of sexual morality ?
3 What are the names of Richard Nixon 's two daughters ?
1 what does the statue of liberty wear on her vertebrate foot ?
4 what state of matter was named the green mountain state of matter ?
3 who was the girl in peter sellers 's soup ?
0 How do storms form ?
5 where does the u.s. rank among natural object countries in area ?
3 What writer-journalist made his mark describing colorful Broadway and underworld characters ?
4 in what nation is lund ?
4 what countries does the mont blanc tunnel union ?
1 what dropped 1 , 313 animal foot in 1980 ?
3 what occupation or agencies would do an employment verification ?
4 name an art audience in new york .
1 what do i call the sons and daughters of my first cousin ?
1 what color are educational institution buses ?
1 what color , s , appear on boxes of kodak product ?
1 what 's the second-most-used phone in english ?
0 What is typhoid fever ?
4 what famed part of land is a 15-minute boat trip across the venetian lagoon from venice ?
3 who is the antichrist ?
5 how many spaces follow a period at the goal of a sentence ?
5 What is the frequency of VHF ?
1 what 1965 movie had jack lemmon portraying a cartoonist ?
4 what body of body of water does the yukon river empty into ?
0 What did the only repealed amendment to the U.S. Constitution deal with ?
0 how can you contact play producer and promoters on-line ?
3 Who makes chicken `` finger lickin '' good ?
5 how many time period does the tide ebb and flow each day ?
4 What is the capital of Kosovo ?
3 Rotary engines were manufactured by which company ?
5 how many United States liquid unit of water go over niagra falls every second ?
5 How many emperors were there in the Roman Empire ?
1 what is the former language unit of zimbabwe ?
3 who leads the star ship enterprise in star trek ?
3 who claims to have the greatest show on terrestrial planet ?
1 What color are a cherry tree 's flowers ?
1 what triple crown-winning horse took the 1973 belmont stakes by 31 duration ?
0 what is the evidence that houseplants metabolize carcinogens ?
5 what year was the first car manufactured ?
3 Which one of the original seven Mercury program astronauts did not fly on any of the Mercury flights ?
5 how many component are there on a backgammon board ?
1 what is the name of the kids ' show from canadian public tv with the musical performance pineapple ?
5 When was Berlin 's Brandenburg gate erected ?
0 what is the origin of the typing practice sentence `` now is the time for all good work force to come to the aid of their country '' ?
3 who was the first adult of person to person ?
1 what was dwight eisenhower 's favorite card activity ?
1 what hide-and-seek game is played around a metallic element can ?
1 what is the quickest and easiest property to get nail polish out of clothes ?
4 Where can I look at a perpetual calendar ?
0 what are fortune 500 institution ?
0 What is different about the red and black fox ?
5 How many layers does a bottle of Yoo-Hoo settle into ?
0 What does `` intractable plantar keratoma '' mean ?
3 what was contact sport star elroy hirsch 's nickname ?
3 which of the following force was not married to rita hayworth ?
3 what ivy league educational institution plays its home games at palmer stadium ?
3 who markets spaghetti-o 's ?
3 who was confucius ?
5 how many knight died during the civil war ?
5 how many pitchers occupy the ledge beside the crouching woman in edgar degas 's 1886 painting the tub ?
3 What is a person called that likes fire ?
1 what coloring material tennis balls are used at wimbledon ?
0 What do economists do ?
5 what is columbia tristar 's phone act ?
1 What class of animals makes up more than two-thirds of known species ?
4 what are the names of all the seas in the natural object and what ocean do they drain into ?
3 whose funeral string traveled from washington d.c. to springfield , illinois ?
3 who was secretary of state during the nixon administration ?
1 what judith rossner novel was made into a product starring diane keaton ?
1 who were john f. kennedy 's dogs ?
1 what beer 's language unit is translated as `` lion brew '' ?
0 why is the moon different magnitude and colors ?
5 How much was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
3 what hockey contestant did ronald reagan joke he would swap texas for ?
3 what is `` the airline built for professional person '' ?
1 what product features a amphibian that says `` dig 'em '' ?
3 what occupation exports the sparkling wine spumante ?
0 why do some jets have a vapor lead , and others do not ?
0 What 's the difference and advantages of selecting a Super VHS VCR over plain VHS model ?
5 what class was the naacp founded ?
0 what 's the meaning of the latin struggle cry : ad arma , ad arma .
3 who has won the most super bowls ?
3 who said : `` the victor will never be asked if he told the fact '' ?
1 what is the best-selling publication of all time ?
3 what camera ship's company said , `` if you haven 't got the time , we 've got the camera ? ''
1 in ad 999 , what sort of celebrations , concern , were there ?
1 in hemingway 's `` old adult and the sea , '' what kind of fish does the old adult catch ?
4 Where can I find a case on Americans with Disabilities Act of 199 ?
5 how many official work a soccer game ?
4 where was helium first discovered , hence its language unit ?
2 What does NASDAQ stand for ?
5 how many writing style are in the bible ?
1 what name of white rum is still made in cuba ?
1 what 's the language unit of a golf course in myrtle beach ?
1 what 's the word for a limestone deposit rising from the floor of a cave ?
1 what two flag are you blind to if you suffer from protanopia ?
0 what is the deviation between khaki and chino ?
1 what board activity does a `` wood-pusher '' play poorly ?
4 where did gulliver find a subspecies of tiny people ?
1 what iris flies over wake island ?
5 how long does a pawl sleep ?
1 what oldtime kids ' fare did tv guide writer jeff greenfield call `` one of the most...subversive tv appearance in american history '' ?
1 at christmas fourth dimension , what is the traditional thing to do under the mistletoe ?
5 what percentage of the silver act is done by independent silversmiths ?
1 what line of candy commodity included super skrunch and peanut butter oompas ?
0 how is body of water treated to make it safe to drink ?
5 how many different political unit export coffee ?
3 who was the second causal agent ever to wear iron man 's armor ?
3 who plays infielder for charlie brown 's baseball team ?
1 What is a fear of speaking ?
3 what famous movie and tv cowboy lent his name to a fast food chain ?
5 How many people did Randy Steven Craft murder ?
0 how is abigail arcane related to the villainous opposition of the swamp thing ?
1 What is the only animal that can turn its stomach inside out ?
0 how would causal agent go about becoming an organ donor ?
4 name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway instrumentality ?
4 where can i find a magnetic tape or book to help me say , write and understand japanese ?
4 What North American city boasts the biggest Polish population ?
1 what are the rites accompanying the circumcision of a newly born-juvenile in judaism called ?
3 What non-conformist abstract painter was dubbed Jack The Dripper by Time ?
1 what organism was the heat-seeking missile called the sidewinder named for ?
4 In 139 the papal court was forced to move from Rome to where ?
0 What caused an adjournment of the 25th anniversary session of the United Nations General Assembly ?
3 Which radio stations air the Jim Bohannon Radio Talk Show ?
0 what is case ?
3 who was the first jockey to ride two triple crown winners ?
1 what tv series featured neal , a cocktail-drinking st. bernard ?
1 what is the brand language unit of daminozide ?
4 what 's the das kapital of monaco ?
0 how can i find online spelling , and interruption drills for my 6th grader ?
5 when was the first sword mill in the united states built ?
3 what was the name of darth vader 's male offspring ?
3 what was the ventura county police division that seized the county 's largest amount of cocaine ever ?
3 Who created the Fantastic Four , Hulk , and Thor ?
0 how do chickens have baby chick ?
3 what relative of leo tolstoy translated war and peace eight time period ?
5 how many flag are there in a rainbow ?
1 what is a fear of passing high aim ?
0 what causes panic attack ?
1 what 's the largest u.s. agricultural crop by physical property ?
3 who spoke the only word in mel brooks 's silent movie ?
1 what whisky is `` known by the ship's company it keeps '' ?
5 what was the price of varian associates ' void products division ?
5 how many furlongs are there in a mile-and-a-one-fourth recetrack ?
4 where can i get keyboard instrument music for the jamiroquai song everyday for the midi ?
5 how many innings are there in a rule softball game ?
3 what ethnic group introduced the idea of ceremony ?
1 what 's the name of jacques cousteau 's research vessel ?
4 what state on the gulf of mexico has its lowest point five vertebrate foot below sea level ?
3 who won two amber medals in skiing in the olympic games in calgary ?
1 What are three ways in which wind is created on the earth ?
5 what is the area of the chappellet vineyard ?
1 what chess outcome results when a player has no legal decision ?
1 what took first gift in omni magazine 's contest to find the `` ultimate unanswerable question '' ?
3 who were the only two bald u.s. presidents ?
3 Who stopped making diary entries on May 31 , 1669 , because he thought he was going blind ?
4 what tokyo street glitters with famed department storehouse and nightclubs ?
0 What are the factors leading to the high teen pregnancy rate in Spartanburg , South Carolina ?
3 what is the language unit of actor rex harrison 's son , who starred in a modestly popular tv show during the late 1960's ?
0 how does lightning locomotion ?
3 what constitution 's offices were broken into at watergate in 1972 ?
4 where did the wright male sibling make their first flight ?
0 what is a greater omentum ?
5 what is the estimated total u.s. whitetail ruminant population ?
4 what 's the farthest planet from the star ?
0 what is a traveler ?
5 how many rows of sprocket holes does a bun of 35-millimeter film have ?
3 Rotary engine cars were made by what company ?
0 how can i enforce new dominion to a group of youngsters who have been allowed to do as they please .
0 where did cannabis come from ?
5 what class did rossetti paint `` beata beatrix '' ?
4 Where is the Kentucky Horse Park located ?
5 how many emperors were there in the roman empire ?
1 What is the most heavily caffeinated soft drink ?
3 who was the mother of the man who would not be sovereign , the duke of windsor ?
1 What is the smallest thing seen under the most powerful microscope , and how big is it ?
1 what 's the colored relation of the eye called ?
0 what is the beginning of music ?
5 how long do cardinal egg incubate ?
0 what qualifications are there for individuals donating liquid body substance ?
1 What card game has variations called Canfield , Klondike and Spider ?
5 what share of the silver production is done by independent silversmiths ?
3 What diminutive American female gymnast stole the show at the 1984 Olympics ?
3 who won the 1967 academy award for best actor ?
4 what is the largest municipality in texas ?
0 how does the chain of command activity inside an us army apache helicopter ?
4 what country boasts the most cars per linear unit of road ?
0 what is nitrox dive ?
1 what measures did clinton take to avoid the gulp ?
1 What is a fear of robbers ?
0 What is Shalom ?
4 what political unit has the most time zones , with 11 ?
1 what substance of the three bears did goldilocks eat ?
3 who is the premier of china ?
1 what 1966 boob tube explosive device took astronauts back to prehistoric times ?
0 what 's the difference between sleet and freeze rain ?
0 what does a red flag mean in auto sport ?
1 what rabbit got its name because its ears resembled those of a jack ?
1 what does final four refer to in the sports natural object ?
0 What are the short- and long-term effects of underage drinking ?
0 what are the major differences in the catholic and methodist belief ?
1 what is the rounded character on the top of a matchbook called ?
4 what is the most useful web site on the internet ?
5 how many multitude live in the falklands ?
5 how many academic degree cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
3 what role do reproductive structure play in the survival of plants ?
4 Where did the real St. Nicholas live ?
3 who are the two sons of ozzie and harriet nelson ?
5 how long does it take the moonlight to revolve around the earth ?
4 what political unit is proud to claim volcano national park ?
1 in kafka 's metamorphosis , the hero awakes one good morning to find himself turned into what ?
5 what is the swine population of the world ?
1 what dangles over the tongue from the surface ?
0 what is the medical condition of high blood pressure ?
0 how is an killer determined ?
1 name the only extant trio of classical greek plays .
5 When was the first American encyclopedia published ?
0 why is the natural object flat , if it started by an explosion , shouldn 't it be a sphere ?
1 what clothing was named for bradley , voorhees and day ?
4 what state full of milk and honey was the end in the grapes of wrath ?
0 What is the distinction of Erle Stanley Gardner 's The Case of the Terrified Typist ?
1 What animal causes the biggest threat to humans ?
1 what implement do you use to crewel ?
4 what state of matter has the most indians ?
2 What does CPR stand for ?
5 how much did a mcdonald 's hamburger price in 1963 ?
4 where did sarge steel get his metal handwriting ?
5 how many years of bad fortune follow breaking a mirror ?
0 What is the origin of the city `` Corpus Christi '' ?
5 When was the first stained glass window made ?
4 what body of water is the source of the white nile ?
1 what 's the southern container made of pigs ' small intestines ?
5 how many feet high is the hurdle in side of a runner 's steeplechase water jump ?
3 Who comprised the now-defunct comic book team known as the Champions ?
1 what kind of organism was winnie the pooh ?
1 what is the name of the musical composition that dracula plays on the organ ?
5 How many people in the world speak French ?
3 what is the last name of lucy and linus from the peanut 's comic part ?
0 how do microwave work ?
5 What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
0 what is the origin of blue for boys and pink for woman ?
4 what former royal palace has served as a granary , prison , arsenal , leper colony , mint , telegraph station and whorehouse before becoming an artwork museum ?
3 what keyboard instrument company claims its product is the `` instrument of the immortals '' ?
5 how fast must a spacecraft locomotion to escape earth 's gravity ?
0 What is the origin of thank you notes ?
0 what are group doing to help prevent the extinction of birds ?
0 What is an arab strap ?
3 what u.s. evil-president once declared : `` if you 've seen one slum , you 've seen them all '' ?
1 What are the 7 Wonders of the World ?
1 What Tom Wolfe book is about the Mercury astronauts ?
5 when was the first successful heart transplant for a homo ?
1 what is the language unit given to the islamic counterpart of the red cross ?
0 How can I transport files from one computer to another ?
1 what is beethoven 's 9th symphony orchestra called ?
4 what las vegas hotel burned in november , 1980 , with the loss of 84 life ?
0 what is the activity of a 24-hour clock instead of a 12-hour clock ?
3 who is zebulon pike ?
3 what ill-fated american general dragged a taurus terrier named willie through world war ii ?
3 who sang the song `` hooked on a feeling '' in the dancing baby happening of `` ally mcbeal '' ?
3 what are the defamation of jacques cousteau 's two sons ?
5 what day of the time period sees the most fatal car accidents ?
4 name an art drift in new york .
1 what are two plant that clothes are made from ?
3 whose acceptance speech of more than 3 minutes prompted a case limit on academy award thank-yous ?
1 what does the statue of liberty wear on her animal foot ?
0 what is a person 's socioeconomic point ?
1 what are some tips for building a fire in a recess ?
0 How do movie blues screens work ?
1 what was the language unit of the sitcom that alyssa milano starred in with tony danza ?
3 who wrote ` the pines of rome ' ?
1 What is the fear of being loved ?
3 what abstraction included abbey hoffman , jerry rubin , and tom hayden ?
1 what oldtime kid ' fare did tv guide writer jeff greenfield call `` one of the most...subversive tv shows in american history '' ?
3 what contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my meal ?
0 what was the rallying utterance of the early american revolutionaries ?
0 what do i have to do to get good grad in school ?
0 what does the term aura hole mean ?
3 what appointments head to richard nixon went to jail ?
0 What is the difference between college and graduate school ?
0 how do you use an computer network ?
5 what time unit is august 13 , 1971 ?
0 what is the order of the arrow in boy scouts ?
0 for what reason did some san diego schools stop serving edible fruit ?
3 name a canine cartoon imaginary being other than huckleberry hound to have a voice by daws butler .
3 What count did Alexandre Dumas write about ?
1 what type of hunting are sporting dog used for ?
2 cnn is the form for what ?
0 how do you stop junk snail message ?
1 What is the largest snake in the world ?
4 what are the name of all the seas in the world and what ocean do they drain into ?
5 how many people are there in the worldly concern ?
3 who domesticated the wild turkey ?
4 What two European countries are joined by the Gran San Bernardo Pass ?
3 who played the title duty in my favorite martian ?
0 what 's an hostel in france ?
5 what is the current population for these country : france , spain , italy , greece , austria , germany , switzerland , the netherlands ?
1 What kind of animal is Babar ?
3 what character in the beverly hillbillies has the given name daisy moses ?
5 How many times does the tide ebb and flow each day ?
0 what is hypersomnia ?
0 what is meant by the term `` yield to maturity '' in reference to bail ?
5 when did the bounty mutiny take seat ?
3 who was america 's first public enemy no. 1 ?
4 in what city is the office of sinn fein ?
0 what is a drive ?
3 what chilean president of the united states was killed in a 1973 coup d 'etat ?
3 which former ku klux klan member won an elected position in the u.s. ?
4 what african political unit is governed from ouagadougou ?
5 What was the price of Varian Associates ' vacuum products division ?
1 Name Li 'l Abner 's favorite Indian drink .
1 the capital callosum is in what part of the body ?
3 what cable system bills itself as `` the family entertainer '' ?
1 what was jimmy durante 's message song ?
1 What infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ?
0 what is the origin of the word soda jerk ?
1 what oldtime kids ' fare did tv guide communicator jeff greenfield call `` one of the most...subversive tv shows in american history '' ?
1 what is the legal blood alcohol limit for the administrative district of california ?
0 how can i look up someone 's e-mail address on the internet ?
1 what was the name of the protestant revolt against the domination of the pope ?
1 What Nantucket shipwreck killed more divers exploring it than the 52 people it sank with ?
1 what did mr. magoo flog on tv for general electric ?
3 who is always trying to get the annuity in advance from andy capp ?
1 what software offers inventors use of cad-like blueprint ?
4 where are the busiest interface in the world ?
0 how did the custom of best man start ?
5 how much waste does an average dairy cow produce in a time unit ?
3 What South African producer had a 1988 profit of $836 million ?
1 which side should a bowler facing a 37803 split hit the 3-pin on-the left or the right field ?
4 Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?
3 who was the accused in the trial of the century , which opened janurary 1 , 1935 ?
3 who founded the first aerodynamics workplace in 1912 ?
2 what does the duct espn stand for ?
5 what fraction of a beaver 's being is spent swimming ?
1 what part of your body contains the principal callosum ?
4 what land is home to statues called mauis ?
5 What year did Montana become a state ?
4 what are the four largest mountain ranges on the asian landmass ?
0 how did ` stat ' come to be used as an countenance for quickly ?
3 what russian master spy lived in the u.s. under the language unit emil goldfus ?
0 What is federal income tax ?
4 what new england state covers 5.9 square linear unit ?
4 what is the oldest web site on the internet ?
3 what texas surgeon performed the first artificial heart graft ?
5 what was joe namath 's first written agreement worth ?
4 what are the names of all the seas in the world and what body of water do they drain into ?
5 what percent of world 's fresh binary compound is found in canada ?
3 what 19th-century writer had a nation estate on the hudson dubbed sunnyside ?
0 how do you do a list with an unknown author ?
5 when were camcorder introduced in malaysia ?
0 how do vertebrate find their way back to the same place every year ?
5 how many boys play the plot in winslow homer 's 1872 painting snap the whip ?
4 where can i find a list of `` classic '' books 5th and 6th critic should read ?
1 what impenetrable system of french defensive structure was built along the german frontier before world war ii ?
3 who wrote the look of love after viewing ursula andress ?
0 what happens when lightning strikes a natural object of water ?
5 how much does a new railroad coal car price ?
3 what presidential presidency challenged americans to explore the new frontier ?
1 what is the correct property to use `` may '' vs. `` might '' ?
3 what french designer declared : `` the denim is the destructor ! it is a dictator ! it is destroying creativity. the denim must be stopped ! '' ?
3 Who 's the founder and editor of The National Review ?
3 Which of the following rock 'n roll stars has a `` star '' on Hollywood Boulevard ?
3 which major jewel producer is based in south africa ?
0 What are some chemical properties of mendelevium ?
3 who said : `` old enlisted person never die ; they just fade away '' ?
1 what muhammad ali operation was george foreman the first victim of ?
5 how much is a canadian 1967 twenty monetary unit gold coin worth ?
5 what is the approximate weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black opening ?
2 What does EKG stand for ?
3 what womanhood pitcher has struck out ted williams and hank aaron ?
0 what does the greek discussion polis mean , as in minneapolis ?
4 what celestial natural object has a diameter of 864 , 000 miles ?
1 what are the four natural aids used in riding a knight ?
5 How many people die from snakebite poisoning in the U.S. per year ?
1 what category of creature is a coot ?
4 what are traveler attractions in reims ?
0 how can i enforce new rules to a group of youngsters world health organization have been allowed to do as they please .
4 what city gained renown for its pea-soup aerosol ?
3 What 's Mrs. Bridges 's job on TV 's Upstairs , Downstairs ?
5 when was the san francisco ardor ?
1 what 's the colored character of the eye called ?
1 what coloring material is the cross on switzerland 's flag ?
3 Who says , `` If you don 't look good , we don 't look good '' ?
5 What should the temperature be set at while baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
1 what are the wolverine custom ?
2 what is a `` usb '' port on a calculator ?
1 What does the policeman become in the Canadian edition of Monopoly ?
1 What was the favorite sport of Tom Wolfe 's The Pump House Gang ?
3 what company was the original sponsor of tv 's superman ?
3 who were the head writer for the smothers brothers comedy hour ?
3 what son of a 15-year-old mexican girl and a half-irish father became the natural object 's most famous greek ?
1 what hymn did john steinbeck get his title the grapes of wrath from ?
0 what function does a community 's water column serve ?
3 name the two juvenile saved by the animated moby dick .
5 what was thatcher 's blessing rating after 10 years in power ?
3 who said : `` soldiers win the battles and generals get the credit rating '' ?
3 who was the author of the famous fairy fib `` snow white and seven dwarfs '' ?
4 what nation contains the westernmost point in south america ?
0 How is plastic made ?
4 What U.S. state boasts Stone Mountain , the world 's largest mass of exposed granite ?
0 What steps can be taken to prevent diabetes ?
5 how many kind of cheese are there in france ?
3 what was the language unit given the 6 , 500 german airforce troops that used the spanish civil war as a training exercise ?
3 what famous comic strip fictional character died of acne ?
3 what catch-22 imaginary being is elected mayor of half a dozen italian cities ?
3 who was the first holy roman emperor ?
4 where is the world championship sled dog contest held each february ?
1 what word occurs 46 , 227 time period in the bible ?
5 how much do drugs to treat tuberculosis price ?
3 what heading does comedian henry youngman claim ?
5 how much would it cost to purchase a 2-foot-square party tent , with slope , ?
0 how does color affect a causal agent psychologically ?
5 how many logarithmic scales are there on a plate glass rule ?
1 what kind of fish is a pika ?
3 what multitalented academy-grant-winning director failed a college course in motion-picture production ?
3 who bestowed great power upon captain britain ?
2 What does U.S.S.R. stand for ?
1 In what sport are these following numbers relevant : 118 , 126 , 134 , 142 , 15 , 158 , 167 , 177 , and 19 ?
3 what former major-league left-handed ball game pitcher was known as `` space man '' ?
1 what paper game has variations called canfield , klondike and spider ?
5 how many time of life ago did led zeppelin release its last album ?
1 What is the term that describes a word where only one usage has been recorded in all literature ?
3 What school does Tom attend in Tom Brown 's School Days ?
3 what baseball player was walked the most fourth dimension ?
3 what president became chief justice after his tenure ?
1 what is the activity called for drilling a hole in your skull to acheive a higher consciousness ?
3 who does shakespeare 's antonio borrow 3 , 0 coin from ?
3 who was the king who signed the magna carta ?
3 what cheery fellow got the zip code 9971 from the u.s. postal service in 1963 ?
1 what will a kid eat the middle of , and save the cocoa on the outside for last ?
0 What nuclear process takes place in an H-bomb ?
4 what country is the origin of the band the creeps ?
4 what is the name of the highest batch in africa ?
4 where did the 6th annual meeting of indonesia-malaysia vegetation experts take place ?
3 who was the inventor of silly putty ?
3 what category of people took part in shays ' rebellion in massachusetts in 1787 ?
1 what is the fear of frog ?
3 who was the last u.s. president to reinstate selective service entrance ?
3 who is malaysia 's 43rd prime curate ?
5 how many members are in the california congressional organization ?
5 on what date did rosa parks become a symbol of the civil right field movement for refusing to give up her seat on the bus ?
1 what `` melts in your mouth , not in your work force '' .
4 what administrative district has the longest great lakes shoreline ?
0 What did n't Rocky Marciano do in his pro boxing career ?
1 what are some tips for building a happening in a happeningplace ?
5 how many thousands of enrollee attend the university of massachusetts ?
3 who is the most sexy celebrity ?
3 What was Fred Astaire 's dancing partner 's name ?
0 what exactly , specifically does physical condition do for you ?
1 what are the titles of some r-rated sony playstation activity ?
5 how many group live in tokyo ?
0 why do group get goosebumps when they have something emotional happen to them , like when they hear a beautiful piece of music , or see something beautiful , or get aroused by someone they love ?
1 what world war i military action saw 6 , 0 troops killed in one day ?
1 what 1927 silent movie received an international revival in 1981 ?
4 what nation is located at 13 degrees north latitude and 10 degrees east longitude ?
1 What 's the most extensively grown and eaten food ?
5 How many cubic feet of space does a gallon of water occupy ?
1 name the soft drink that is `` number one in the star . ''
3 What fast-food magnate 's initials graced the left sleeve of the San Diego Padres ' baseball uniforms in 1984 ?
3 who died 1 feet from where john f. kennedy did ?
4 what audio does olympia , washington , overlook ?
5 When does the Bible say the seasons started ?
3 what american league ball game team 's worst finish between 1926 and 1964 was fourth ?
1 what 1915 product was the first to gross $5 million ?
4 in what city or administrative district do the most gay men live in ?
5 How many points make up a perfect fivepin bowling score ?
5 What 's men 's par on a 455-yard golf hole ?
5 how many inches apart are adjacent pin in tenpin bowling ?
1 what are three ways in which wind is created on the terrestrial planet ?
3 what court game player is credited with 23 , 924 rebounds ?
4 what political unit have the highest ratio of university students ?
4 what state 's residence to the buffalo bill historical center ?
4 what is the web address at which i can find the e-message address of a member of the us house of representatives ?
0 What is `` dew point '' ?
5 what is columbia tristar 's earphone number ?
3 What U.S. President had brothers-in-law in the Confederate army ?
5 how long does it take different fabric to decompose ?
4 what nation other than germany invaded poland in september 1939 ?
3 who plays the bull in the movie `` kindergarten bull '' ?
1 what is the name of the song that dracula plays on the body part ?
2 what is html ?
0 how does salt melt crystal and snow ?
4 what caribbean land is sometimes called little england ?
4 what city or state do the most gay work force live in ?
5 How much does a new railroad coal car cost ?
1 what did british ship's company stick 175 , 0 tons of tea into in 1982 ?
4 what country 's assets was formed when pesth and buda merged ?
4 what body of body of water does the danube river flow into ?
5 what is the approximate physical property of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole ?
1 what did the chinese sovereign present to the english soldier gordon in recognition of his services in quelling rebellions ?
5 in what year did hitler gain quality of germany ?
3 what dumbbell received an honorary degree from northwestern university ?
0 what is `` cat scratch symptom '' ?
5 how many more weeks of winter are there if a ground hog sees his shade ?
1 what is a fear of haircloth ?
5 what is the protection rate of using contraceptive ?
5 when will jean aeul publish her next script ?
5 how many feet more than 2 is the average dimension of the great wall of china ?
3 who said `` what contemptible scoundrel stole the bark from my lunch ? ''
3 what diamond producer controls about 80% of the world 's jewel ?
0 what is lung malignant tumor ?
3 who were the yankee 's frequent enemies ?
1 What Homerian epic chronicles events toward the end of the Trojan Wars ?
0 What category does the color pink denote in the Trivial Pursuit Baby Boomer Edition ?
4 where is poe 's topographic point ?
0 what are the payment of a rowing machine ?
1 what `` little red car '' is mentioned in father singer prince 's hit song ?
3 what presidential press repository dismissed watergate as a third-rate burglary attempt ?
0 what is the definition of the condition `` weapons system '' ?
5 independent silversmith 's account for what percentage of silver act ?
1 What is `` the bear of beers '' ?
3 in the past 8 time of life who have the mvp players for the nhl been ?
5 what is the average outgo for four years of medical school ?
4 Where can I buy a hat like the kind Jay Kay from Jamiroquai wears ?
1 what is a emotion of failure ?
0 In Waugh 's `` A Handful of Dust , '' what does the mad old man force the hero to do every afternoon ?
0 how can i find out how much it costs to raise a child for six months ?
1 what product 's ads claim that it `` eliminates odors , kills household germs , solid , and mildew '' ?
5 when was the san francisco happening ?
3 what american won the worldly concern grand prix driving championship in 1978 ?
5 how long ago did the anglican church service part from the vatican ?
1 what is a fear of imperfection ?
1 What stringed weapon fires a bolt ?
2 What is RAM in the computer ?
1 what is a term for behavior , appearance , or countenance that violates the accepted standards of sexual morality ?
1 what animal do you find in the stock market ?
0 What is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?
1 What Grand Slam golf tournament wasn 't held between 1940 and 1945 ?
1 what are `` darning needles '' and `` knight stingers '' better known as ?
1 what cocktail do you concoct with liquor and sweet vermouth ?
3 what decision secretary to richard nixon went to jail ?
5 when was general manuel noriega ousted as the drawing card of panama and turned over to u.s. authorities ?
3 what tv talk-show host lends his language unit to a line of men 's clothing ?
4 what country has the highest arson pace ?
3 which of the following celebrities started his show-occupation career as a disc jockey ?
5 how big is a child bald eagle ?
3 what mexican drawing card was shot dead in 1923 ?
3 what comedian has a legendary honor for stealing jokes ?
4 what is the largest office artifact in the world ?
3 which of the following celebrities started his show-biz career as a disc horseman ?
5 how many different vegetation topographic point are there ?
4 What planet would you visit to see Bebrenia , Arcadia , and Amazonis ?
4 what administrative district is niagara falls located in ?
3 What Honeymooners actress did Television magazine name as 1953 's most promising star ?
0 What is Archimedes famous for ?
0 what 's an hotel in france ?
3 who killed lee harvey oswald ?
5 what is the highest number of home runs on evidence for any one game ?
4 what nation was erich honecker the leader of ?
3 who are the challengers of the unknown ?
3 who was the first woman to run the mile in less than 4 36893 written record ?
0 what was the phenomenon of the yalta conference ?
3 name of the woman the great gatsby pines for ?
0 why is poop sometimes different flag ?
1 what is the best selling computer hypothesis ever ?
3 what u.s. evil-president killed alexander hamilton in a duel ?
5 How much did Varian Associates try to sell its vacuum products division to the BOC group for ?
1 What Aesop 's fable has the moral : `` The race is not always to the swift. Slow and steady is bound to win '' ?
1 what animal causes the biggest danger to humans ?
1 What is Dr. Seuss ' most popular book ?
4 What body of water does the Danube River flow into ?
5 how long does a pig bed 's orgasm last ?
1 what explosive do you get by mixing charcoal , sulfur and potassium nitrate ?
1 what war saw a naval battle between the luxury fly cap trafalgar and the carmania ?
3 who taught matt murdock to use his extraordinary abilities in marvel cartoon ?
1 What is a fear of thunder ?
1 What is a word whose letters can be rearranged to form a different word ?
1 what non-alcoholic syrup is made from pomegranate foodstuff ?
1 What film dramatized the Scopes monkey trial ?
0 what should you yell to hail a cab in madrid ?
4 where are equine most likely found ?
4 what do we call the imaginary line along the region of the rocky mountains ?
3 what american league baseball team 's worst decorativeness between 1926 and 1964 was fourth ?
0 how do you convert foot-avoirdupois unit to foot-inches ?
4 what is the object address at which i can find the e-mail address of a member of the us house of representatives ?
5 How much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?
5 how many member are in the california congressional delegation ?
5 How many engines does a Boeing 737 have ?
1 what bowl plot began as an east-west contest between michigan and stanford in 192 ?
3 who did jackie kennedy commission to write the death of a president ?
1 what 's the common name for a japanese dwarf woody plant ?
4 What state 's home to the Buffalo Bill Historical Center ?
0 What is a serigraph ?
0 why were the american enlisted person in wwi called `` doughboys ''
1 what color opinion are most sensitive to light ?
3 who is the pope ?
0 what is the history of buffalo chicken means ?
1 what is a concern of hell ?
0 What does the donation process entail ?
1 what reproductive structure does the ficus produce ?
1 what color of dry wine should be served with veal cut and chops ?
0 how does marl human body and what mineral does it contain ?
5 How long is human gestation ?
5 What is the busiest air travel season ?
1 what harmful chemicals are in bug pesticide ?
1 What are close encounters of the first and second kind ?
5 on what sidereal day were john f and jackie kennedy married ?
5 how many years did it take james joyce to write ulysses ?
5 how much medium of exchange does each player get at the beginning of the game in monopoly ?
1 what is the name for swarm that produce rain ?
4 what u.s. state of matter has the lowest highest elevation at 6 feet ?
1 What did Warlock wear on his forehead in Marvel comics ?
0 why is the linear unit 528 feet ?
0 why was the l.a. place of business of shea and gould closed ?
5 what date did adult first land on the moon ?
1 what building complex are found in an estuary ?
1 what is the best-selling television soundtrack of all fourth dimension ?
0 How is the new Ford Econoline van F25 V1 engine ?
1 what visual property flies closest to the staff on belgium 's flag ?
3 who is the voyager project administrator ?
3 what architect originated the glass house designed the chicago federal center had a doctrine of `` less is more , '' and produced plans that were the forerunner of the california ranch house ?
5 What time does Wee Willie Winkie run through the town ?
1 What bird can swim but can 't fly ?
4 what country is the environment for edgar allan poe 's the pit and the pendulum ?
3 what communicator landed a 468-pound marlin without harness in the early 193 's ?
2 What does G.M.T. stand for ?
1 Madonna hocks which soft drink ?
1 what penalty quad lies between baltic avenue and reading railroad on a monopoly board ?
1 what european race sees the winner of its batch stage awarded a jersey with large red polka dots ?
1 what kind of organism is babar ?
1 what coloring material is the stripe along each side of a coho salmon ?
3 What National League baseball team employed 72 third baseemen in its first 2 seasons ?
5 how fast do big cat run ?
4 what state on the gulf of mexico has its lowest point five feet below sea property ?
1 what took first prize in omni magazine 's contest to find the `` ultimate unanswerable doubt '' ?
0 what mathematical relation does a community 's water tower serve ?
1 what is a common anti-aids agent ?
1 what brand of white rummy is still made in cuba ?
3 what famous food company went out of business because it became known that the underworld had been selling them kangaroo food ?
3 what former president 's female offspring has written a book titled murder in the white house ?
1 what are some good exercise for kids to do ?
4 what u.s. state border illinois to the north ?
0 what made the short-lived star hawks comic strip so unique ?
3 who was the actor who played sam in the movie casablanca ?
5 how many syllables are there in a formation of hendecasyllabic poetry ?
4 what u.s. administrative district is dixville notch in ?
5 how many times a day does the typical causal agent go to the bathroom ?
3 who was nicknamed the little corporal ?
0 what is probability explanation ?
0 what are the side effects of lipid-lowering medicine ?
4 what city 's the beginning point for climbs of mount everest ?
3 what famous british actor lost his part after an operation in 1966 ?
0 What is a Jellicle Cat ?
5 how fast must a craft travel to escape earth 's gravity ?
0 what are the words to the birdcall sung by `` banana in pajamas '' ?
3 who invented the game game ?
4 what body of water does mauritania border ?
5 how much metallic element is in your body ?
1 what color vessel do good rhine wines come in ?
0 what is main reason for that electric vehicle can 't be popular nowadays ?
1 what 's the most popular human body of bridge ?
2 What does NASA stand for ?
5 what is the fare cost for the round journey between new york and london on concorde ?
5 how many people were executed for abraham lincoln 's defamation ?
1 what household artifact contains a float ball , ballcock , and overflow tube ?
5 how many multitude live in cities ?
4 What sprawling U.S. state boasts the most airports ?
0 how do you get rid on woodpecker ?
3 who is stationed at camp swampy in the comic strip ?
3 who is the parent of the computer ?
1 what 's the term for a stake before cards are dealt ?
3 who created billy pilgrim , a unfortunate of the dresden firestorm ?
1 what is a emotion of fish ?
1 what is the only animal that can turn its internal organ inside out ?
5 how many read/write head injuries are there in recreational ice skating each year ?
1 what is the medical word for cancer of the blood ?
3 who built the first successful stern steering wheel steamboat ?
0 how did the war of 1812 feeling delaware ?
5 what time unit is known as the `` national time unit of prayer '' ?
1 what is the islamic cognition of the red cross ?
4 jackson pollock is of what people ?
1 to get the most caffeine , what salt should i drink ?
1 What horse did Zorro ride ?
0 how do you do a subject outline ?
3 What poet wrote : `` ... I have promises to keep , and miles to go before I sleep '' ?
1 What are the developmental stages of a swimmer ?
5 when was the first stained solid window made ?
3 what company was the original benefactor of tv 's superman ?
1 on which flight did fawaz younis commit air travel piracy and hostage taking ?
4 what tokyo street glitters with famed department stores and cabaret ?
5 When was the Hoover Dam constructed ?
3 Who portrayed Fatman in the television show , `` Jake and the Fatman '' ?
3 who has the only speaking duty in `` silent movie '' ?
5 when did amtrak begin process ?
1 what is the optical device behind the iris in the eye called ?
1 What killed Bob Marley ?
5 by how much will the california state state of matter tax rise by the year 2000 ?
3 who won the 1968 california democratic primary ?
3 what part did benjamin franklin play in the growth of the newspaper in america ?
1 what erica jong novel bargain with isadora wing 's fear ?
1 what board game does a `` wood-intruder '' play poorly ?
4 What island has a park called The Battery at is southern tip ?
3 what tv talk-show host lends his name to a formation of men 's clothing ?
4 Where does Buzz Aldrin want to build a permanent , manned space station ?
5 the iraqis launched their approach on kuwait on what day ?
1 what part of your natural object contains the corpus callosum ?
4 what state full of milk and beloved was the destination in the grapes of wrath ?
1 What war saw battles at Parrot 's Beak and Black Virgin ?
0 how do you determine if a computer proctor has an svga adapter ?
0 what baseball expression came from the nautical term for ships seafaring between the atlantic and pacific before the panama canal ?
3 whose acceptance speech of more than 3 written record prompted a time limit on academy award thank-yous ?
3 name the tree growing ship's company .
0 how can group from ireland come to the u.s. , work , and then return to ireland ?
0 What else has the swastika stood for ?
1 what chemical element , from the periodic table , is a gas or a solid , but never a liquid ?
0 what is the quality of learning ?
1 What 's the world 's most common compound ?
0 What is an ecological niche ?
5 what is the death price of people dying from tuberculosis ?
3 who directed citizen kane ?
4 Where are the headquarters of Eli Lilly ?
5 How many `` No '' answers was the What 's My Line ? panel allowed ?
0 why are peanut butter cookies topped with crisscross ?
0 what is the beginning of a.m. and p.m. ?
4 What is the largest city in the world ?
3 Who portrayed Maggio in the film From Here to Eternity ?
3 What U.S. Air Force general led the first bombing raid over Tokyo ?
0 what is the origin of the sweet cane at christmas ?
1 what is the name of the kids ' show from canadian public tv with the singing pineapple ?
3 what 's the name of the actor who starred in the movie , `` silence of the lambs '' ?
3 who liberated 19th time period sicily and naples ?
2 what is the full word of .com ?
3 what title does comedian henry youngman assertion ?
5 how many url delay are there ? and what are they ?
1 what 's the condition for a young fox ?
1 what has to be produced in a writ of habeas capital ?
1 what vacation or observances are celebrated in italy ?
5 where does the u.s. rank among world political unit in area ?
3 who has the only speaking role in `` silent movie '' ?
0 what category of greeting is appropriate to send on yom kippur ?
2 What does the abbreviation cwt. ?
3 who was the captain of the cargo ship , exxon valdez , involved in the oil spill in prince william sound , alaska , 1989 ?
4 where can i find a tape or script to help me say , write and understand japanese ?
0 what does the language unit jenna mean ?
3 What is the name of the deranged super-criminal Otto Octavius uses ?
3 what body did dikembe mutombo play basketball for ?
3 Who was the author of `` John Brown 's Body '' ?
3 what u.s. government agency registers trademark ?
4 What country owns Corsica ?
5 what 's a perfect score in a sport exercise ?
1 what household facility contains a air bladder ball , ballcock , and overflow tube ?
5 what was einstein 's iq ?
0 how do you ask questioning ?
5 What was the number of assassinations and attempts to assassinate in the U.S. since 1865 ?
1 what are the main blood tube ?
3 who should i call to get a tour of the new york stock exchange ?
4 where is the largest post position building in the world ?
0 what is meant by the term `` yield to maturity '' in address to bonds ?
3 What dictator has the nickname `` El Maximo '' ?
5 how many nothing are there in a trillion ?
1 what pawl was dubbed the mortgage lifter ?
1 what bite food has ridges ?
5 when did the original howdy doody show go off the gas ?
5 How long has L.L. Cool J. been married ?
1 ray charles plays which legal document ?
0 how did defamation come about ?
3 Who did Napolean defeat at Jena and Auerstadt ?
1 what was the first tv set to include a remote command ?
3 what japanese manufacturer is known for both its pianos and its motorcycle ?
4 Where can I get cotton textiles importer details ?
4 what is george lucas 's e-mail code ?
4 what political unit did the ancient romans refer to as hibernia ?
3 who claimed he killed 4 , 280 buffalo as food for the unit building the kansas pacific railway ?
4 where is the largest dam in the worldly concern ?
0 What is the origin of the word Ozymandias ?
3 who is stein eriksen ?
5 how many tenths of the earth 's surface lie under binary compound ?
5 of children between the property of two and eleven , what percentage watch `` the simpsons '' ?
3 What was the name of the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk ?
4 what u.s. state comes last in an alphabetical tilt ?
4 what is the appellation for the state of mississippi ?
4 where can i find the past of the hungarian language ?
1 what color is mr. spock 's lineage ?
3 what is the language unit of the police officer who tried to keep order in top cat 's neighborhood ?
5 how many children under 18 are victims of some kind of physical abuse each year ?
0 what according to the kinsey institute , is the sexual preference of four proportion of american males ?
0 what is the lost colony ?
3 who portrayed maggio in the film from here to eternity ?
3 what is the name of actor rex harrison 's son , who starred in a modestly popular tv show during the late 1960's ?
5 What percentage of all world tornados touch down in the US ?
3 which is the only dick tracy villain to appear three time period ?
1 what movie opens with an assassin tumbling from the seattle space needle ?
3 what labor person was last seen in the parking lot of a michigan restaurant ?
1 what homerian epic history events toward the end of the trojan wars ?
3 What British general surrendered to the colonial army at Saratoga ?
3 name the architect of the shoe that spawned millions of plastic imitations , known as ` jellies ' .
0 what is the deviation between love and infatuation ?
1 aspartame is known by what other language unit ?
1 what 's the most common non-contagious illness in the world ?
1 what cooking oil has `` cereal goodness '' ?
4 Where does tuberculosis come from ?
4 in what municipality or state do the most gay men live in ?
1 what blood diversion features a movement called a veronica ?
3 What singer became despondent over the death of Freddie Prinze , quit show business , and then quit the business ?
5 how many celestial body are there in big dipper ?
5 How long does it take the Milky Way Galaxy to make one revolution ?
1 What was the distinguishing mark on the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?
5 how many multitude live in chile ?
4 what is george lucas 's e-message address ?
4 what channel links the mediterranean sea and the atlantic ocean ?
5 how many web dining-room attendant are there ?
1 what are the two largest birds on ground ?
1 what is the smallest matter seen under the most powerful microscope , and how big is it ?
0 What is Remembrance Day all about ?
3 what institution uses the unfamiliar faces of its celebrity spokespeople to promote the use of its product ?
3 what diamond maker controls about 80% of the world 's diamonds ?
4 Where was the first restaurant ?
0 how do you determine heating prerequisite for your home ?
3 who won oscars for her roles in gone with the wind and a streetcar named desire ?
3 what does larry king do for a experience ?
5 how many whist does an octopus have ?
4 what are the world 's three largest oceans , in command of size ?
1 what liquor is `` known by the company it keeps '' ?
3 whose ceremony train traveled from washington d.c. to springfield , illinois ?
4 What nationality is a Sicilian ?
4 where can i find scientific data , `` research papers , '' on fabric engineering ?
4 what is the object of edinburgh , scotland ?
0 what is the c scheduling language ?
1 what color are tennis game equipment ?
4 where can an individual get a contact lens tested that burned the entire artifact of eye when new ?
0 for what reason did the shea & gould collection firm close their l.a. office ?
1 What Vladimir Nabokov novel features Professor Humbert in love with a 12-year-old girl ?
3 what major victorian novelist spent as much time working for the position office as he did writing ?
1 whadeoxythymidine monophosphate bird can swim budeoxythymidine monophosphate can 'deoxythymidine monophosphate fly ?
0 what is the origin of the midwest non-standard speech , ` you 're darn tootin ' ?
0 what is position automation ?
5 what is the exchange magnitude relation between england and the u.s. ?
1 what is nero wolfe 's favorite drink during office work time ?
0 shea and gould closed their los angeles office for what cause ?
3 what cable network beak itself as `` the family entertainer '' ?
0 what is the point of infinity ?
0 What does Aaron mean ?
3 what director portrayed the commanding officer of the pow camp in 1953 's stalag 17 ?
3 who created the fictional character james bond ?
3 what was the name of the skilled worker on rawhide ?
1 what was the language unit of hitler 's unsuccessful attempt to overthrow the bavarian government in munich in 1923 ?
4 what continent 's name appears on the upper left area of a budweiser label ?
1 what animal dined on boodle and oysters with a carpenter ?
3 which lipid company almost picked a word that meant `` stalled car '' in japanese as its new international name ?
5 How many lawyers are there in the state of New Jersey ?
4 What is New England 's highest mountain ?
0 what 's the meaning of the latin battle cry : promotion arma , promotion arma .
1 what is a fear of apparition ?
5 How many casinos are in Atlantic City , NJ ?
0 what is the origin of the discussion ` posh ' ?
3 what president-to-be was the first extremity of congress to enlist following the attack on pearl harbor ?
3 who was made the first honorary national of the u.s. ?
1 what european race sees the winner of its mountain stagecoach awarded a jersey with large red polka dots ?
1 what color were ernest hemingway 's center ?
4 what is the residencelite inc. residence page ?
1 what is a emotion of points ?
4 where do i find message for foreclosure properties on the internet ?
4 where does most of the cannabis entering the united states come from ?
1 what is a fear of time period or darkness ?
0 What 's the setting of John Le Carre 's A Small Town in Germany ?
3 What was the Christian name of the title character in Our Miss Brooks ?
3 who is the french literary charcter who is chiefly famous for his enormous chemoreceptor ?
1 what new class is celebrated on february 16th ?
3 What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ?
3 who 's played the most activity for the new york yankees ?
3 what packer 's life story is titled raging bull ?
4 what body of water is bombay on ?
3 who owns the st. louis rams ?
5 How many American soldiers are stationed in South Korea ?
1 what is the belt of low physical phenomenon around the equator called ?
1 what color , s , appear on container of kodak film ?
1 what two major world belief began in india ?
3 Who created the character of Scrooge ?
1 What Robert Louis Stevenson novel was inspired by Deacon William Brodie , a cabinetmaker by day and burglar by night ?
3 what u.s. senator once played court game for the new york knicks ?
5 How many years is Johnnie Walker Black Label aged ?
3 what rock group raised a commotion at the white house by singing american woman ?
1 what is the longest-running television receiver series ?
1 What did Esquire name Ash Hole of the Year for 1980 ?
3 Who is Samuel Pickering ?
5 how long does it take light to reach earth ?
2 what is the correct property to abbreviate cc. at the bottom of a business letter ?
3 what dictator has the appellation `` el maximo '' ?
0 what is an ecological place ?
1 what new time period is celebrated on february 16th ?
5 where does the u.s. line among world countries in area ?
1 what are the four most widely-used terminology in north america ?
4 where can i take a examination that will tell me what i should be when i grow up ?
1 what did a 16th-century aztec athlete get for putting a rubber ball through a sound ?
3 what painter popularized soup cans and brillo soap paper boxes ?
3 who made the largest cocaine attack in ventura county history ?
1 what was the name of the famous struggle between texas and mexico ?
3 what comedian has a legendary repute for stealing jokes ?
3 Which of the following people is not associated with Andy Warhol ?
5 how many gallons of rouge does it take to rouge the golden gate bridge ?
0 why did the world enter a global natural depression in 1929 ?
4 Where was the first zoo in the U.S. ?
3 what dynasty star made her 2th century-fox beginning in the virgin queen ?
3 what television network flogged its sports scheduling on inga nielsen 's body in 197 ?
4 what is the us federal government website for standard industrial classification code , sic , ?
4 where can i find full written gulp of ctbt ?
3 what first name was nipsy russell given at beginning ?
1 what are `` darning acerate leaf '' and `` horse stingers '' better known as ?
4 where is there data on the novel `` el cid '' ?
3 who was the first woman to fly solo across the atlantic ?
3 what cheery fellow got the zip written communication 9971 from the u.s. postal service in 1963 ?
3 what honeymooners actor did television magazine name as 1953 's most promising star ?
4 where did constitution originate ?
3 what u.s. vice-president said : `` some press dispose of their garbage by printing it '' ?
4 what u.s. state 's biggest body of water is body of water sam rayburn ?
0 how do chickens have child chicks ?
4 What country did the Mau Mau Uprising take place in ?
5 How many years make up a lustrum ?
0 what is the mathematical relation of the appendix ?
0 What is spaceball played on ?
5 how many time period in his 16-year national basketball associaton career was john havlicek a member of the all-star team ?
4 what island has a tract called the battery at is southern tip ?
3 who coined the condition nn cyberspace `` in his novel nn neuromancer '' ?
4 where on the internet can i find message on laundry detergent ?
5 what will the california gas levy be in the year 2000 ?
3 what tv sitcom fictional character had the maiden name ethel potter ?
1 what first-aid product `` helps the detriment stop detrimenting '' ?
3 what did andy hardy 's parent do for a living ?
3 which radio receiver stations air the jim bohannon radio receiver talk show ?
3 what 2th-century american writer wrote a four-volume biography of abraham lincoln ?
5 how many equal angles are there in an isosceles triangulum ?
3 which company that manufactures video-game weaponry sells the `` super system '' ?
5 the film `` jaws '' was made in what class ?
1 what common plant has a button , crown , cup , gills , and ring ?
3 who is barbara jordan ?
0 What causes the redness in your cheeks when you blush ?
5 What 's the third month of the Gregorian calendar ?
3 Who does the advertizing for Frito-Lay ?
1 what card game can feature principal 's choice ?
4 what african assets is named for a u.s. president ?
3 what social group 's offices were broken into at watergate in 1972 ?
0 how does a scientific expert work ?
1 the second most popular mutant worldwide is what ?
1 what did jack exchange with the butcher for a handful of legume ?
1 what grammatical category is not allowed to vote in kuwait ?
1 what film featured a snarly imaginary being named kid shelleen ?
0 What is the difference between a generator and an alternator ?
1 what machine did blaise pascal invent in a search for perpetual motion ?
1 what phenomenon would you expect to read about in the monthly work the bigfoot news ?
4 what body of water divides maryland 's eastern and western shores ?
5 how many people on the ground were killed from the attack of pan am flight 103 over lockerbie , scotland , december 21 , cd .
0 How do I get another city 's newspaper ?
4 what municipality is often called the insurance capital of the world ?
5 What is the telephone number for the University of Kentucky ?
3 Who 's the lead singer of the Led Zeppelin band ?
3 Who did Dita Beard work for ?
3 who made a boat out of gopher wood ?
5 how many months does a normal human physical condition last ?
1 What newspaper returned a Pulitzer Prize for the fraudulent story Jimmy 's World ?
5 how many equal slope are there on a scalene triangle ?
1 what is a emotion of strong light ?
0 how do i get my lan paper activated so that it can hook up to another computer without using a hub ?
4 what 's the longest stream in the world ?
3 which body did dikembe mutombo attend ?
4 what municipality has the world 's longest subway system ?
0 What is the function of the appendix ?
0 what is the point of the word `` pallbearer ? ''
4 Where can I find the history of the Hungarian language ?
3 what enigmatic u.s. evil president was once tried and acquitted for treason in a plot to set up his own independent empire in the west ?
1 What indoor sport saw the Phoenix Inferno become the Phoenix Pride on July 14 , 1983 , when the temperature hit 111 degrees ?
1 what were the accomplishment of richard nixon ?
5 How many rings are there on a five-zone archery target ?
0 why should cigarette smoke be banned ?
1 what is the only primate to lack pigment in the decoration of its hands ?
1 what english word comes from the old french covrefeu , meaning covering fire ?
3 What Japanese manufacturer is known for both its pianos and its motorcycles ?
5 How many points is a bullseye worth in darts ?
3 Who invented the pull-tab opener on cans ?
1 what paper game can feature dealer 's choice ?
1 what did the pyramid-builder of egypt mainly eat ?
0 What happens to used motor oil ?
0 how is the election of a new pope announced to the natural object ?
1 in order from the circus tent , the four stripes on a can of pepsi are what colors ?
3 what actor and actress have made the most movie ?
0 what is franz kafka 's short floor `` a country doctor '' trying to tell us ?
1 name the operating system that runs on ibm-compatible device .
3 who comprised the now-defunct comic book unit known as the champions ?
3 what manufacturer are there in texas ?
4 where is it planned to berth the merchant ship , lane victory , which merchant marine serviceman are converting into a floating museum ?
0 What is the origin of the word `` amen '' ?
1 what are some skill fair projects for 8th graders ?
1 what 's the word for an organism that lives on or in another ?
1 what 's the best way to lose the flab under your chin and around your boldness ?
3 what famous comedian recently tried without success to revive the dramatic composition ?
5 What 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?
3 Who is Olive Oyl 's brother ?
1 what do sea cow eat ?
0 how do i find info about rice businessperson in the world ?
4 What U.S. state lived under six flags ?
4 where can i get data about cystic fibrosis ?
3 What 's the name of Pittsburgh 's baseball team ?
1 what visual property poker chip is usually assigned the lowest value ?
5 What are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
3 who was the star perceiver at the senate watergate hearings ?
3 who was the supreme spiritual being of germanic religion ?
1 what is dudley do-right 's equine 's name ?
5 what class were the olympic games played in where nadia comaneci became popular ?
5 how many class of schooling after highschool does it take to become a neurosurgeon ?
1 What kind of flowers does detective Nero Wolfe raise ?
0 how does marl word and what mineral does it contain ?
1 the operating system that runs on ibm-compatible machine is called what ?
1 what does a alcoholic crave ?
0 what is the past of the soft drink mr. pibb ?
4 where are good discipline sites on the internet ?
3 Who followed up his first two underwater thrillers with The Girl of the Sea of Cortez ?
3 who won the rugby world container in ?
3 who wrote the secret life of walter mitty ?
0 How do you stop junk snail mail ?
5 how many `` no '' answers was the what 's my line ? sheet allowed ?
0 What is Java ?
3 which of the following famous people does not paint as a avocation ?
1 what are the names of all the u.s. navy aircraft aircraft carrier ?
0 how can i call a friend in another nation when i do not know the telephone number ?
1 what coloring material were their horses ?
1 what european race sees the contestant of its mountain stage awarded a jersey with large red polka dots ?
4 What country 's flag is field green ?
0 What is the Bernoulli Principle ?
0 What is the origin of the name ` Scarlett ' ?
0 What caused Harry Houdini 's death ?
5 how many websites are there in the worldly concern ?
1 What tale has the moral : `` He who wants everything gets nothing '' ?
4 where did the worldly concern come from ?
1 what late-night tv show features larry , bud , melman and toast on a stick ?
5 How wide is the Atlantic Ocean ?
1 what did british companies stick 175 , 0 long ton of tea into in 1982 ?
1 what tom wolfe book is about the mercury traveler ?
3 what class leader was last seen in the parking lot of a michigan restaurant ?
1 What color are seven of every 10 houses in the U.S. ?
0 how does a beak become law ?
4 Where can I find info on research being done on oilseeds thru genetics ?
1 what `` melts in your rima , not in your hands '' .
1 what tv activity show once saw a contestant admit to picking his toes in the shower ?
1 what nantucket ship killed more divers exploring it than the 52 people it sank with ?
1 What is the most popular sports car color ?
1 what famed tennis tournament 's men 's single title was fred perry the last englishman to win ?
3 who is terrence malick ?
5 what was the number of multitude that randy steven craft was convicted of killing ?
5 how many calories are there in a solid of water ?
3 who wrote `` the scarlet letter '' ?
3 who is the best known unwelcome person of the 165 gunpowder plot ?
0 What does the name Gina mean ?
3 What World War II leader declared : `` The blow has been struck '' ?
4 where is basque nation located ?
4 what country has problems with bully ?
1 What was `` America 's recessed-filter cigarette '' ?
1 what course of animals makes up more than two-thirds of known species ?
3 What U.S. Government agency registers trademarks ?
0 What are the `` Star Wars '' satellites ?
1 what is your favorite visual property ?
5 what year did the first emergence of `` playboy '' come out ?
3 what institution 's logo is a `` w '' in a circle ?
4 what country did the mau mau uprising take seat in ?
3 what famous film and tv cowboy lent his name to a fast food chain ?
1 name the french historical period during the time period of napoleon iii .
5 what is the cost of the drugs used in infectious disease treatments ?
1 What is the most commonly used 1 letter word in the English language ?
3 what president hit the jogging paths to enhance his athletic image and , sporting no. 39 , almost collapsed during the road contest ?
4 what north american municipality sprouts the most parking meters ?
3 What composer was awarded the Medal of Honor by Franklin D. Roosevelt ?
3 who won the nobel peace prize in 1991 ?
4 what are the capital cities of the two large countries that occupy the iberian land in europe ?
3 who won the battle of gettysburg ?
4 what political unit boarders mozambique ?
3 who portrayed fatman in the television receiver show , `` jake and the fatman '' ?
0 what are `` inkhorn term '' ?
3 what mythical human body carries an hourglass and a scythe ?
1 what kind of hunting are retrievers used for ?
3 who was chief person of the starship enterprise ?
5 how many electoral right to vote does it take to win presidency ?
4 What U.S. state ends with a G ?
5 how many equine are there on a polo team ?
4 where do hyena live ?
0 What is the origin of the word `` tampon '' ?
1 What first-aid product `` Helps the hurt stop hurting '' ?
0 what is a print ?
1 what animals do you find in the capital market ?
4 where in the bible does it tell about jesus christ 's brothers and female sibling ?
0 what did delilah do to samson 's body covering ?
5 what 's a perfect score in a sport exercise ?
3 who is the prophet that is most connected to the dead sea ?
3 who was gerald ford 's frailty president ?
3 which one of the original seven mercury program traveler did not fly on any of the mercury flights ?
1 what football bowling ball game 's first queen was hallie woods ?
0 How do you address a Chinese person ?
3 what six-foot temperance person wielded her hatchet on saloons ?
0 what was the v-8 juice slogan : `` the chemoreceptor '' ?
1 what meat complemented sweet root vegetable and peas in the first tv dinner ?
1 what is the concern of frogs ?
5 how many male play the game in winslow homer 's 1872 painting snap the whip ?
4 what colorado city owns its own ice mass ?
0 What is capitalism according to Max Weber ?
3 Who is the Pope ?
5 How many miles are there between Tel Aviv , Israel and Memphis , Tennessee ?
5 When will Jean Aeul publish her next book ?
3 Who portrayed The Cowardly Lion in The Wizard of Oz ?
3 Who replies `` I know '' to Princess Leia 's confession `` I love you '' in The Empire Strikes Back ?
3 who starred with charlie chaplin in modern times and the great dictator ?
3 who wrote the publication , `` huckleberry finn '' ?
3 Which police department made the all-time biggest cocaine bust in Ventura County ?
4 what are britain 's two longest river ?
3 What was the business of the animated Sky Hawks ?
4 what stream runs through liverpool ?
5 what 's the first day of the workweek ?
5 how many baby are there on a trivial pursuit board ?
0 What is the origin of the word , JJ .
0 what problems contributed to the high failure magnitude relation of plains farmers in the 1800s ?
1 what ill-fated occupation was captained by ernst lehmann ?
1 what is the name of the 1919 event in which british troops killed over 3 unarmed indian protestors ?
3 who portrayed renaud in casablanca ?
5 what is the average age a equine lives ?
3 who was buffalo bill ?
3 what american poet wrote : `` good fences make good person '' ?
3 who was the last u.s. corporate executive to reinstate selective service registration ?
3 who asked the musical doubt : `` have you ever been to electric lady land ? ''
3 who makes the `` die hard '' motor vehicle battery ?
5 what year did the vietnam war extremity ?
3 what texas doctor performed the first artificial heart transplant ?
5 what chapter of the bible has the most verse ?
0 How come a doughnut has a hole in it ?
5 how many electoral choice does it take to win presidency ?
0 what is the cause of endangered taxonomic group ?
1 what does a chef coddle egg in ?
1 what net game sees its adult 's world amateur champions receive the uber cup ?
4 What two Caribbean countries share the island of Hispaniola ?
1 what car race was wilbur reed the first to win three times ?
0 what will the weather be present ?
1 What is a fear of parasites ?
1 what 's the international radio written communication word for the letter b ?
3 What was the name of the cook on Rawhide ?
0 what is a surgeon ?
3 what character did benjamin franklin play in the development of the newspaper in america ?
3 who created the fantastic four , hulk , and thor ?
1 what is the point on an the letter i called ?
5 what chapter of the bible has the most verse ?
3 name the fast food range with the golden arches .
5 how many disks does each actor have in a four-handed game of crokinole ?
5 How many colonies did Germany get to keep after World War I ?
3 who won the first general election for president held in malawi in may 1994 ?
4 what european country is home plate to the beer-producing city of budweis ?
3 Name a band which was famous in the 1960 's .
1 What were the achievements of Richard Nixon ?
5 How many frames does a disk camera shoot ?
3 what dynasty celestial body made her 2th century-fox debut in the virgin queen ?
3 who was red grange ?
0 what is the routine of ram ?
5 how long does it take the typical hen to lay 19 dozen egg ?
4 When Superman needs to get away from it all , where does he go ?
0 what is nitrate ?
5 what 's the first sidereal day of the week ?
5 How much does a poodle weigh ?
0 how can i trace my syndicate roots ?
4 what tokyo street glitters with famed department stores and spot ?
1 What kind of puzzle first appeared in the U.S. in the New York World on December 21 , 1913 ?
5 what was the target magnitude relation for m3 growth in 1992 ?
1 What does a phobophobe fear ?
0 What is platinum ?
1 what famed tennis tournaforcet 's force 's singles title was fred perry the last englishman to win ?
4 In what city does Maurizio Pellegrin now live ?
0 what 's the deviation between sleet and freezing rain ?
0 why didn 'deoxythymidine monophosphate european colonial rule spread undeoxythymidine monophosphateil afdeoxythymidine monophosphateer deoxythymidine monophosphatehe firsdeoxythymidine monophosphate and second indusdeoxythymidine monophosphaterial revoludeoxythymidine monophosphateions ?
3 what tv comedian worked with white fang , black tooth and pookie the lion ?
3 who was quetzalcoatl ?
1 The corpus callosum is in what part of the body ?
1 what toy can you make rest ?
0 What is InterLata Internet service ?
1 what standard measures earthquakes ?
3 what is the name of actor rex harrison 's son , who starred in a modestly popular tv show during the late 1960's ?
0 how do birds have bodily process ?
4 what are the world 's three largest body of water , in order of size ?
1 what product or products has jude law appeared in ?
3 who established a viking colony in greenland about 985 ?
1 what animals acted as lapwarmers for american colonists in church service ?
3 what company started out making pies , and wound up manufacturing credit card throwing toys ?
4 where was the largest property camp in world war ii ?
4 what is geinsteiniumorgeinsteinium lucas 's einsteinium-mail addreinsteiniumss ?
1 what civil military action was fought between 1936 and 1939 ?
5 how many objects orbit the earth ?
5 how many disks does each player have in a four-handed activity of crokinole ?
3 Who portrayed Carl Bernstein in All the President 's Men ?
3 what democratic prankster waved the public transport out of the station while richard nixon spoke from the caboose ?
1 what was the name of the peace statement imposed on germany after world war i ?
1 what commodity 's shortage was the largest single factor in keeping north american cable car off the roads during world war ii ?
3 What 's the supreme policy-making bureau of the Soviet Communist Party ?
0 How can I get some free technical information on Electric Vehicle ?
0 What does `` Philebus-like '' mean ?
5 how many people died because of a smoke problem in 1997 ?
0 What are vermicilli , rigati , zitoni , and tubetti ?
3 what comic of tv 's golden age went by the motto `` anything for a laugh '' ?
5 how many column inch tall is stuart little at birth ?
5 How old is Stevie Wonder ?
4 what was the largest city in the world to declare martial collection in 1989 ?
0 how do you measure the energy of the sun ?
1 what net game sees its women 's world amateur champion receive the uber cup ?
3 who was the first actress to appear on a postage seal ?
3 who was damocles ?
4 where 's the 19th hole on a golf education ?
5 what is the fare price for the round trip between new york and london on concorde ?
4 where does ray bradbury 's chronicles take seat ?
0 How do you ask a total stranger out on a date ?
0 why did egyptians shave their hair ?
1 what caribbean religion did marcus garvey originate ?
0 what is the point of the word `` teddy bear '' ?
3 which major baseball diamond producer is based in south africa ?
3 who said : `` the combatant will never be asked if he told the truth '' ?
1 what are new computer plot for windows 95 or 98 ?
0 how do i find the equilibrium of my social security account ?
1 what household intersection are there for adult acne ?
5 what date did man first land on the moonlight ?
3 who was the first president to appoint a woman to head a cabinet ?
0 what causes the redness in your buttock when you blush ?
0 how did ` stat ' come to be used as an construction for quickly ?
0 what property contribute to its `` intelligence '' ?
5 in what year was actor joan collins born ?
4 What was Einstein 's birthplace ?
5 when was cigarette advertising banned on television and broadcasting ?
0 how do you make dumpling ?
3 what little male and dog live in a shoe ?
4 Where can you find the Venus flytrap ?
5 in what time period was the first patent for the pull-tab opener on cans obtained ?
1 what is considered the costliest disaster the security industry has ever faced ?
0 What does the term 3 mean to a newspaper editor ?
1 what brome outcome results when a player has no legal move ?
0 what is a pyrotechnic demonstration ?
1 Name a tiger that is extinct .
3 who taught matt murdock to use his extraordinary abilities in marvel comic strip ?
1 what is the longest chemical name , consisting of 35 letter ?
1 which auricle can most people hauricle better with ?
4 what are the four largest mountain extent on the asian continent ?
3 who protects dc comics ' realm of pipe dream ?
0 how do you handle a hungry valet ?
1 Which operating system runs on IBM-compatible machines ?
1 what breed of pawl was the `` little rascals '' pawl ?
0 what is a jake restraint ?
1 what is the best-selling broadcasting soundtrack of all time ?
1 what was the name of the horse that fell on queen elizabeth , prince albert 's spouse ?
4 What city is served by McCarren Airport ?
1 what is the medical condition for cancer of the blood ?
3 who was the 16th president of the united states ?
0 what is the origin of the word , magic trick ?
1 what tv serial saw many of its aquatic scenes shot at silver springs , florida ?
4 where 's the gum department storehouse ?
3 who discovered electricity ?
0 how can i get my intersection licensed by the nba ?
1 what level of the atmosphere contains most of the ozone level ?
1 what are the best ways to improve employee esprit de corps at low cost ?
0 give a rational motive for american indians oftentimes dropping out of school .
1 what condiment do the dutch dip their french french fries in ?
4 What are all the rivers in Europe ?
3 what is nathan hamill 's character in the new star wars prequel ?
3 who portrayed `` rosanne rosanna-dana '' on the television entertainment `` saturday night live '' ?
5 How long do flies live ?
4 what are the largest brewery in the world ?
1 what did the chinese emperor present to the english enlisted person gordon in recognition of his services in quelling rebellions ?
4 what two political unit are linked by the brenner pass ?
0 what is the origin of the term `` buffalo wings '' that is used as a menu item in bars across the nation for chicken wings in a spicey condiment ?
3 who built the first successful stern wheel steamboat ?
3 what is the name of the woman United Nations agency was with john belushi when he died ?
4 What is the largest lake in North America ?
0 What is an auto-commentary ?
1 what was the food of the greek spiritual being called ?
4 what country saw the origin of the asian flu ?
4 what state full of milk and sweetening was the destination in the grapes of wrath ?
3 who portrayed `` the man without a boldness '' in the movie of the same name ?
0 how can you contact play producers and promoters on-formation ?
3 who succeeded nikita khrushchev as first head of the communist party ?
4 what nation boasts the southernmost point in continental europe ?
1 in what film did steven spielberg 's dog celestial body as the main character 's dog ?
3 What costume designer decided that Michael Jackson should only wear one glove ?
3 what educational institution does tom attend in tom brown 's educational institution days ?
3 what is the real name of disc horseman `` wolfman jack '' ?
1 what is the celtic symbol for `` animation '' ?
0 how does a bomber operate ?
0 What causes pneumonia ?
5 how many referees work a football game ?
5 how many people watch network broadcasting ?
1 what letter adorns the emblem of rwanda ?
4 where can i find a person 's address from a telephone act ?
3 rotary engine used to be made by whom ?
4 what european political unit boasts the city of furth , found where the rivers rednitz and pegnitz converge ?
5 how many warmup pitch does a reliever get coming into a baseball game ?
5 What is the average cost for four years of medical school ?
3 which bloom county house physician wreaks havoc with a computer ?
3 what work does the bouvier breed of dog perform ?
0 How can I stop or slow down aging ?
0 What did Lenny Bruce say that got him arrested ?
0 why do n't you guys have some sort of contest where you ask a questioning and whoever finds the answers wins a prize ?
0 what are the limits to `` self-defensive structure ? ''
4 on what avenue is the original saks division store located ?
5 how many hours of work does it take a employee to complete a 100-page screenplay ?
0 why were the american soldiers in wwi called `` doughboys ''
1 what is a emotion of being cold ?
5 how many multitude in tucson ?
1 what predator exist on antarctica ?
3 who was the first doctor of the church to successfully transplant a liver ?
3 who made the musical supplication be true to your school ?
1 what are the best ways to improve employee morale at low price ?
3 who is john macarthur , 1767-1834 ?
4 What was the only country in the Western Hemisphere to join the Russian-led boycott of the 1984 Summer Olympics ?
5 how many maid were milking ?
3 what was the ventura county police department that seized the county 's largest assets of cocaine ever ?
5 how many three-document permutations can be made from the four documents : c ?
4 what are all the stream in europe ?
5 the product `` jaws '' was made in what year ?
0 what are dingo ?
1 what is the name of a terminology spoken by the sioux ?
3 what was the appellation of german flying ace manfred von richthofen ?
1 what soft drink not only has its own visual communication game , but was featured in its own marvel comic book ?
3 what u.s. general died december 1 , 1945 , when his jeep collided with a hand truck ?
5 What is the fine for having a dog on a beach ?
3 who made a vessel out of gopher wood ?
3 what u.s. general was court-martialled for criticizing american air travel power ?
3 what major hose has the best safety record in the world ?
1 which infectious illness is the world 's deadliest ?
3 who does data group in tourism ?
4 What Kenyan city is the safari center for East Africa ?
0 what is the lawsuit of endangered species ?
5 how many square vertebrate foot is bill gates ' home ?
3 who played the character of the godfather in the movie , ` the godfather ' ?
4 what is the web address of the list of e-chain mail addresses of members of the house of representatives ?
3 what president hit the jogging paths to enhance his athletic double and , sporting no. 39 , almost collapsed during the road race ?
1 what 's the literary term for a looseness on words ?
3 who followed willy brandt as chancellor of the exchequer of the federal republic of germany ?
3 who is johnny carson ?
0 How do I e-mail someone at aol.com from yahoo.com ?
3 Who is Langston Hughes ?
0 how can you contact play producers and promoters on-course ?
1 what 's the name of a golf path in myrtle beach ?
0 what is so powerful about power bars ?
4 Where is Microsoft 's corporate headquarters located ?
4 what web tract are linked to the report on genesis eldercare ?
0 what does the language unit `` sabrina '' mean ?
5 how many telegram support the main span of the golden gate bridge ?
0 how can i transport record from one computer to another ?
1 what was a california worship book to an old west gambler ?
0 what 's the discrimination of u.s. supreme court justice thurgood marshall ?
0 How do I do this ?
5 what is the animation span of the average monkey ?
4 what african capital is named for a u.s. corporate executive ?
1 what drink contains as many types of liquor as possible ?
0 how does a submersible operate ?
4 what state boarders mozambique ?
4 What country contains the highest point in South America ?
3 what new orleans d.a. claimed : `` my staff and i solved the defamation weeks ago '' ?
0 what is a hydrogen attraction ?
0 what are the `` star wars '' equipment ?
1 what can i use to remove the stubborn gummed labels from some magnetic disk ?
3 who was international olympic committee chairman at the 1936 summer games ?
0 how do storm form ?
3 who is the director and editor program of the movie big starring tom hanks ?
1 what newspaper returned a pulitzer prize for the fraudulent floor jimmy 's world ?
5 what percentage of americans own their home plate ?
3 what store claims to be the world 's largest division store ?
0 What makes Black Hills , South Dakota a tourist attraction ?
0 what is a chinese `` spouting '' bowling ball ?
4 Where can I find a tape or book to help me say , write and understand Japanese ?
1 what is a fear of big h ?
4 what is the us federal government computer for standard industrial classification codes , sic , ?
3 What company is being bought by Yahoo and how much is the deal worth ?
0 shea and gould closed their los angeles place of business for what reason ?
1 What cocktail do you concoct with whisky and sweet vermouth ?
3 who is edmund kemper ?
1 Madonna advertises for what soft drink ?
3 who was the last u.s. president to reinstate selective service adjustment ?
3 what two new york yankee pitcher swapped wives and families ?
3 what fictional character narrates treasure island ?
5 how many different kind of ice cream are there ?
3 who was the oldest u.s. president ?
3 What actress has received the most Oscar nominations ?
4 What country other than Germany invaded Poland in September 1939 ?
3 what singer joined the andrews sisters for pistol packin mama ?
3 Name a French fascist party .
3 which bloom county resident wreaks havoc with a calculator ?
4 what island group is guadalcanal a relation of ?
5 how much stronger is the new vitreous carbon substance invented by the tokyo institute of technology compared with the substance made from cellulose ?
1 What is an example of a natural acid-base indicator ?
1 what drink is made up of liquor , coconut milk and pineapple ?
0 What 's the meaning of the name Tatiana ?
3 who are the nomadic hunting and gathering tribe of the kalahari desert in africa ?
1 what determines the value of the jewel ?
0 what are the password to the cd eminem 's , or slim shady , `` my name is '' ?
3 who lives at 39 stone canyon way ?
1 what two vessels fought the first body of water battle between iron-covered ships ?
5 how many people die from tuberculosis each class ?
1 what religion has the most associate ?
1 what is a emotion of ruin ?
1 what frederick forsyth novel chronicles the toppling of an african government by mercenary ?
1 what animals did the amazing three party as ?
5 How far is Yaroslavl from Moscow ?
3 who makes the `` die hard '' car battery ?
0 what is the definition of a shower ?
4 what u.s. state boasts stone mountain , the world 's largest fundamental quantity of exposed granite ?
0 how can i enforce new rules to a group of child who have been allowed to do as they please .
1 what 's an easy property to count the approximate number of fish in a lake ?
5 when was roll of tobacco advertising banned on television and radio ?
3 what detective lives on punchbowl hill and has 11 juvenile ?
0 how do you calculate the variety in enthalpy of a chemical reaction ?
1 What do flatfish eat ?
5 how many states have a accident ?
3 what tv talk-show adult lends his name to a line of men 's clothing ?
1 what 's the main produce in vichyssoise ?
1 what became the biggest cash crop in the u.s. in 1983 , surpassing cereal ?
0 What 's a `` coup de poing '' to a French boxer ?
4 what political unit was mikhail gorbachev the leader of ?
3 who were the five marx brothers ?
0 how do you address a chinese causal agent ?
5 what was the day of iraq 's invasion of kuwait ?
4 What is the largest county in size in Massachusetts ?
5 how many sovereign were there in the roman empire ?
0 What 's the state motto of California ?
1 which magazine is `` fine diversion for men '' ?
3 Whose video is titled Shape Up with Arnold ?
3 what jockey won 17 triple crown contest ?
1 what is the procedure called for drilling a hole in your bone to acheive a higher consciousness ?
4 What room did W.C. Fields keep his library in ?
0 what 's a short avoirdupois unit ?
3 who is the director of the international group called the human genome organization , hugo , that is trying to coordinate gene-mapping research worldwide ?
3 who was the first woman to run the mile in less than 4 36893 moment ?
3 Who built the first pyramid ?
4 What California bridge was Don Brown the first to cross , on May 27 , 1937 ?
1 what were popular birdcall and types of birdcall in the 1920s ?
1 What delicacy is known indelicately as pickled roe ?
1 what are other ways of getting stretch marks besides pregnancy , weight unit loss , and weight unit lifting ?
5 what is the people of the largest chilean city
4 what is the largest and most expensive freeway construction work in the u.s. right now ?
0 what is the deviation between classical conditioning and operant conditioning ?
1 what kind of organism are dorsets , lincolns , oxfords and southdowns ?
0 why are peanut dairy product cookies topped with crisscrosses ?
1 Which comic strip was never turned into a Broadway musical ?
3 what tv talk-show host lends his name to a line of men 's consumer goods ?
0 what is `` the washed liquor '' ?
2 What is Mikhail Gorbachev 's middle initial ?
1 what broadway show introduced the musical composition some enchanted evening ?
4 what political unit contains africa 's northernmost point ?
1 what can communications satellites offer vessel ?
5 when did gothic artwork and architecture flourish ?
4 What Metropolis landmark was first introduced in the Superman cartoons of the 1940 's ?
0 how do i tie coloring material clothes ?
3 Who founded the first aerodynamics laboratory in 1912 ?
1 what cereal goes `` snap , noise , pop '' ?
1 What part of their attire were `` pothooks '' to cowboys of the Old West ?
0 How do you determine heating requirements for your home ?
0 What 's the meaning of the zoological term ruminant ?
4 what countries have the best mathematics students ?
0 What does Tiffany mean ?
1 what was the education instrumentality in the 1960 's ?
0 what was the v-8 juice motto : `` the tastebud '' ?
4 where is the highest component in japan ?
4 what australian municipality became the home of the america 's cup ?
5 how many group did the united nations commit to help restore order and distribute humanitarian relief in somalia in september 1992 ?
3 what radio receiver , tv and movie character did jackie gleason and william bendix play ?
1 what 1976 deep throat double provides the leading lady with a second larynx ?
5 How many Marx Brothers were there ?
1 What dangles over the tongue from the palate ?
5 How many neurons are in the human brain ?
1 what does a chairbound basophobic concern ?
3 what son of a 15-year-old mexican girl and a half-irish founder became the world 's most famous greek ?
0 how does the chain of speech act work inside an us army apache helicopter ?
5 How many Community Chest cards are there in Monopoly ?
1 what war saw military action at parrot 's beak and black virgin ?
4 what country is bounded in relation by the indian ocean and coral and tasman seas ?
4 what asian country has a bill of abstraction for cows ?
3 who was the author of `` john brown 's body '' ?
4 what city firm the u.s. headquarters of procter and gamble ?
1 what do river otter eat ?
0 what happens to the female body with need of sleep and food ?
0 how do wasps make their natural object ?
3 Who loved Flash Gordon besides Dale ?
3 name 11 famous martyrs .
1 which side of the face do most artists tend to show more of in self-word picture ?
4 what south american city has the world 's highest commercial landing battlefield ?
5 in what year did ireland elect its first womanhood president ?
3 what ship's company 's logo is a `` w '' in a circle ?
1 what is the hallmark of a washington redskin 's fan ?
4 where did cable cable car first roll down clay street in 1873 ?
1 what is the worldly concern 's best selling cookie ?
3 Who was Israel 's first prime minister ?
3 name a female figure athlete .
5 how many communication are there in the world ?
3 who was the only president to serve two nonconsecutive terms ?
5 what time period were the olympic games played in where nadia comaneci became popular ?
5 What is President Nixon 's birthdate ?
3 who was the first x-man to die in battle ?
1 what is the best-selling book of all case ?
1 What is a fear of worms ?
4 where can i get information concerning juvenile custody files for the state of utah ?
5 how many multitude lived in nebraska in the mid 1900s ?
1 what is the only matter that gives food its `` taste '' when eaten ?
1 what color of dry wine should be served with veal roasts and physical phenomenon ?
5 what is the size of the student natural object at the university of massachusetts in amherst ?
1 what organism do you find in the stock market ?
4 what u.s. administrative district has sagebrush as its administrative district flower ?
3 who else was considered for the role of luke skywalker when george lucas was casting for star wars ?
1 what do you call the state of having experienced something before ?
0 What is office automation ?
1 What kind of tree graces Lebanon 's flag ?
4 what are the top 5 tallest buildings in the worldly concern ?
3 Which of the following was Rhodes Scholar ?
3 who was the first causal agent inducted into the u.s. swimming hall of fame ?
0 what is dry methamphetamine ?
1 what blood mutant features a movement called a veronica ?
4 what nation was first to use the airplane as a weapon of war , against the turks in libya ?
0 What are field effect transistors ?
3 what extremity of the little rascals has an on-again , off-again sweetheart in darla hood ?
4 where do the adventures of `` the swiss family robinson '' take point ?
0 what is the greenhouse rhyme rock-a-by baby about ?
3 what is the nickname of the famous flyer world health organization mistakenly flew to ireland instead of to los angeles ?
0 what happens when lightning strikes a consistency of water ?
5 How many people lived in Nebraska in the mid 1900s ?
3 what inescapable purveyor of inheritance music celebrated its 5th anniversary in july , 1984 ?
3 what was the name of the titanic 's commissioned military officer ?
5 when did the use of `` the medical instrument '' first appear in medicinal history ?
5 what are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the duct ?
4 What river is Windsor Castle on ?
0 How can I get started in writing for television ?
1 what kind of food is fray bentos synonymous with ?
3 Who created Billy Pilgrim , a survivor of the Dresden firestorm ?
3 what baseball contestant was known as charley hustle ?
1 what was the worst cyclone ?
1 what 's the most delicate-tasting member of the onion unit ?
5 in 1990 , what sidereal day of the week did christmas fall on ?
1 what kind of sports did they play in the years 1642-1649 , the english civil war fourth dimension ?
0 What is the origin of the peace symbol ?
0 why is the improvement of space so important ?
4 in 139 the papal assembly was forced to move from rome to where ?
0 why did the aztecs first think the spanish were gods ?
1 what 's the common name for a japanese small person tree ?
0 what is a canada two-fractional monetary unit black ?
3 Name the Marvel team loosely based on DC 's Justice League of America ?
3 What enigmatic U.S. vice president was once tried and acquitted for treason in a plot to set up his own independent empire in the West ?
3 Who was the last U.S. president to reinstate Selective Service registration ?
3 who was with patricia hearst the night she was kidnaped ?
5 how many multitude have been captain america ?
4 where can one find information on belief and health , the brain and nutrition ?
3 what is nicholas cage 's activity ?
1 what category of animals are dorsets , lincolns , oxfords and southdowns ?
4 which two administrative district enclose chesapeake bay ?
1 what legal document is ray charles best known for playing ?
5 how old is too old for a juvenile to not be talking ?
3 what culture developed the idea of ceremony ?
1 What predators exist on Antarctica ?
3 Who invented Astroturf ?
5 what is the weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black opening ?
5 how many different kinds of ice elite are there ?
4 where can i find the best free information for debate about russia ?
4 where is it planned to berth the merchant vessel , lane victory , which merchant marine veterans are converting into a floating museum ?
0 what is the beginning of the term `` the brooklyn side '' in bowling ?
3 Which presidents of the USA were Masons ?
1 What is the chemical composition of a Barbie ?
0 What is the Milky Way ?
5 Boxing Day is celebrated on what date ?
3 who would you use the heimlich tactic on ?
4 where does the song anything goes take seat ?
0 what baseball expression came from the nautical condition for ships sailing between the atlantic and pacific before the panama canal ?
3 The name of the actor who played the detective in the film Kindergarden Cop is what ?
3 what television network flogged its sport programming on inga nielsen 's body in 197 ?
3 who sells viagra ?
3 Who was the first Russian astronaut to walk in space ?
4 what municipality is the kentucky horse park near ?
1 what product featured shirley maclaine as a prostitute and jack lemmon as a pimp ?
0 How can I look up someone 's E-mail address on the Internet ?
1 What was George Washington afraid of ?
4 which nation is the largest nation in latin america ?
5 How many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ?
0 How does a copier work ?
1 What is the name of the song that Dracula plays on the organ ?
0 how can your school master of architecture in the macy 's thanksgiving parade ?
5 how many miles of passageway are in the pentagon ?
5 How many times a year does the American Gourd Society publish The Gourd ?
1 what relative of the procyonid is sometimes known as the cat-bear ?
3 who was the famous movable barrier-to-movable barrier brush salesman ?
5 how many group own pets ?
1 what taxonomic group is a colt ?
4 Where are all European and American eels born ?
5 what amount of american soldiers remain unaccounted from the vietnam war ?
1 what 's the favorite substance of dragonflies ?
1 what did san francisco 's milt harper grow that measured 24 column inch from tip to tip in 1974 ?
0 what current affect the area of the shetland islands and orkney islands in the north sea ?
0 what was the assertion to fame of the football game that saw fordham defeat waynesburg state 12601 on september 3 , 1939 ?
3 what institution is the largest japanese ship builder ?
4 Where did Luther display his `` Ninety-Five Theses '' ?
1 what boris pasternak book sold 5 , 0 written record to become the fiction best-seller of 1958 ?
5 how many semblance was the 1940s collectible called a donald duck rubber boat ?
1 what category of patent did ermal fraze get in 1963 ?
4 jackson pollock was a native of what political unit ?
3 what rock group raised a disturbance at the white house by singing american woman ?
3 what english medical practitioner was born on january 18 , 1779 and went on to create two important inventions ?
3 who said : `` what contemptible scoundrel stole the bob from my lunch ? ''
4 What Australian city became the home of the America 's Cup ?
3 what california governor said : `` inaction may be the highest human body of action '' ?
0 what is the origin of the discussion marijuana ?
0 What is hyperopia ?
0 what is the origin of the saying `` a stitch in time saves nine '' ?
1 what happening of 1933 did the german nazis use to justify emergency decrees , imprisoning opponents and vesting more power in themselves ?
3 what president also became a supreme court natural virtue ?
4 what country is the point of the band the creeps ?
1 name one of the seven wonders of the ancient world .
1 what is the best selling calculator model ever ?
0 how is saline used in medical science ?
1 what 's the official communication of algeria ?
4 where can i find a world Titan map online at no charge ?
1 what 's the most popular interaction lens color ?
5 how many nautical mile are there between tel aviv , israel and memphis , tennessee ?
0 how do i stop background noise in a cable car stereo ?
4 where can i find the best free evidence for argument about russia ?
1 what chemical in red wine is good for the kernel and what exactly does it do to your body ?
0 Why do men snore ?
4 what u.s. state of matter has sagebrush as its state of matter flower ?
5 how many logarithmic scales are there on a slide concept ?
3 what actor and actress have made the most product ?
4 Where can one find Rider College ?
1 what would you add to the clay substance to produce bone china ?
3 Woodrow Wilson served as president of what university ?
1 What fast food is prepared with a `` secret blend of 11 herbs and spices ? ''
5 in what time period was the wall built ?
1 what 1927 silent product received an international revival in 1981 ?
4 what is drew barrymore 's email savoir-faire ?
3 what is the full name of the man who invented the multicolored game cube that has 42.3 large integer potential combinations ?
3 what title did shevardnadze have during the soviet earned run average ?
3 world health organization was the king world health organization signed the magna carta ?
5 how many e-commerce companies are started every time unit ?
3 Who released the Internet worm in the late 1980s ?
1 What is the term for the side of the mountain that faces the prevailing winds ?
5 how many propulsion can a stock m16 hold ?
1 What are the 7 principles of learning from the Institute for Research on Learning , IRL ?
1 what is the music used in the new vw beetle commercial where the motor vehicle spins and changes colors ?
4 what country is bounded in part by the indian ocean and coral and tasman ocean ?
5 what is the time it takes a typist to type a screenplay that is 100 page long ?
0 What are the distinct physical characterstics of the Arabian horse ?
0 how can i find out which cities have cable-modem right ?
3 Who used AuH2O as an election slogan ?
1 what are the names of all the u.s. navy craft carriers ?
4 What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?
1 what 's the tallest piece on a checkerboard ?
1 what was the name of robert fulton 's most famous boat ?
0 What is it like to experience a near death episode ?
3 who is the author of the script , `` the iron lady : a biography of margaret thatcher '' ?
0 What is a storm surge ?
3 who was hitler 's minister of information ?
5 how fast does the fastest cable car go ?
1 what cocktail inspired john doxat to write the publication stirred-not shaken ?
1 what kind of solid exist ?
1 what is a ball that hits the foul rod called ?
3 what russian artist spy lived in the u.s. under the name emil goldfus ?
3 who invented the newspaper clip ?
5 what percentage of the silver production is done by independent silversmith ?
1 What are common methods used to regulate monopolies ?
0 what is compaq 's deputation statement ?
0 what causes a causal agent to have constantly sweaty hands and feet ?
5 how many `` no '' answers was the what 's my line ? panel allowed ?
1 what 's the best property to lose the flab under your chin and around your face ?
0 how do you determine heating requirements for your residence ?
5 how much of the nation 's juvenile between the ages of two and eleven watch ` the simpsons ' ?
1 what is a fear of smell , body , ?
5 how long would it take for a $ savings bail to mature ?
1 what 1981 candice bergen-jacqueline bisset movie was a creation of 1943 's old acquaintance ?
5 How many people was Randy Craft convicted of murdering ?
3 who was the first total darkness to be head coach of a major league pro sports team ?
1 what was the name of captain bligh 's vessel ?
3 what comedienne calls her sister-in-collection captain bligh and her mother-in-collection moby dick ?
1 What kind of creature is a coot ?
1 what words in the english have two nucleotide 's back to back ?
4 what country has the highest arson magnitude relation ?
3 what english physician was born on january 18 , 1779 and went on to create two important invention ?
1 what new plot are available for nintendo 64 ?
5 what is the average hourly rate of american person ?
0 what is the history of buffalo wimp wings ?
0 what does the word camaro mean , from the gm motor vehicle the camaro ?
5 what percentage of world 's fresh water is found in canada ?
5 how many of them are in sandwich-saharan africa ?
5 How many referees work a soccer game ?
0 how do you convert foot-pounds to foot-column inch ?
1 what fast food is prepared with a `` secret blend of 11 vascular plant and spices ? ''
0 What does `` Janelle '' mean ?
3 who delivered his last broadcast on march 6 , 1981 ?
3 who was the captain of the tanker , exxon valdez , involved in the oil spill in prince william sound , alaska , 1989 ?
0 What is nuclear proliferation ?
1 what is 55 times sweeter than cane sweetening ?
5 how many hour of work does it take a typist to complete a 100-page screenplay ?
0 what makes a cyclone turn ?
1 what building complex is rum made from ?
1 in command from the top , the four stripes on a can of pepsi are what colors ?
3 Who invented Make-up ?
1 in what film did steven spielberg 's canine star as the main character 's canine ?
0 how do birds find their way back to the same place every class ?
1 what peter blatty novel recounts the fear of regan macneil 's possession by the devil ?
5 How long did the Paris Commune hold out for against the rest of France ?
1 what does the technique called `` cold fusion '' food ?
1 what stringed instrument fires a bolt ?
1 what hymn did john steinbeck get his championship the grapes of wrath from ?
1 which came first , according to genesis 1 : 2 : 22 - the chicken or the ovum ?
3 who is actress goldie hawn 's current actor lover ?
5 how much does a new line coal car cost ?
4 what country 's das kapital is tirana ?
1 what did the ancient call the four great elements ?
3 what relation did benjamin franklin play in the development of the newspaper in america ?
0 what does atmospheric phenomenon wave mean in japanese ?
1 when it 's case to relax , what one beer stands clear ?
1 what category of tree graces lebanon 's flag ?
4 where are some great educational assets for parents and teachers ?
0 what function does a community 's binary compound tower serve ?
3 what south african producer had a 1988 net income of $836 million ?
5 when did the royal ceremony of prince andrew and fergie take place ?
1 what erica jong novel deals with isadora wing 's concern ?
1 What video format was an alternative to VHS ?
0 How do you write a book report ?
1 what commodity 's shortage was the largest single factor in keeping north american cars off the anchorage during world war ii ?
3 whose acceptance speech of more than 3 minutes prompted a time extent on academy award thank-yous ?
1 what illness does katharine hepburn have that makes her voice shake ?
1 what is the fastest commercial car that can be bought in the us ?
4 what was the people of jackson pollock ?
4 where did freidreich wilhelm ludwig leichhardt , prussian born explorer , go to educational institution ?
0 how is globule wrap made ?
5 how many traveler have been on the moon ?
1 what organism did the amazing three masquerade as ?
1 What Triple Crown-winning horse took the 1973 Belmont Stakes by 31 lengths ?
5 In 1990 , what day of the week did Christmas fall on ?
4 what famed strip of real property is a 15-minute boat trip across the venetian lagoon from venice ?
1 what is grenada 's main commodity commodity ?
4 What country contains the westernmost point in South America ?
3 what was the backup tattle group for roy rogers ?
3 what is the name of the institution that manufactures the `` american girl '' doll collection ?
4 where can i find a worldly concern atlas map online at no charge ?
1 what ace-faring race brought about the inhumans on marvel 's earth ?
3 who designed london bridge ?
1 what soap was touted as being `` for group who like group '' ?
5 what debts did qintex abstraction leave ?
1 what was the sequel to the moon 's balloon ?
5 How many watts make a kilowatt ?
1 what category of guitar did jimi hendrix play ?
1 what nutrients are for healthy bones and tooth ?
1 what is the only vegetable that starts with `` omega '' ?
5 what are the dimensions of an ice field game goal ?
5 what is the rate of the mississippi river ?
5 What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?
0 How do you find out what is allowed to claim as a contibution for income tax purposes ?
1 what do bicornate organism have two of ?
3 who was gerald ford 's vice president of the united states ?
3 the name of the actor who played the detective in the product kindergarden cop is what ?
1 what marx brothers movie plaza on a stolen painting ?
4 what object sites are linked to the report on genesis eldercare ?
5 how much in miles is a ten k streak ?
3 name a canine wit character other than huckleberry hound to have a voice by daws butler .
1 who were john f. kennedy 's dog ?
1 What is the organizational structure of the New Delhi Indira Gandhi airport ?
1 what is a concern of water ?
3 what culture invented the arch ?
5 how many square animal foot is bill gates ' home ?
4 where is the kalahari biome ?
5 when were television camera introduced in malaysia ?
1 What kind of animal was Winnie the Pooh ?
5 how many endangered taxonomic group are there in the world ?
1 what were popular musical composition and types of musical composition in the 1920s ?
1 what is a fear of physical condition ?
0 how do i know causal agent is truly in love with me ?
1 what is another name for myopia ?
3 who is the prime minister in norway ?
3 who accompanied space ghost on his missions ?
1 what three semblance of ink are used to print a u.s. dollar bill ?
2 what is dsl ?
3 what was the name of the us helicopter original shot down over north korea ?
0 what do a diamond and lump of fossil fuel have in common ?
3 Who portrayed the title character in the film The Day of the Jackal ?
5 how many group are taller than 7 feet ?
4 where did wile e. coyote always get his device ?
5 how many communication does the pope speak ?
3 who was the first man to return to attribute ?
1 what element , from the periodic table , is a flatulence or a solid , but never a liquid ?
1 what `` heating in your mouth , not in your hands '' .
5 how long did the charles manson murder attempt last ?
3 who accompanied space ghost on his missions ?
3 who wrote : `` poems are made by fools like me but only god can make a tree '' ?
3 who did richard nixon tender his resignation to ?
1 What disease is transmitted by the Anopheles mosquito ?
0 Why do we call someone `` honey '' ?
0 Why did the Aztecs first think the Spanish were Gods ?
3 what major association baseball team compiled the best won-lost record between 1957 and 1983 ?
1 what is the full categorization of a lady bug ?
1 which infectious disease is the natural object 's deadliest ?
2 What does SIDS stand for ?
5 How many quarts of whole milk is needed to make one pound of butter ?
4 What is Bill Gates of Microsoft E-mail address ?
3 Who wrote The Collector ?
5 how many languages are there in the worldly concern ?
1 what intersection on the market is good for hiding facial scars ?
0 what did john f. kennedy consider his greatest mistake in office ?
3 Who was the first actress to appear on a postage stamp ?
1 what cleansing agent prevents eczema , seborrhea , and psoriasis ?
1 what military action added jeep and quisling to the english language ?
0 What kind of greeting is appropriate to send on Yom Kippur ?
3 what suburban wife and mother of three wrote the feminine mystique ?
3 Which Vietnamese terrorist is now a UN delegate in Doonesbury ?
1 which of many numbered excise of scotch was judged best by a panel of experts in 1863 ?
1 what visual property is the eight-ball in pocket billiards ?
0 what is the point of the term soda jerk ?
1 what is the term for a abstraction of geese ?
1 What does the technique called `` cold fusion '' produce ?
3 Who are Woody Woodpecker 's niece and nephew ?
0 what is the deviation between a preface and a foreword ?
1 What is a language spoken by the Sioux ?
0 What does caliente mean , in English ?
3 who won the rugby world cup in ?
4 where can i find out the top 1 single ?
5 how many bottles of wine were unfortunate in the bastille allowed per day ?
3 what president hit the jogging way to enhance his athletic image and , sporting no. 39 , almost collapsed during the road race ?
5 What is the chemical reactivity of neon ?
1 what tv serial changed the names to protect the innocent ?
4 Where on the Internet can I find information on laundry detergent ?
1 what is a term for behavior , appearance , or expression that violates the accepted standards of sexual ethical motive ?
3 What title did Shevardnadze have during the Soviet era ?
3 who was the democratic politician in the american presidential election ?
5 What can you be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
5 what seven digit follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
3 what son of a 15-year-old mexican woman and a half-irish father became the world 's most famous greek ?
1 what is the only primate to lack coloring material in the palms of its hands ?
1 name the soft drink that is `` amount one in the sun . ''
5 what fourth dimension of day did emperor hirohito die ?
1 What scale measures earthquakes ?
0 what are some fun thing to do in cozumel , mexico for teenagers ?
5 When was the San Francisco fire ?
4 what new england state carries the telephone sphere code 27 ?
3 who is the director and skilled worker of the movie big starring tom hanks ?
3 which german president of the united states was pressured into appointing hitler chancellor in 1933 ?
3 what french designer declared : `` the trouser is the destructor ! it is a dictator ! it is destroying creativity. the trouser must be stopped ! '' ?
4 Where was Richard Nixon when Gerald Ford became president ?
0 why is the moon different sizes and semblance ?
3 who released the internet worm in the late 1980s ?
1 What element , from the Periodic Table , is a gas or a solid , but never a liquid ?
3 Who manufactures the software , `` PhotoShop '' ?
1 What famed tennis tournament 's men 's singles title was Fred Perry the last Englishman to win ?
3 who was scrooge 's dead collaborator in dickens 's a christmas carol ?
5 What year did the Vietnam War end ?
0 how has tv affected our social group ?
3 What people make up half the Soviet Union 's population ?
0 why do people get goosebumps when they have something emotional happen to them , like when they hear a beautiful piece of music , or see something beautiful , or get aroused by person they love ?
3 what level of politics or politicsal agency is responsible for dealing with racism ?
4 What U.S. state includes the San Juan Islands ?
4 what nation is proud to claim volcano national park ?
1 what beverage bar created by frank mars and his wife is often called a milky way with peanuts ?
0 what is `` the only cigarette made with no leftover '' ?
1 what is the term for the sum of all genetic fabric in a given organism ?
5 how much folic compound should a pregnant woman get each day ?
0 What does Esa-Pekka Salonen look like ?
3 what doctor claimed in a 1946 book : `` there is no such situation as a bad boy '' ?
0 how do you write a correct critical psychoanalysis of a poem ?
3 who are woody woodpecker 's niece and nephew ?
3 who wrote : `` poems are made by fools like me but only god can make a tree '' ?
3 who invented the fax machine ?
3 who is the fastest guitarist ?
5 how much did varian associates try to sell its vacuum intersection division to the boc group for ?
1 what are the top 5 fiction books of all fourth dimension ?
4 where are good science sites on the internet ?
1 What did the pyramid-builders of Egypt mainly eat ?
1 What was the alternate to VHS ?
5 how many vertebrate foot more than 2 is the average height of the great wall of china ?
3 Who is the premier of China ?
3 who played the title duty in i was a teenage werewolf ?
0 what kind of childhood did jules verne have ?
0 how do birds find their property back to the same place every year ?
1 What other name were the `` Little Rascals '' known as ?
0 what 's the origin of the discussion ` news ' ?
5 what percent liked thatcher after she had been in quality for a decade ?
1 What 's the slowest Olympic swimming stroke ?
3 whose acceptance speech of more than 3 moment prompted a time limit on academy award thank-yous ?
4 what metropolis landmark was first introduced in the superman cartoons of the 1940 's ?
0 what are a baseball unit 's firemen ?
5 what section of gone with the wind has rhett butler leaving scarlett o 'hara ?
1 what net activity sees its women 's world amateur champions receive the uber cup ?
4 what square is the geographical area of london ?
4 what country in 1998 had the most suicide regardless of population size ?
1 what are the names of the different digit ?
0 what is the difference between terry fabric and french terry ?
0 What are `` inkhorn terms '' ?
1 what is the music used in the new vw beetle commercial where the car spins and variety colors ?
3 what son of a 15-year-old mexican girl and a half-irish father became the worldly concern 's most famous greek ?
5 How long is the border between Canada and the 48 conterminous states ?
4 what is the oldest website on the internet ?
0 how do you match a name to a social safety number ?
3 what mystery writer penned `` ...the glory that was greece , and the magnificence that was rome '' ?
5 what is the goat population of the natural object ?
1 What Judith Rossner novel was made into a film starring Diane Keaton ?
0 why do people shake work force to show friendliness ?
1 What is the softest part of the body ?
0 what phenomenon does friction have on perpetual motion ?
5 how many mine can still be found in the falklands after the war ended ?
0 How can I get a CCT diagram ?
3 who kept the most famous diary in the english terminology ?
3 who reports the weather on the `` good morning america '' television show ?
1 What kind of fruit is a Yellow Transparent ?
1 What do you call a Poker hand with five cards of the same suit ?
3 what is the real name of sound recording jockey `` wolfman jack '' ?
1 which body covering care product told us `` hate that gray , wash it away '' ?
0 what is the secret of the population ?
5 what seven digits follow the area code in the number for long spacing information ?
3 name the person who burst through the filmdom in the lite beer commercials .
0 What do Mormons believe ?
1 what film canine is buried in pere-lachaise site in paris ?
3 who is king in alley oop 's home of moo ?
1 what `` little red car '' is mentioned in dad singer prince 's hit song ?
5 how many rows of whisker does a cat have ?
1 what 's the most powerful paper in euchre ?
0 How does ultraviolet light damage the DNA of skin cells ?
4 where does the tennis ace stefan edberg come from ?
0 what is the origin of the discussion , magic ?
3 who was the first actress to appear on a charge stamp ?
5 how many multitude did randy steven craft murder ?
1 What two colors are you blind to if you suffer from protanopia ?
3 what asian spiritual and political person was married at the age of 13 ?
1 what organism has the biggest eyes ?
4 name the nation which honecker lived in .
0 What is the origin of the surname of Braun ?
0 what is the history of spartacus , the roman slave and prizefighter ?
3 who commanded the french forces at the battle of orleans ?
3 who was the pride of the yankees ?
1 what is the longest english word that can be formed using just the first line of letters on a typewriter ?
5 what is the amount of american soldiers deployed to south korea ?
1 What 's an easy way to count the approximate number of fish in a lake ?
0 how do you write mla style bibliographies for an internet informant ?
4 what city 's the kickoff decimal point for climbs of mount everest ?
5 what is the current ticket menu from from cairo to barbados ?
3 what contemptible unwelcome person stole the cork from my lunch ?
0 why do recipe books recommend starting with cold binary compound when you boil something ?
1 What movie did Steven Spielberg direct in 1975 ?
3 what company markets a shampoo `` for brunet only '' ?
0 what causes plant disease sores in the mouth ?
1 what don mclean song laments the sidereal day buddy holly died ?
0 how do you send a movie transcript to hollywood so that it can be produced into a product ?
3 what architect originated the glass house designed the chicago federal center had a philosophy of `` less is more , '' and produced plans that were the harbinger of the california ranch house ?
0 what prompted the co-aviator of the enola gay to enter only `` my god '' in his log ?
0 what is a bone marrow animal tissue ?
4 where did he get the heading ?
0 what do the red-and-white badge on a barbershop pole stand for ?
1 what is a term for behavior , appearance , or expression that violates the accepted system of measurement of sexual morality ?
0 how do you throw a housewarming organization ?
0 How is Answers.com different from KnowPost.com ?
3 who makes the `` cross-your-intuition bra '' ?
5 how many superbowls have the emergency room won ?
4 what airport is on the piccadilly railway line ?
3 whoxygen graced the airwaves with such pearls as `` doxygen ya loxygen-oxygen-oxygenve me ? get naked , baby ! '' ?
0 how can you stop the scabies from poison ivy ?
5 how many times a sidereal day should you take a prescription marked `` q.i.d . '' ?
5 what amount of medium of exchange did the philippine ex-dictator marcos steal from the treasury ?
1 what is the high pitched sound that you hauricle in your auricle every now and then , but then it goes away , after a while ?
1 What was Franklin Roosevelt 's program for economic recovery called during the Great Depression ?
1 what four-legged creature did a cornell university study say would make valet 's best companion in space ?
3 who sued the dannon yougurt company for using a character named ron raider for promotion ?
3 what professional won the largest divorce settlement , $85 million , in u.s. history for sheika dena al-farri ?
4 What is the richest state in the U.S. ?
3 What President was buried at his ancestral home overlooking the Hudson River at Hyde Park , New York ?
1 what indoor mutant saw the phoenix inferno become the phoenix pride on july 14 , 1983 , when the temperature hit 111 degrees ?
5 by how much will the california state of matter gas tax rise by the year 2000 ?
4 Where can I find information about touring the Philippines ?
1 what is the most expensive car in the worldly concern ?
3 what woman has carried the most multiple parturition , twins , triplets , etc. , ?
1 What William Styron book is about a black preacher who leads a slave revolt ?
1 what animal dined on baked goods and oysters with a carpenter ?
4 On what river is Rome built ?
1 What foods contain vitamin B12 ?
1 what african animal are known as the big five ?
0 How did ` stat ' come to be used as an expression for quickly ?
1 what are other ways of getting stretch marks besides physical condition , weight loss , and weight lifting ?
0 how do you get bubblegum out of rug ?
1 what film was based on the dramatic composition everybody comes to rick 's ?
0 how can someone become a federal agentive role ?
3 What detective lives on Punchbowl Hill and has 11 children ?
0 what are a baseball team 's fireman ?
4 what ocean is the largest in the worldly concern ?
1 what coloring material poker chip is usually assigned the lowest value ?
4 What were the cities of Dickens 's A Tale of Two Cities ?
1 What game is fatal to anybody over 21 ?
0 what are the greek numeral ?
1 what weapon did the crossed slits in english castle accommodate ?
1 what playing card symbolizes change ?
0 what is making sexual love ?
3 What painter popularized soup cans and Brillo soap pad boxes ?
0 why do some people have two different color opinion ?
3 who makes the `` cross-your-heart bra '' ?
4 what general direction does the journey in around the world in 80 days proceed in ?
3 who won two gold medals in sport in the olympic games in calgary ?
1 what class of animal makes up more than two-thirds of known species ?
5 what was the average life anticipation during the stone age ?
1 what brew is ` rockin ' america ? ''
3 name of heroine in `` scruples '' ?
0 How can I determine the radius of an ellipse ?
1 what robert louis stevenson novel was inspired by deacon william brodie , a cabinetmaker by sidereal day and burglar by night ?
5 how many slab did the space shuttle columbia lose on its second flight ?
4 What city is served by Logan International Airport ?
0 What are tonsils for ?
5 What month were you born in if your birthstone is sardonyx ?
5 what was the price of varian associates ' vacuum products part ?
3 Who was The Pride of the Yankees ?
0 How does a hydroelectric dam work ?
3 what japanese manufacturer is known for both its pianos and its motor vehicle ?
0 what is the function of the addendum ?
3 What comedienne calls her sister-in-law Captain Bligh and her mother-in-law Moby Dick ?
0 how can sql question be improved ?
1 what kind of animal are dorsets , lincolns , oxfords and southdowns ?
5 what is the price for tuberculosis agent ?
0 how did group respond to the idea of the first millenium ?
5 How many dollars a day did Arthur Frommer say you could get by on in Europe in 1968 ?
1 what molecules include fluorine , metallic element and magnesium ?
1 what are common method acting used to regulate monopolies ?
3 who 's child was sweet pea on the popeye cartoon ?
3 who was the author of the famous fairy message `` snow white and seven dwarfs '' ?
3 who is the famous movie star who also acted as sewer commissioner of provo canyon , utah ?
0 how do i find out what cities are in a certain region code ?
1 what do sailors use to measure case ?
5 how many calories are in a solanaceous vegetable ?
2 What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?
4 which large u.s. city had the highest murder magnitude relation for 1988 ?
0 how do you calculate the change in enthalpy of a chemical chemical reaction ?
1 which infectious disease kills the most group worldwide ?
1 what is the chemical symbol for chemical element ?
0 How do I know if I 'm jealous of someone ?
1 What is the best-selling book of all time ?
3 who was the secretary of war in the civil war during the battle of gettysburg ?
0 what are the current immigration sacred text in us ?
3 what is the name of the pop singer whose birdcall became the theme birdcall for a brand of catsup ?
3 what california governor said : `` inmilitary action may be the highest form of military action '' ?
1 the attempt resulting from world war ii are known as what ?
5 How old is Benny Carter ?
0 what is the `` coppertop '' artillery ?
3 what are the first defamation of the famous husband-and-wife acting team of lunt and fontanne ?
1 what is it that walks on four stamina , then on two stamina , then on three ?
3 what 19th-century cougar died in the marquesas islands ?
5 What is the chemical reactivity of helium ?
4 what political unit is mount everest in ?
0 What does the name Calder mean ?
5 how many astronauts manned each project mercury formation ?
5 how many decimal point are there on a backgammon board ?
1 what judith rossner fiction was made into a film starring diane keaton ?
5 how long does it take to hike the entire appalachian trail ?
1 What is Latin for incompetent ?
1 what color is chablis ?
4 what island is home to statue called mauis ?
0 how is house of cards wrap made ?
3 what u.s. president had brothers-in-collection in the confederate army ?
3 what was the name of randy craft 's professional ?
1 what is the folklore message regarding birds ' nests and birds in christmas trees ?
4 what countries have the best science students ?
3 who plays the policeman in the movie `` kindergarten policeman '' ?
4 where are the haversian duct ?
1 what liquor is so `` mixable '' it is a one-brand bar ?
3 who plays shortstop for charlie brown 's baseball team ?
2 what is ram in the machine ?
3 who was the professional who represented randy steven craft ?
0 how do i register a trade language unit in north carolina ?
3 Which Bloom County resident wreaks havoc with a computer ?
5 how many real reproductive structure juices are there in a can of hawaiian punch ?
5 what percentage of children between the long time of two and eleven watch ` the simpsons ' ?
1 what shakespeare play opens with the line : `` now is the winter of our discontent.. . '' ?
5 How many sides does an obelisk have ?
1 what anesthetic did queen victoria allow to be used for the birth of her seventh juvenile , in 1853 ?
1 what human body-shifting menace did rom come to earth to fight ?
0 What is a geoscientist ?
3 Who made a boat out of gopher wood ?
3 who was the first woman in quad ?
4 What state was Herbert Hoover born in ?
4 what are the five richest political unit in the world ?
3 what well-known tv talk show host was a lay preacher by the fourth dimension he was seventeen ?
5 how large is the arctic refuge to preserve unique wildlife and wilderness value on alaska 's geographical area coast ?
1 what four-legged creature did a cornell university study say would make man 's best companion in quad ?
3 who was tiny tim 's founder ?
5 When was General Manuel Noriega ousted as the leader of Panama and turned over to U.S. authorities ?
5 how many bail are there in a cricket wicket ?
5 What is Judy Garland 's date of birth ?
3 who was president cleveland 's wife ?
0 How can people from Ireland come to the U.S. , work , and then return to Ireland ?
1 what penalty space lies between baltic avenue and reading railroad on a monopoly board ?
4 where do canine live ?
0 what is a dental root channel ?
1 what did san francisco 's milt harper grow that measured 24 inches from end to end in 1974 ?
0 what is the difference between neoclassical creation and romanticism creation ?
4 what state on the gulf of mexico has its lowest point five animal foot below sea level ?
1 which grammatical category has bigger thighs ?
1 what were million of kids wearing on their heads in 1955 ?
1 what is the best way to remove paper ?
3 what u.s. vice-president said : `` some newspapers dispose of their drivel by printing it '' ?
1 what are the two largest vertebrate on earth ?
3 which ship's company claimed to be `` the world 's biggest toy store '' ?
0 what causes person to be ticklish ?
3 name the two actress daughter of john mills .
4 Mississippi has what name for a state nickname ?
5 what percentage of the world 's plant and animal taxonomic group can be found in the amazon forests ?
0 What is the history of skateboarding ?
0 what is the beginning of the surname of braun ?
4 what country has the geographic point of haifa ?
5 how many school district are there in the united states ?
0 What is magnetar ?
1 which side of the face do most artists tend to show more of in consciousness-portraits ?
5 How long is the Coney Island boardwalk ?
0 what is quality between a poster and a print ?
3 What Soviet leader owned a Rolls-Royce ?
3 what actor , who had greatest honor on tv , became the father of triplets ?
3 who invented astroturf ?
0 what is the history of valentine 's day game ?
3 who was the first womanhood to fly solo across the atlantic ?
3 which one of the original seven mercury platform astronauts did not fly on any of the mercury flights ?
3 Who 's the twin brother of the Greek goddess Artemis ?
1 what course of candy products included super skrunch and peanut butter oompas ?
3 who portrayed the title character in the movie the day of the jackal ?
0 how does a ice mass form ?
0 what causes `` rolling big h '' ?
4 Where did the Japanese Imperial Forces surrender to end WWII ?
1 what song put james taylor in the prominence ?
1 what rummy is so `` mixable '' it is a one-brand bar ?
1 what is the best manner to travel in japan ?
4 where can i find a lesson plan for teaching the metric instrumentality conversion to american standard ?
5 How many revolutions does a standard LP make in three minutes ?
5 how many multitude visit the pope each month ?
0 what 's a `` coup de poing '' to a french combatant ?
3 whadeoxythymidine monophosphate famous coach said `` if you can 'deoxythymidine monophosphate beadeoxythymidine monophosphate 'em in deoxythymidine monophosphatehe alley , you can 'deoxythymidine monophosphate beadeoxythymidine monophosphate 'em on deoxythymidine monophosphatehe ice '' ?
1 What is the longest-running television series ?
3 what tv talk-show host lends his name to a course of men 's clothing ?
0 Where did the term `` 86 '' come from ?
1 what international amateur diversion spectacle was first telecast in 1956 ?
1 what tv station did mary richards work for ?
0 what is graduate educational institution ?
3 who was the mother of the valet who would not be king , the duke of windsor ?
4 what political unit boasts the most cars per mile of road ?
1 what is chiricahua the language unit of ?
4 where can i find a database of all the companies in america that offer a direct stock purchase plan ?
0 what type of time of life did jules verne have ?
0 how can scientists predict weather by observing swarm ?
0 what is the definition of the word `` weapons system '' ?
5 how much in linear unit is a ten k run ?
1 what baseball outcome required nine game equipment in 1879 , eight game equipment in 1880 and seven game equipment in 1881 ?
3 who is desmond tutu ?
5 how many people in the usa say their amount one source of information is the newspaper ?
1 who was the first animal into attribute ?
4 what design represents a hunter with club and shield ?
1 what brand of white liquor is still made in cuba ?
0 what exactly , specifically does rest do for you ?
0 what is `` option '' anymore ?
1 what part of their attire were `` hook '' to cowboys of the old west ?
0 how do you exterminate bee that are in the walls of your home ? will bee eggs remain over winter ?
3 What American won the world Grand Prix driving championship in 1978 ?
3 who is the communicator of the book , `` the iron lady : a biography of margaret thatcher '' ?
4 what colorful sea 's location does greek legend say the amazons lived near ?
0 what are the most common causes of change in the u.s. ?
5 How many Jews were executed in concentration camps during WWII ?
0 what is the origin of the typing practice conviction `` now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their country '' ?
4 What city did the Flintstones live in ?
3 who should i call to get a journey of the new york stock exchange ?
1 what is `` the soft drink for person '' ?
0 what are the benefits of home plate school ?
1 what european race sees the achiever of its mountain stage awarded a jersey with large red polka dots ?
1 What George Harrison tune sounded too much like He 's So Fine by The Chiffons ?
1 what category of creatures are the canary islands named for ?
0 What 's the rathaus in Frankfurt ?
0 how can i search for a discussion within my own webpage ?
5 what is the monetary value for aaa 's liability auto insurance ?
5 what ratio of juvenile of ages between two and eleven watch ` the simpsons ' ?
0 What do I need to learn to design web pages ?
1 what juvenile 's tale contains the line : `` come , cinderslut , and hold this skein of wool for me '' ?
3 what 2th-time period fictional character attends pencey prep school ?
3 what comedienne calls her sister-in-law captain bligh and her parent-in-law moby dick ?
1 what was the name of the ball activity played by the mayans ?
5 how far do you have to run if you hit a residence run ?
4 what is the homelite inc. home leaf ?
3 what longtime game entertainment host dropped dead while jogging in central park in 1984 ?
1 What are the stars made of ?
3 what u.s. president showed a fondness for munching on bee pollen gymnastic apparatus ?
0 what does n eastern time-ce pas mean ?
4 where are the leading medical groups specializing in lung disease ?
5 how many fig newtons are there to the avoirdupois unit ?
0 What is an Angelus ?
1 what is the softest relation of the body ?
0 What does Lloyd 's Lutine Bell announce ?
3 who was considered to be the father of psychology ?
4 where can i find the lyrics for the song ` getting married today ' from the musical ` company ' ?
0 what is the beginning of the word `` sideburns '' ?
1 name a commodity that controls the ripening of apples .
4 where can i find data on george bush ?
4 what country is the biggest manufacturer of tungsten ?
3 what ethnic group introduced the theme of potlatch ?
5 how much money does a back injury proceeding get ?
1 what chess outcome results when a actor has no legal move ?
1 what net game sees its women 's worldly concern amateur champions receive the uber cup ?
1 What was the name of the peace agreement imposed on Germany after World War I ?
4 where is the largest post office construction in the world ?
5 how many e-department of commerce companies are started every day ?
4 What African country was founded by freed American slaves in 1847 ?
0 What is the English meaning of caliente ?
5 how deep is a linear unit ?
3 name a south african diamond maker ?
1 what is a fear of movement ?
5 what is the life expectancy of an pachyderm ?
4 What is worth seeing in Reims ?
5 what sidereal day is known as the `` national sidereal day of prayer '' ?
3 who is the leading rival of trans union company ?
3 Name the two youngsters saved by the animated Moby Dick .
0 How does a chick breathe inside an egg ?
3 What actor and World War II airman had a $5 , 0 bounty put on his head by Hermann Goering ?
1 what intersection `` doubles your pleasure , doubles your fun '' ?
5 by how much will the california state gas levy rise by the year 2000 ?
1 what are different commodity of petroleum ?
0 What is a swatch ?
4 Where in the Bible does it tell about Jesus Christ 's brothers and sisters ?
1 what kind of document did ermal fraze get in 1963 ?
3 What double talking `` professor '' holds a doctorate in Nothing ?
3 which company that manufactures video-plot hardware sells the `` super system '' ?
3 Who was the king who was forced to agree to the Magna Carta ?
1 what 's the largest letter in salvador dali 's name ?
5 how many coinage of the great white shark are there ?
3 Who said `` What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''
1 what hymn did john steinbeck get his heading the grapes of wrath from ?
3 who claimed to be the world 's most perfectly-developed valet ?
5 in what time period did thatcher gain power ?
1 what is a emotion of water ?
4 what is the nation of origin for the name thomas ?
3 who was the charlie smell woman ?
4 what political unit 's capital was formed when pesth and buda merged ?
1 what kind of currency is used in china ?
4 where can i get a function of prussia on the internet ?
1 what is the language unit of a book written by aaron hass ?
1 what are the first six password of dickens 's a tale of two cities ?
0 What features of the African elephant are larger than those of the Indian elephant ?
3 What Pope inaugurated Vatican International Radio ?
0 what 's the quality between sleet and freezing rain ?
1 what kind of weapon were used in medieval warfare ?
5 What 's the population of Mississippi ?
1 what card plot can feature dealer 's choice ?
1 what color are a cherry woody plant 's flowers ?
5 how many depression are on a dime ?
4 what southern california township is named after a character made famous by edgar rice burroughs ?
0 how do i find a web code for a company ?
0 what is the quality between ninjitsu and kung fu ?
5 how many corporate executive have died on the 4th of july ?
1 what is the chemical mathematical statement for napalm ?
3 what name does the world know renaissance creator kyriakos theotokopoulos by ?
1 what 's been the ruin of many a poor son in new orleans ?
3 what institution has built more than 2.5 billion little green houses since 1935 ?
0 how is isotonic solution used in medicine ?
1 what was john f. kennedy 's 1960 political campaign song ?
3 what u.s. president showed a fondness for munching on bee pollen browning automatic rifle ?
1 in what publication can i find the story of aladdin ?
5 when did cnn go on the air travel ?
5 what is the chemical reactivity of chemical element ?
1 what color are a cherry tree 's angiosperm ?
5 what seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance message ?
3 what storehouse claims to be the world 's largest department storehouse ?
4 What was the first country to put a second woman in space ?
1 What was introduced commercially by Bayer A.G. of Leverkusen , in 1899 ?
5 how many event make up the decathlon ?
3 which ventura county police department seized the largest hard drug shipment in it 's history ?
1 What color is the stripe along each side of a Coho salmon ?
3 what was the ventura region police department that seized the region 's largest amount of cocaine ever ?
1 what circuit board game has variations called canfield , klondike and spider ?
0 what do bee hypersensitivity reaction do in cranberry bogs ?
4 What Caribbean island is sometimes called Little England ?
5 in what year was the first patent for the pull-tab opener on can obtained ?
1 what letter appears on the cold-binary compound tap in spain ?
4 what building built in 18 contains 327 miles of book shelf ?
3 What singer 's theme song was When the Moon Comes over the Mountain ?
1 What does a tarantula eat ?
1 what is a emotion of glass ?
3 who was the russian ambassador to hungary during the 1956 conflict ?
3 who sings angel eyes from the 80 's ?
1 what broadway musical featured the musical composition , `` if i were a rich man ? ''
3 Who played the title role in My Favorite Martian ?
4 what north american city sprouts the most parking metric linear unit ?
1 what can i use to remove the stubborn gummed labels from some diskette ?
5 how many points make up a perfect fivepin bowling evaluation ?
1 what will a kid eat the middle of , and save the beverage on the outside for last ?
5 How much did the first Barbie doll sell for in 1959 ?
1 what tv series featured neal , a martini-drinking st. bernard ?
5 how many metric weight unit are in a gram ?
1 What did British companies stick 175 , 0 tons of tea into in 1982 ?
1 what did jack exchange with the butcher for a handful of attic ?
5 what is the chemical sensitivity of neon ?
4 where can an person get a contact lens tested that burned the entire surface of eye when new ?
4 where are 8 of the 10 highest natural elevation in the world ?
0 what is the difference between pop music and rock and rotation ?
1 name the floor by chris van allsburg in the which a boy tries to become a great sailor ?
3 what classical spanish writer warned : `` all that glitter is not gold '' ?
1 what is the softest character of the body ?
5 what 's the american monetary unit equivalent for 8 pounds in the u.k. ?
4 Where can I find a list of all the companies in America that offer a direct stock purchase plan ?
3 what is a society ruled by adult ?
1 what animal do buffalo means come from ?
3 who was the first president to appoint a woman to head a cabinet ?
1 what credit rating card features a centurion on its face ?
0 how can i find a phone number of someone if i only know their email code ?
1 who was the first animal into space ?
1 what is the chemical signal for nitrogen ?
5 how many stradivarius violin were ever made ?
3 who does data solicitation in tourism ?
0 what is the historical kinship of catholic church and bingo ?
5 how many elephant are left on earth ?
3 who killed caesar ?
3 which of the following famous group does not paint as a hobby ?
1 what 's the word for broken glass or sharp natural object embedded in cement on top of a wall ?
4 what london street claims to be the world center for work force 's tailoring ?
1 what condition does a czech use to describe a pole ?
1 what star-faring contest brought about the inhumans on marvel 's earth ?
3 what robust u.s. president imported his own educator after seeing a judo match ?
3 what cigar-chewing comedian observed : `` you 're only as old as the womanhood you feel '' ?
3 what fool is not so wise to lose an oath to win a region ?
4 where can i find a lesson plan for teaching the metric system transformation to american standard ?
1 what first-aid product `` helps the ill health stop ill healthing '' ?
5 Hitler came to power in Germany in what year ?
0 what makes noise ?
3 name the cartoon genie conjured by the magic sound shared by nancy and chuck .
3 name the fast food series with the golden arches .
4 what is the greatest hiking web web site ?
0 what is the difference between optical and digital visual communication ?
1 Name the soft drink that is `` number one in the sun . ''
3 Who wrote the bestselling Missionary Travels and Researches in South Africa , published in 1857 ?
3 who is section manager for message and control systems at jpl ?
1 what was the top box position movie in april 1998 ?
5 when did gothic art and building flourish ?
1 What are the 7 articles of the constitution ?
1 what is the english transformation for the word `` caliente '' ?
0 what is `` the machine for the rest of us '' ?
5 how many people die from snakebite physical condition in the u.s. per year ?
1 What TV game show once saw a contestant admit to picking his toes in the shower ?
0 what is a `` node '' in calculator terms ?
1 what kind of weapons were used in medieval war ?
3 what phonograph record company produced the 1978 movie the wiz ?
0 in waugh 's `` a handful of dust , '' what does the mad old valet force the hero to do every afternoon ?
4 what are the largest desert in the world ?
5 what electronic equipment number can i call to have a tree planted ?
3 what british prime minister and u.s. president were seventh cousin once-removed ?
1 what six words follow the line : `` from a mariner to a king.. . '' ?
4 what is the u.s. object of procter & gamble corporate offices ?
5 how many double-word-score spaces are there on a scrabble crossword game committee ?
1 what are new calculator games for windows 95 or 98 ?
4 what airport is on the piccadilly metro line ?
1 what are the four most widely-used communication in north america ?
4 What city 's theatrical district has been dubbed The Roaring Forties ?
3 What Indian tribe is F Troop perpetually doing battle with ?
3 who was the first american world brome champion ?
5 how many child under 18 are victims of some sort of physical abuse each year ?
5 How many times more than 3
3 Who is the actress Bette Davis once said she wished she looked like ?
1 what 's the only work by michelangelo that bears his name ?
3 who is the richest person in the world , without owning a business ?
0 What is the largest variety of cactus ?
4 what capital is built around monument circle which contains soldiers and sailor monument ?
0 where did the word `` 86 '' come from ?
0 what is the difference between new york-style and chicago-style dish ?
4 what 's the world 's longest mixture bridge ?
5 How many states have a `` lemon law '' for new automobiles ?
1 what football bowl game 's first fagot was hallie woods ?
1 what is the weakest bone in the consistency ?
1 What 's the second-biggest-selling magazine in America ?
3 what honeymooners actress did television magazine name as 1953 's most promising star ?
0 What was the filling in the first golf balls ?
4 what city is near the sass of the amazon ?
1 what is a emotion of shadows ?
0 hoxygenw did the jack-oxygen '-lantern get it 's name ?
0 What are a baseball team 's firemen ?
3 what well-known tv talk entertainment host was a lay preacher by the time he was seventeen ?
3 Who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver ?
0 what is the beginning of the word , magic ?
0 what baseball countenance came from the nautical term for ships sailing between the atlantic and pacific before the panama canal ?
3 who replies `` i know '' to princess leia 's confession `` i love you '' in the empire strikes back ?
0 Why did the chicken cross the road ?
1 what will a juvenile eat the middle of , and save the chocolate on the outside for last ?
3 who runs andy capp 's favorite tavern ?
3 who made the depropertyant that claimed that it `` actually builds up resistance to property '' ?
3 what two president of the u.s. published books of poetry ?
3 who designed london bridge ?
1 What was Simple Simon fishing for in his mother 's pail ?
0 What is a biologist ?
1 what card game can feature dealer 's option ?
3 What U.S. general was court-martialled for criticizing American air power ?
3 what doctor is synonymous with footwear and foot concern ?
3 who is luke skywalker 's father ?
4 What French seaport claims to be The Home of Wines ?
0 what are the twin cities ?
1 what category of animal was winnie the pooh ?
5 how many island make up antigua ?
1 what serial of trials followed world war ii ?
5 In which year was the cartoon character Chilly Willy created ?
4 name the country of giants twelve time period the size of man in `` gulliver 's travels . ''
5 What geological time do we live in ?
3 who was the star of leave it to beaver ?
4 Where is McCarren Airport ?
1 What class is categorized as the bourgeoisie ?
1 what tv series features the adventures of a married pair named jonathan and jennifer ?
1 what did louis cartier invent for skilled worker santos dumont in 1940 ?
3 Who is the director of the international group called the Human Genome Organization , HUGO , that is trying to coordinate gene-mapping research worldwide ?
3 what tv detective did craig stevens play ?
1 what visual property was the hundred billionth crayon made by crayola ?
3 Who made the first gas engine ?
3 who thought he 'd never see a poem lovely as a tree ?
3 who was the captain of the tanker , exxon valdez , involved in the lipid spill in prince william sound , alaska , 1989 ?
1 what is the biggest `` matter '' humans have made ?
4 what stream flows past the temple of karnak ?
4 what new england state carries the telephone region code 27 ?
4 what georgia town did scarlett o 'hara condemn as being full of pushy multitude ?
5 what 's a perfect sexual conquest in a gymnastics exercise ?
0 How can I easily remove red wine stains from t-shirts ?
1 what coloring material of monopoly properties are landed on most often ?
0 what is the origin of u.s. army sergeant 's band ?
1 what musical instrument did prewitt play in james jones 's from here to eternity ?
3 what unit did baseball 's st. louis browns become ?
3 what is the name of a greek deity ?
0 what causes causal agent to be ticklish ?
3 what is the name of the pop singer whose song became the theme song for a brand of condiment ?
3 who developed potlatch ?
4 what south korean municipality is served by kimpo international airport ?
1 What is a film starring Jude Law ?
1 what is a research expedition in mountain rise ?
0 what is the spectrum of a sine movement ?
5 how much medium of exchange does the sultan of brunei have ?
1 what is april 's gem ?
5 what is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 multitude will have the same birthday ?
1 What took first prize in Omni magazine 's contest to find the `` ultimate unanswerable question '' ?
0 how can i get a cct drawing ?
1 what became the biggest cash crop in the u.s. in 1983 , surpassing corn whiskey ?
5 how many nipple does a female goat sport ?
5 what case does wee willie winkie run through the town ?
0 why are pod butter cookies topped with crisscrosses ?
1 what is a emotion of speaking ?
0 What caused Shea & Gould to close their L.A. office ?
1 What is a 2-sided object called ?
0 what is the largest collection of cactus ?
3 what tv family sometimes buys eclairs from nelson 's bakery ?
1 what is a fear of vertebrate ?
4 what french seaport assertion to be the home of wines ?
5 what was the number of defamation and attempts to assassinate in the u.s. since 1865 ?
1 what does a drunkard crave ?
1 what letter is to the right of k on a typewriter keyboard ?
3 who does shakespeare 's antonio borrow 3 , 0 ducats from ?
3 which police department made the all-fourth dimension biggest cocaine bust in ventura county ?
0 what caused the lynmouth geological phenomenon ?
0 what is the difference between father music and rock and roll ?
5 how much folic acid should an expectant parent get daily ?
0 What did Richard Feynman say upon hearing he would receive the Nobel Prize in Physics ?
1 what was the language unit of captain bligh 's ship ?
1 what film opens with an murderer tumbling from the seattle space needle ?
5 how much money are dumbo 's auricle insured for ?
5 when did fraze get his first patent for the wrench-tab can ?
5 When do you plant winter wheat ?
4 what country saw the point of the asian flu ?
1 how do you say , `` i love you '' in other terminology ?
3 which corporate executive of the usa were masons ?
0 what is it like to experience a near end episode ?
1 what methamphetamine creams contain seaweed ?
3 what company was the original sponsor of tv 's superman ?
0 what is the definition of material ?
4 where does barney rubble go to work after he drops fred off in the `` flintstones '' cartoon ordering ?
5 in what time period was the berlin wall erected ?
1 what field sport did dentist william beers promote and write a standard publication of rules for ?
4 what u.s. administrative district records the least rainfall ?
0 Hazmat stands for what ?
4 what was the tallest structure in america in 1922 ?
4 where is the largest position office building in the world ?
0 what is meant by the term `` yield to maturity '' in remark to bonds ?
3 what ship's company tabulates the ballots in voting for the academy awards ?
1 what does the technique called `` cold union '' produce ?
1 What did Abolitionists try to end ?
4 what nevada plaza has been dubbed the biggest little city in the world ?
5 how many american soldier are stationed in south korea ?
5 what is the angular distance and longitude of el paso , texas ?
4 where do you find the statement for all these questions ?
1 what is a term for behavior , appearance , or expression that violates the accepted criterion of sexual morality ?
4 What London museum features a Chamber of Horrors ?
0 where did cannabis come from ?
1 what tv series changed the names to protect the innocent ?
3 What television network flogged its sports programming on Inga Nielsen 's body in 197 ?
4 what mountainous area of the world is the lhasa apso dog native to ?
0 where did the name root brew come from ?
1 which soft beverage does madonna advertise for ?
0 How do I get my LAN card activated so that it can hook up to another computer without using a HUB ?
3 what professional sports league originated the college gulp ?
4 in what municipality is the us declaration of independence located ?
4 what body of water in scotland is said to hold one or more monsters ?
5 how many slope does a heptagon have ?
1 what coloring material is mr. spock 's blood ?
1 what is the electronic device used to produce visual displays corresponding to electric signal ?
0 What was the outcome of the 1945 Yalta Conference ?
4 what are the two municipality in dicken 's `` a tale of two municipality '' ?
4 Where did guinea pigs originate ?
1 What TV quiz show left the air in 1975 to the tune of Vera Lynn 's We 'll Meet Again ?
0 how do you write mla style bibliography for an internet source ?
1 what was the name of the ball game played by the maya ?
1 what device provided a new way to listen to auditory communication in 1963 ?
3 who is the current prime minister and corporate executive of russia ?
3 what english queen had six fingers on one handwriting ?
0 what must a las vegas blackjack merchant do when he reaches 16 ?
5 of child between the ages of two and eleven , what percentage watch `` the simpsons '' ?
0 why do some jets have a vaporization trail , and others do not ?
3 Who was the first American citizen awarded the Albert Medal of the Society of Arts ?
3 Who said , `` I shall return . '' during World War Two ?
0 what effects do nitrate have on the environment ?
1 what is change to business and government caused by bureaucracy ?
3 what company was the original patron of tv 's superman ?
4 What country was first to use the airplane as a weapon of war , against the Turks in Libya ?
4 what municipality does orly airport serve ?
0 What does an echidna look like ?
4 what california bay 's largest land is angel land ?
5 When did Fraze get his first patent for the pull-tab can ?
3 who was the last u.s. president to reinstate selective service registration ?
3 who 's the lead singer of the led zeppelin band ?
1 what are the top vegetable output in the world ?
1 what do you call a date that contains sequencing act , like 9-8-98 ?
4 what is drew barrymore 's electronic communication address ?
3 what is the language unit of the pop singer whose song became the theme song for a brand of catsup ?
0 how did the mariner-o '-lantern get it 's name ?
4 Where do the Blackhawks maintain their operations ?
1 what are the top 5 fabrication books of all time ?
5 What do Englishmen weigh themselves in ?
4 What arch can you see from the Place de la Concorde ?
3 what famous meat institution went out of business because it became known that the underworld had been selling them kangaroo meat ?
0 what is the atmospheric phenomenon like on the moon ?
4 What state was named the Green Mountain state ?
4 what is mark mcgwire 's e-chain mail address ?
3 what comedian has a legendary reputation for stealing wit ?
3 what international constitution was founded by clara barton ?
1 what ernest hemingway fiction had the working title fiesta ?
4 What city is the Kentucky Horse Park near ?
1 what is administrative district tree of nebraska ?
5 how many land make up antigua ?
5 what 's the people of biloxi , mississippi ?
5 how many decimal point is a disk in the center hole worth in crokinole ?
0 What is `` the washed vodka '' ?
0 What are the benefits of a rowing machine ?
1 what color is the structure on switzerland 's flag ?
0 where did the word fireplug come from ?
3 what was the language unit of the titanic 's captain ?
4 what nation was brian boru an 11th-century king of ?
1 What are the best ways to improve employee morale at low cost ?
5 what is the focal ratio of the mississippi river ?
5 how many people did randy steven craft homicide ?
5 what case of year is air travel the heaviest ?
3 who was the inventor of silly cement ?
3 who was the first russian astronaut to walk in space ?
3 what future president became senate majority instrument under harry truman ?
0 what is a metric weight unit ?
3 who liberated 19th century sicily and naples ?
3 what british female pop singing star of the decade and early 1970s was a child actress in the 1940s and '50s ?
1 what is a fear of woody plant ?
3 who was the author of the novel `` far from the madding crowd '' ?
3 what writer-diarist made his mark describing colorful broadway and underworld characters ?
5 What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England ?
0 what is the quality between a preface and a foreword ?
0 what is word drag ?
5 what are the odds of giving birth to crystal ?
3 what dynasty ace made her 2th century-fox debut in the virgin queen ?
0 What was the verdict in the 1925 trial of John T. Scopes ?
1 what were the defamation of the three ships used by columbus ?
4 What is the largest natural lake in Pennsylvania ?
5 how many calories are there in soy sauce sauce ?
4 what city gained renown for its pea-soup fog ?
3 who makes the `` cross-your-kernel bra '' ?
1 what category of mammal is a colt ?
1 name the only extant trilogy of classical greek looseness .
1 what 's the southern cup of tea made of pigs ' small intestines ?
0 What is the purpose of a car bra ?
1 what is the chemical formula for gasoline ?
5 How far can a human eye see ?
3 what was the name given the 6 , 500 german military service troops that used the spanish civil war as a training exercise ?
3 United Nations agency is the son-in-law of sen. everett dirkson United Nations agency was also a senator in the '70 's ?
1 what did group use to freshen their breath before toothpaste ?
4 what nation 's capital is tirana ?
5 when were fish first believed to be found on ground ?
1 what is the main ingredient of dairy product ?
0 what is the contents of statement 98 ?
4 what direction do most baseball ballplayer pitch toward ?
1 what script was f. scott fitzgerald working on when he died in hollywood in 194 ?
1 what are the snake of new england ?
3 who is the prime minister of japan ?
1 what is the name of the american littime periodry time period that includes 1896 ?
1 what kind of sport did they play in the years 1642-1649 , the english civil war time ?
1 what is the language unit of a language spoken by the sioux ?
4 what asian political unit once thrilled to the sport of cricket fighting ?
5 how many bails are there in a cricket cricket equipment ?
0 what is main rational motive for that electric vehicles can 't be popular nowadays ?
0 what is the origin of the discussion `` attic '' ?
5 how many time of life did sleeping beauty sleep ?
5 how far is the longest hole in 1 on any golf education and where did it happen ?
1 what is a concern of everything ?
5 how many questions do you have on your information ?
4 What stadium do the Miami Dolphins play their home games in ?
4 what country is the worlds leading supplier of shrub ?
0 what is a virtual ip address ?
4 what state of matter does martha stewart live in ?
3 Name one of the major gods of Hinduism .
3 what russian composer 's prelude in c sharp minor brought him honor and fortune ?
4 what celestial body would you visit to see bebrenia , arcadia , and amazonis ?
0 what motto ended merrie melodies wit ?
5 what is the all-case stock high of apple computer , and where can i find this information ?
1 what was `` america 's recessed-device cigarette '' ?
1 What is a fear of rejection ?
0 what does the term glory trap mean ?
3 What president 's ghost is said to haunt the White House ?
1 what kind of education would you need to become an athletic leader for the nfl ?
3 what abstraction starred in the movie rock around the clock ?
0 what was the verdict in the 1925 attempt of john t. scopes ?
3 What college produced the most winning Super Bowl quarterbacks ?
4 Name the country of giants twelve times the size of man in `` Gulliver 's Travels . ''
0 how do i find a municipality if i have the area code ?
0 what is the difference between college and alumnus school ?
5 What is the average age of a member of the team that worked on the Manhatten Project ?
3 who painted mother and child ?
0 what did fcc presiding officer newton minow declare tv to be on may 9 , 1961 ?
0 why can 't adult serve in the navy on board submarines ?
1 what is a fear of worm ?
5 what date did man first real property on the moon ?
1 what are the four element ?
0 what are some children 's abstraction ?
5 how many grooves are on a dime 's boundary ?
1 what are the most common elements in water ?
5 what does an average childcare provider get paid in new england ?
2 cpr is the form for what ?
1 what tv game show once saw a contestant admit to picking his toes in the plumbing fixture ?
5 what is the weight unit of air ?
3 who created big ben ?
1 what `` melts in your mouth , not in your guardianship '' .
1 what common plant has a button , headdress , cup , gills , and ring ?
5 how many people own animal ?
5 how many multitude does honda employ in the u.s. ?
5 what sidereal day of the week was july 13 ?
0 what is the origin of chromatic color for boys and pink for girls ?
3 what is the name of the company that manufactures the `` american girl '' doll group ?
5 what seven digits follow the sphere code in the number for long distance information ?
1 what were millions of kid wearing on their heads in 1955 ?
5 How many airline schools are there in the U.S. ?
3 who was the lead actress in the movie ` sleepless in seattle ' ?
3 Who made the musical plea Be True to Your School ?
3 who invented the radio ?
4 What desert has the highest sand dunes ?
3 Who was the star of Leave It to Beaver ?
1 What blood sport features a movement called a veronica ?
3 who wrote the text to porgy and bess ?
5 how many airline school are there in the u.s. ?
1 what famed gangland killing cut into the membership of bugs moran 's outfit ?
1 what kind of water pollution are there ?
1 what 's approaching when a pedaler shouts : `` oil '' ?
5 what ratio of children of property between two and eleven watch ` the simpsons ' ?
3 what u.s. general was motor hotel-martialled for criticizing american air power ?
3 What U.S. vice-president once declared : `` If you 've seen one slum , you 've seen them all '' ?
1 what film or movie has jude law appeared in ?
5 what is the exchange rate for australian to american medium of exchange ?
3 what king boycotted prince charles 's marriage ?
4 where can i find information on the narragansett indians and other social group in rhode island ?
2 what does the abbreviation avoirdupois unit. ?
0 what is the origin of time ?
0 what does the hypothesis of quantum leaps mean in simpler terms ?
0 how can scientists predict weather by observing physical phenomenon ?
3 who is reputed to be the greatest maker of violins ?
3 what two new york yankee pitchers swapped spouse and families ?
5 how many landmass are there ?
1 what are different products of fossil fuel ?
0 what are the text to `` smelly cat '' ?
3 who is the only prime minister of canada to serve 22 time of life but not necessarily consecutively ?
3 Who thought he 'd never see a poem lovely as a tree ?
4 what nation was kim philby really working for ?
5 how many major nazi leaders went on attempt after the war at nuremberg ?
1 What 1981 Candice Bergen-Jacqueline Bisset movie was a remake of 1943 's Old Acquaintance ?
5 how many name are there for eskimo people ?
3 what famous musical performance cowboy owns the california angels baseball team ?
0 how is paraguay for leisure ?
1 what soft beverage held a national flavor poll in 1967 ?
1 which heavier-than-air craft was fawaz younis convicted of hijacking ?
4 what state full of milk and honey was the address in the grapes of wrath ?
3 who is ishmael in moby dick ?
3 Who does Shakespeare 's Antonio borrow 3 , 0 ducats from ?
0 How do they find an epicenter ?
0 what do a jewel and lump of coal have in common ?
1 what is the main component of yogurt ?
3 what double talking `` professor '' holds a doctorate in nothing ?
0 how do i know person is truly in love with me ?
3 who took over as conductor of the boston pops after arthur fiedler 's long time period ?
5 how many muscles does the average person use when going for a walk ?
4 where does the weird shape of the meal fish knife originate from ?
0 what is wetness ?
1 what do you call a `` fold '' in ballet ?
1 what is an example of a natural acid-base fact ?
5 How many megawatts will the power project in Indonesia , built by a consortium headed by Mission Energy of US , produce ?
1 what is the music used in the new vw beetle ad where the car spins and changes colors ?
4 what country is the largest diamond maker ?
3 what actress holds the record for the most appearance on the cover of life ?
5 what are the magnitude of an ice hockey goal ?
0 how do atmospheric phenomenon form ?
0 What does Freddy Freeman say to become Captain Marvel Jr. ?
5 what is the busiest gas travel season ?
5 What chapter of Gone with the Wind has Rhett Butler leaving Scarlett O 'Hara ?
1 name the four message contained in edith wharton 's `` old new york . ''
3 what famous singing cowboy owns the california angels ball game team ?
3 who was the 15th century fire-and-sulfur monk who gained control of florence but ended burnt at the stake ?
4 what country has the highest per capita pulmonary tuberculosis of cheese ?
5 what proportion of children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` the simpsons ' ?
5 what is the worldly concern record for the longest hair ?
4 what is the fastest growing state in the u.s.a. in 1998 ?
5 what is average salary of building manager in united states ?
3 who is the richest woman in the worldly concern ?
4 where can i find an ask an expert tract ?
1 what started in 1849 when amber was discovered at sutter 's mill ?
4 what batch range is traversed by the highest railroad in the world ?
3 who were the head writers for the smothers brothers comedy hour ?
1 what did the chinese emperor present to the english soldier gordon in recognition of his service in quelling rebellions ?
3 who invented the stock ticker in 1870 ?
5 how many people did the united nations commit to help restore club and distribute humanitarian relief in somalia in september 1992 ?
1 what is a fear of adult ?
0 what is the beginning of the rock band led zeppelin 's name ?
3 who wrote the ugly duckling ?
1 what food can i use to catch a phalanger ?
0 how do you make panoramic sugar eggs for easter - the ones with the area inside ?
3 what are arnold palmer 's device called ?
1 what 's the singular of cube ?
4 Where was Tesla born ?
1 What is the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross ?
0 How do I know if I am pregnant ?
0 What is the text of the Fifth Amendment ?
0 where do natural object come from ?
0 What 's a male `` cuckquean '' ?
5 how many animal foot high is the hurdle in front of a runner 's steeplechase water jump ?
3 what attorney-general ordered the conclusion of alcatraz ?
5 When did communist control end in Hungary ?
5 how many shots can a stock certificate m16 hold ?
5 what are the footwear sizes of o 'neal , jordan , and mutombo , the nba players ?
1 what was the name of the television show , starring karl madsen , that had san francisco in the heading ?
0 what are the speech to the song sung by `` banana in pajamas '' ?
3 who was the celestial body of leave it to beaver ?
3 what mythical illustration carries an hourglass and a scythe ?
3 who was the first causal agent to study the stars ?
0 how do you find oxidation act ?
3 what well-known tv talk show adult was a lay preacher by the time he was seventeen ?
5 how many component is a disk in the center hole worth in crokinole ?
1 what do you call a `` twirl '' in stage dancing ?
1 what 's the word for any four-sided figure ?
1 what relative of the raccoon is sometimes known as the cat-bear ?
1 what rum is so `` mixable '' it is a one-sword bar ?
1 what dropped 1 , 313 vertebrate foot in 1980 ?
4 what state in the u.s. has the most achromatic color ?
5 how long ago did the anglican church relation from the vatican ?
0 How do you find oxidation numbers ?
0 how do you build a solar motor vehicle for a high school experiment ?
1 what is the rudiment for latin ?
0 how does atmospheric electricity travel ?
0 Why is Jane Goodall famous ?
4 what mediterranean land is home to the first club med ?
3 who was quetzalcoatl ?
3 who invented the radio receiver ?
0 How does crosstalk relate to InSb thickness in infrared detectors ?
0 what is megan 's jurisprudence ?
3 Who is the president of Stanford University ?
1 what board plot does a `` wood-pusher '' play poorly ?
0 what 's the difference between precipitation and freezing rain ?
5 How long would it take to get from Earth to Mars ?
3 who headed hitler 's infamous gestapo ?
5 what was the aim rate for m3 growth in 1992 ?
1 who was the first animal into space ?
3 what asian drawing card was known as the little brown saint ?
3 what company consumptions the unfamiliar faces of its celebrity spokespeople to promote the consumption of its product ?
5 when was franklin d. roosevelt stricken with poliomyelitis ?
1 on which flight did fawaz younis commit air piracy and hostage pickings ?
1 what term means a sexual drawing card between a male and a female ?
3 what actor married john f. kennedy 's female sibling ?
0 what was nine tailors , the broadcasting show from 1974 , about ?
5 what day of the workweek was july 13 ?
3 what inescapable supplier of background music celebrated its 5th anniversary in july , 1984 ?
5 How many member states are in the UN ?
1 what 's the southern dish made of pig bed ' small intestines ?
0 How does the car in `` Christine '' become possessed ?
1 what soft drink not only has its own video game , but was featured in its own marvel comic script ?
0 How is energy created ?
5 What are the numbers that fit into Fermont 's last theorem ?
4 What sea did the Romans call mare nostrum ?
3 what is the oldest occupational group ?
5 how many gallons of coating does it take to coating the golden gate bridge ?
0 what is statement 98 about ?
5 how many guardianship does bjorn borg use when hitting his forehand ?
3 Who invented `` The Muppets '' ?
3 what 's the middle language unit of movie producer joseph e. levine ?
1 what tv game entertainment once saw a contestant admit to picking his toes in the entertainmenter ?
3 what ill-fated american general dragged a cattle terrier named willie through world war ii ?
0 why can 'deoxythymidine monophosphate women serve in deoxythymidine monophosphatehe navy on board submarines ?
3 which college did dikembe mutombo play court game at ?
1 what was paper made of in the late 16th hundred ?
1 what hide-and-movement game is played around a tin can ?
3 what department storehouse heir is responsible for raising a three-ton safe from the underwater wreckage of the andrea doria ?
3 what director portrayed the military officer of the pow camp in 1953 's stalag 17 ?
0 how can i find a list of important person ' real names ?
5 how many games are played in a five-team round-thrush tournament ?
5 how many cards is each contestant dealt in contract bridge ?
3 who was the first president to appoint a womanhood to head a cabinet ?
0 What is osmosis ?
3 what heavyweight combatant was known as the wild bull of the pampas ?
0 Where did the name root beer come from ?
5 how many taxonomic group of sharks are there ?
3 who is the son-in-jurisprudence of sen. everett dirkson who was also a senator in the '70 's ?
1 what took first prize in omni magazine 's social event to find the `` ultimate unanswerable question '' ?
3 what labor leader was last seen in the parking lot of a michigan building ?
3 What was the first U.S.-based team in the NHL ?
1 what sports cartridge holder has the largest circulation ?
0 what do you need to do to marry causal agent in jail ?
3 who held the endurance record for adult pilots in 1929 ?
3 who sings the song `` drink to me with thine eyes '' by ben johnson ?
1 for what disease is the agent sinemet used as a treatment ?
5 how many area does a spritsail have ?
1 what are some colorful flowers that will bloom in the season in new england ?
3 what is the best art and design educational institution in the world ?
0 what is a silkscreen ?
3 Who played the Ringo Kid in the 1939 film Stagecoach ?
5 when does discharge begin ?
3 Who played for the Chicago Bears , Houston Oilers and Oakland Raiders in a 26-year pro football career ?
4 what administrative district is mount mckinley in ?
5 how many group have been killed in wars , armed conflicts ?
4 In what state was there an 11 million gallon oil spill ?
1 what organic fuel do bog-person use a `` slane '' to cut ?
4 where can i find the lyrics for the birdcall ` getting married today ' from the musical ` company ' ?
3 what first name was nipsy russell given at parturition ?
4 where do people mountain slope in nepal ?
4 what u.s. state boundary illinois to the north ?
0 what is the definition of `` chancery '' file in real property ?
3 what is the last name of lucy and linus from the peanut 's comic comic strip ?
1 What was the name of the orca that died of a fungal infection ?
3 what is the name of the dad singer whose song became the theme song for a brand of catsup ?
0 Why does a woman have to be a virgin to be a nun ?
4 on what avenue is the original saks department mercantile establishment located ?
1 what are the developmental time period of a swimmer ?
1 What fossilizes to form coprolite ?
3 what british female pop singing star of the 1960s and early 1970s was a child actress in the decade and '50s ?
4 what country contains the highest decimal point in south america ?
3 what was the name of `` the muppets '' God ?
0 how can i find a electronic equipment number of someone if i only know their email address ?
5 How many species of the Great White shark are there ?
1 The second most popular sport worldwide is what ?
1 What weapon is the mythological character Apollo most proficient with ?
1 The trials resulting from World War II are known as what ?
0 How does an ion drive work ?
1 what do west indian steel bands use as device ?
1 what movie tour of the roman domain features the admonition : `` row well and live '' ?
3 who was the first actress to appear on a postage stamp ?
0 what does a red flag mean in motor vehicle racing ?
5 How long was the OJ Simpson trial ?
4 what u.s. state of matter ends with a g ?
3 what was al capone 's appellation ?
1 What was the name of Sergeant Preston of the Yukon 's lead dog ?
3 what football coach 's message was told in the movie run to daylight ?
1 what irwin allen turkey has richard widmark saying he 'll be `` the first officer in history to get his butt kicked by a mess of bugs ! '' ?
0 what is the difference between a committee of directors and an advisory committee ?
3 what president also became a supreme motor hotel justice ?
0 What are bear and bull markets ?
3 who established a viking colony in greenland about 985 ?
0 what are the ability and weaknesses of green lantern 's ring ?
3 who was the first x-man to die in military action ?
5 what is the current state rate in the u.s. ?
1 what was the name of the `` little rascals '' canine ?
4 what country saw the origin of the asian flu ?
0 why didn 't european colonial rule spread until after the first and second industrial revolution ?
3 what tv sitcom character had the maiden name ethel potter ?
0 what 's the difference and advantages of selecting a super vhs vcr over plain vhs hypothesis ?
4 where can i find scientific data , `` investigation papers , '' on textile engineering ?
4 what continent 's name appears on the upper left corner of a budweiser description ?
1 what 's the condition for a limestone deposit rising from the floor of a cave ?
5 how many imaginary being are in the chinese alphabet ?
3 who invented the toothbrush ?
1 what is the predominant color of the tab description ?
3 Who is King in Alley Oop 's home of Moo ?
3 Who played the title role in The Romantic Englishwoman ?
3 what is the language unit of joan jett 's band ?
1 In Beetle Bailey , can you name Sarge 's dog ?
4 what state of matter is known as the hawkeye state of matter ?
1 what tv show did john sebastian sing the subject for ?
3 when the tutankhamun exhibit was on display in the u.s. , what moving ship's company transported it ?
3 who invented the pull-tab undoer on cans ?
1 what tv series featured neal , a martini-drinking st. bernard ?
1 what character of your body contains the corpus callosum ?
3 what was the christian name of the heading character in our miss brooks ?
1 what animal do old world buffalo wings come from ?
1 what is a concern of passing high objects ?
3 Who was International Olympic Committee chairman at the 1936 Summer Games ?
4 what are the top five vegetable oil-producing countries in the world ?
3 who is barbara jordan ?
0 What is e-commerce ?
4 what 's the assets of taiwan ?
3 what famous comic strip character died of inflammatory disease ?
1 What is the brand name of daminozide ?
5 what are the likelihood of giving birth to twins ?
3 what tv policeman did craig stevens play ?
1 What is money made of ?
2 what is the acronym for the rating system for gas conditioner efficiency ?
3 Which oil company almost picked a word that meant `` stalled car '' in Japanese as its new international name ?
1 garry kasparov plays what plot ?
1 what raceknight won an associated press poll as the greatest knight of the 20th century ?
0 How is Abigail Arcane related to the villainous opponent of the Swamp Thing ?
1 what are the four natural immunodeficiency used in riding a horse ?
5 What does each of the utilities cost in Monopoly ?
3 what author of the days of our lives cookbook signed on in 198 as liz chandler in tv 's days of our lives ?
5 when was the internal oxidation engine developed ?
0 how can you become an fbi causal agent ?
1 what will a kid eat the area of , and save the chocolate on the outside for last ?
1 what 's the official organism of canada ?
1 what were the ceremony custom like during the elizabethian times ?
1 name four famous wit cats .
5 what was the first extremum wage ?
3 Who painted `` Soft Self-Portrait with Grilled Bacon '' ?
1 what category of a sports team is the wisconsin badgers ?
4 what is the oldest website on the internet ?
3 who portrayed `` the man without a face '' in the movie of the same name ?
4 what kind of habitat does the scorpio live in ?
0 What is multimedia ?
3 who is the antichrist ?
1 What does a philatelist collect ?
4 name the country of giants twelve times the size of valet in `` gulliver 's travels . ''
0 where did the name plant organ beer come from ?
3 what author of the days of our lives cookbook signed on in 198 as liz chandler in tv 's days of our lives ?
0 what do you do when your rodent is n't working as fast as it 's supposed to ?
0 What does the theory of quantum leaps mean in simpler terms ?
4 what country is the world 's largest businessperson of cognac ?
3 what asian spiritual and political drawing card was married at the age of 13 ?
1 what court game term is said to come from the french word for egg ?
4 what is the address of the famous mexican ace `` thalia '' ?
0 what do players try to do when the music stops in a plot of musical chairs ?
0 How do you clean badly tarnished brass ?
5 what time period did the war of 1812 begin ?
4 what is the most populated city in the natural object ?
3 what lawyer-general ordered the closing of alcatraz ?
4 what u.s. state does the continental divide farewell to enter canada ?
4 What 's the largest island in the West Indies ?
0 what is a omentum ?
0 what is a patty of soap ?
4 what municipality was the setting for the music man ?
3 Who made the rotary engine automobile ?
3 who made the rotary engine automobile ?
5 when was berlin 's brandenburg movable barrier erected ?
1 what are the seven astonishment of the world ?
1 what document did president andrew johnson want a copy of placed under his head upon his funeral ?
3 what louisiana senator won a space that had been held by his father and mother ?
5 how many cds has garth brooks sold ?
3 what celebrity couple , when going through a divorce , divided their toilet paper into two equal pile ?
0 How is the element strontium purified ?
3 who was president cleveland 's wife ?
0 What is the difference between the anus and the rectum ?
1 what visual property tennis balls are used at wimbledon ?
0 what is in child powder and child lotion that makes it smell the way it does ?
5 how many seat are shown in vincent van gogh 's 188 work the artist 's room in arles ?
0 what is obscurity ?
1 what are some colorful flowers that will bloom in the spill in new england ?
2 what does a&w of root brew fame stand for ?
4 where did sarge steel get his chemical element hand ?
1 what is medium of exchange made of ?
4 Where are the Austerlitz and Victor Hugo subway stops ?
4 what is the largest u.s. administrative district east of the mississippi ?
1 what is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein cocktail dress that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?
4 where can i find a person 's code from a telephone number ?
5 what year was janet jackson 's first medium released ?
3 who is luke skywalker 's parent ?
1 what leoncavallo classical music features a prologue by a clown ?
3 What baseball player was walked the most times ?
5 how many inches tall is stuart little at parturition ?
0 what is the origin of the term `` blue satellite , '' and how often do they occur ?
3 who was tiny tim 's father ?
3 what is the name of the ship's company that manufactures the `` american girl '' doll collection ?
1 What does God create in the first sentence of the Bible ?
0 what makes compound ?
1 what was the language unit of betty boop 's dog ?
5 what day of the week sees the most fatal cable car accidents ?
5 how many nautical mile of veins are in the circulatory system ?
3 What is the most popular last name ?
5 What day is known as the `` national day of prayer '' ?
1 which side should a bowler facing a 37803 split hit the 3-pin on-the position or the right ?
1 What credit card features a centurion on its face ?
5 how many double-word-score spaces are there on a scrabble crossword game circuit board ?
0 what is the cause of endangered coinage ?
4 what state full of milk and honey was the destination in the grapes of wrath ?
1 what war saw a naval struggle between the luxury liners cap trafalgar and the carmania ?
4 What direction do most baseball pitchers pitch toward ?
0 what happens when a body character falls asleep ?
1 What was the name of Aristotle Onassis 's yacht ?
0 what 's the difference and asset of selecting a super vhs vcr over plain vhs model ?
3 what famous new york city civil authority wrote the hit song , `` will you love me in december as you do in may ? ''
5 How long ago was the Roe vs. Wade decision by the Supreme Court ?
0 why do some group have two different color eyes ?
3 who portrayed vincent van gogh in lust for life ?
3 what famous husband-and-wife team did broadcasting ads for blue nun wine ?
3 who comprised the now-defunct comic publication team known as the champions ?
5 what time period did the vietnam war end ?
3 which oil institution almost picked a word that meant `` stalled car '' in japanese as its new international name ?
4 where is the world 's most active crack located ?
4 Where is Tufts University ?
1 What James Michener book is subtitled Spanish Travels and Reflections ?
1 what 1915 movie was the first to gross $5 million ?
0 what are the medical purpose of `` clitoridectomy '' ?
0 why do oceans contain strategic arms limitation talks water instead of fresh water ?
4 what united states municipality produces the most oil ?
1 what musical instrument did prewitt play in james jones 's from here to eternity ?
0 How do windmills work ?
3 who invented the activity to make condensed milk ?
1 what 's the second-most-used homicide weapon in the u.s. ?
1 what mixed drink do you concoct with whisky and sweet vermouth ?
1 what steering wheel did blaise pascal invent in a search for perpetual motion ?
5 how much did a mcdonald 's sandwich cost in 1963 ?
5 how many american soldiers have died for their political unit to date ?
0 How did the Hohenzollerns build their power around 17 ?
0 Why do rooftops give off steam after a big rainstorm ?
1 what is the biggest `` thing '' group have made ?
1 what color flies closest to the staff on belgium 's emblem ?
5 how many propeller helped power the plane the wright brothers flew into history ?
1 what are the junction of wake and woke ?
4 what london street claims to be the worldly concern center for men 's tailoring ?
5 When is the site www.questions.com going to open ?
4 In what country is a stuck-out tongue a friendly greeting ?
1 What is the brand name of a chemical used to control ripening ?
3 what role do fruits play in the animation of plants ?
1 What chemicals are used in lethal injection ?
3 What is Rona Barrett 's married name ?
0 how does lineage clot ?
0 What is Occam 's Razor ?
4 name the country of giants twelve fourth dimension the size of man in `` gulliver 's travels . ''
5 how many muscles does the average adult consumption when going for a walk ?
1 What are the shortest and the longest songs ever produced ?
5 how many nautical mile of corridors are in the pentagon ?
1 What D.H. Lawrence novel was originally titled Tenderness ?
4 where are jewel mined ?
1 What tragedy befell the city of Dogtown in 1899 ?
1 what is the best manner to remove wallpaper ?
4 Where is Windsor Castle ?
3 what is the name of the police officer United Nations agency tried to keep order in top cat 's neighborhood ?
4 What country , after Canada and Mexico , is closest to the U.S. ?
5 what is the average time it takes for a animal to ejaculate ?
5 How long did Shea and Gould practice law in Los Angeles ?
1 what chess ending results when a player has no legal move ?
0 what is the point of u.s. army sergeant 's stripes ?
4 what nation boasts the most dams ?
0 how do you get silly cement out of fabric ?
5 what 's the american monetary unit equivalent for 8 pounds in the u.k. ?
3 who is westview high 's isthmus director in funky winkerbean ?
5 how many violinist did old king cole have ?
1 what are three ways in which fart is created on the earth ?
5 how long would it take for a $ savings attraction to mature ?
1 what nevil shute novel is about the doomed unfortunate of a nuclear war ?
5 On what date did Rosa Parks Become a symbol of the civil rights movement for refusing to give up her seat on the bus ?
1 what commodity 's shortage was the largest single factor in keeping north american motor vehicle off the roads during world war ii ?
3 What football coach 's story was told in the movie Run to Daylight ?
4 what two japanese cities are spelled with the letters k , o , o , t and y ?
3 Who directed the first Woody Woodpecker cartoon ?
3 who shot billy the kid ?
3 Who was Whitcomb Judson ?
1 what coloring material is the eight-ball in pocket billiards ?
1 what is the jewish sacred text called ?
1 what elegance is known indelicately as pickled roe ?
3 name the scratch-faced bounty hunter of the old west .
5 how many speech are there in the spanish language ?
4 what people were the 123 people who died in the black hole of calcutta ?
3 who was the democratic nominee in the american presidential election ?
5 what is the protection magnitude relation of using condoms ?
4 Where did Dikembe Mutombo go to college ?
5 what month of the class is there no television in iceland ?
3 what is the name of the police serviceman who tried to keep order in top cat 's neighborhood ?
3 who invented basketball ?
4 What U.S. state has the most blondes ?
1 What kind of poisoning is known as plumbism ?
0 how can i find a phone number of person if i only know their email address ?
3 what are the top 10 colleges in the united states in the battlefield of engineering ?
1 what is a fear of swarm ?
3 what national basketball association superstar told his floor in giant steps ?
0 why do roosters sing at five o 'clock in the time period ?
0 what are some chemical property of mendelevium ?
5 how many times in his 16-year national basketball associaton career was john havlicek a associate of the all-star team ?
3 who declared : `` i am down on whores and i shan 't stop ripping them '' ?
5 how many multitude in the world speak french ?
3 what is the name of the president of the united states of garmat u.s.a ?
3 who coined the term nn cyberspace `` in his novel nn neuromancer '' ?
4 What airport is on the Piccadilly subway line ?
3 Which company created the Internet browser Mosaic ?
3 what 19th-hundred painter died in the marquesas islands ?
5 what is the average age of a member of the unit that worked on the manhatten project ?
0 what character of childhood did jules verne have ?
3 who was the first achromatic color to be head coach of a major league pro sports team ?
0 What was the `` Dead Man 's Hand '' ?
0 What was the claim to fame of King Camp Gillette ?
5 when did homo first begin to write history seriously ?
0 What are the Valdez Principles ?
1 what was the favorite mutant of tom wolfe 's the pump house gang ?
3 Who played the original Charlie 's Angels ?
4 Where can I get piano music for the Jamiroquai song Everyday for the midi ?
0 for what reason did some san diego schools stop serving apple ?
1 what 's the u.s. navy religious song ?
1 what diversion can a free-legged pacer compete in ?
3 what department mercantile establishment heir is responsible for raising a three-ton safe from the underwater wreckage of the andrea doria ?
2 what is dsl ?
5 how many game is each player dealt in contract bridge ?
4 what landmass 's second-highest peak is mont blanc ?
3 name the two amorphous shape members of the animated herculoids .
5 how many linear unit is it from london , england to plymouth , england ?
0 what does the number 33 on the rolling rock brew bottle mean ?
5 What day of the week was July 13 ?
4 What South American capital is the world 's highest ?
4 what was the only country in the western hemisphere to join the russian-led protest of the 1984 summer olympics ?
0 what 's new in the postal worldly concern in 1999 ?
5 what assets of money did the philippine ex-dictator marcos steal from the treasury ?
3 who invented the paper clip ?
0 what is the goal of the sysrq key on my computer keyboard ?
3 who danced into high status with fred astaire in 1941 's you 'll never get rich ?
4 what two european political unit entered the war of american independence against the british ?
0 how do camera take pictures ?
3 What Louisiana Senator won a seat that had been held by his father and mother ?
1 What is the dialogue circle in cartoons called ?
5 how much energy is released when oxygen and hydrogen concoction ?
3 who invented baseball ?
3 what astronomer-creator designed the present st. paul 's cathedral in london ?
0 why do people get reflex when they have something emotional happen to them , like when they hear a beautiful piece of music , or see something beautiful , or get aroused by someone they love ?
0 What does the name Shawn mean ?
3 what are the names of jacques cousteau 's two male offspring ?
3 what was called the world 's largest department storehouse ?
3 Who used to make cars with rotary engines ?
1 what is the quickest and easiest way to get nail polish out of apparel ?
3 what heading did suzette charles assume for two months in 1984 ?
3 which police department made the all-time biggest hard drug bust in ventura county ?
0 why are ice cream frozen dessert called frozen dessert ?
1 what are the titles of some r-rated sony playstation plot ?
1 what substance can i use to catch a possum ?
1 what color is most often used to symbolize fact ?
3 Who killed JFK ?
4 what political unit is the biggest producer of tungsten ?
5 how many colored rectangle are there on a rubik 's cube ?
3 what buxom blonde appeared on the binding of more than 5 magazines ?
3 who patented the first record player ?
5 How many Grammys did Michael Jackson win in 1983 ?
1 what 's approaching when a cyclist shouts : `` oil '' ?
4 what u.s. state of matter includes the san juan islands ?
3 what new orleans d.a. claimed : `` my force and i solved the assassination weeks ago '' ?
5 what are the three winter time period in the southern hemisphere ?
0 How do I increase my biceps ' size ?
5 how long does it take the satellite to revolve around the earth ?
1 What kind of animals were in the Paleozoic era ?
0 How do you clean an LCD monitor screen ?
3 who made the rotary engine car ?
3 who won two gold decoration in skiing in the olympic games in calgary ?
0 what is the beginning of the name katie ?
1 what is a fear of matter ?
0 What are the alveoli ?
4 what is the us federal government website for standard industrial classification written communication , sic , ?
1 what was the name of the 1899 policy forced on china by which all nations had equal commerce rights ?
3 who was the only causal agent convicted in the my lai massacre ?
3 Who played Emperor Palpatine in Star Wars ?
3 name alvin 's brother
0 How do anti-locking brakes work ?
3 name the food company that traveled to soviet georgia to film a series of promotion .
1 What product did William Horlick discover and produce ?
1 what is the language unit for love of pain or abuse ?
1 What hide-and-seek game is played around a tin can ?
1 what does an irate motor vehicle owner call iron oxide ?
1 what is a concern of lice ?
5 when did group first begin to write history seriously ?
1 What is the rounded part on the top of a matchbook called ?
3 who portrayed fatman in the television show , `` jake and the fatman '' ?
5 how many rings are there on a five-zone archery reference point ?
2 What does SHIELD stand for ?
0 What do you say to a friend who ignores you for other friends ?
4 what political unit is the world 's largest importer of cognac ?
0 What is meant by the term `` yield to maturity '' in reference to bonds ?
0 how does light travel through the void of space if there is no medium for it to ` wave ' or ` wave ' .
1 what tv quiz show left the air in 1975 to the music of vera lynn 's we 'll meet again ?
4 what countries have the largest region of forest ?
3 what was the ventura county police department that seized the county 's largest sum of cocaine ever ?
1 what food did marco polo introduce into italy from the motor hotel of kubla khan ?
3 who invented the prediction ?
0 what is the origin of the typing practice sentence `` now is the time for all good force to come to the aid of their country '' ?
3 who was actress june havoc 's legendary sister ?
5 what are the highest-paying odds on a roulette board ?
4 what nation is home to heineken beer ?
4 Where can I find full written draft of CTBT ?
1 what household facility contains a time interval ball , ballcock , and overflow tube ?
5 what percent of worldly concern 's fresh water is found in canada ?
0 What was the V-8 Juice slogan : `` the tastebud '' ?
3 what comedienne calls her sister-in-jurisprudence captain bligh and her mother-in-jurisprudence moby dick ?
1 What 's the symbol for the zodiacal sign Gemini ?
0 what was the verdict in the test of lizzie borden ?
5 how many months does it take the moon to revolve around the earth ?
1 what diversion do the cleaveland cavaliers play ?
5 how many illness are there in a standard paper clip ?
0 how can i find out my moon sign ?
1 what is a fear of strong actinic radiation ?
5 how often are brain compartment replaced ?
4 what desert nation borders saudi arabia , iraq and the persian gulf ?
1 what category of car did janis joplin ask the lord to buy her ?
5 how many vertebrate foot are there in a fathom ?
3 who used to make motor vehicle with rotary engines ?
1 What is chronic constipation a symptom of ?
3 who was in death of a salesman original movie , not 1985 ?
0 How can I give myself a French manicure ?
1 Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?
4 name the largest political unit in south america .
2 What is the abbreviation of the company name ` General Motors ' ?
4 what is the assets of congo ?
3 who was the author of the script about computer hackers called `` the cuckoo 's egg : tracking a spy through the maze of computer espionage '' ?
5 how many imaginary being makes up a word for typing test purposes ?
0 what is meant by `` das kapital market '' ?
4 What was the former residence of Scottish kings in Edinburgh ?
3 who was the first x-man to die in battle ?
5 what was the price of varian associates ' vacuum products army unit ?
3 who held the endurance phonograph record for women pilots in 1929 ?
0 what baseball expression came from the nautical term for ships employment between the atlantic and pacific before the panama canal ?
0 what causes the body to shiver in cold fundamental quantity ?
5 how many feet high is the hurdle in front of a runner 's steeplechase body of water jump ?
4 where do the undertaking of `` the swiss family robinson '' take place ?
1 what european race sees the winner of its mountain time period awarded a jersey with large red polka dots ?
5 what sum of money did the philippine ex-dictator marcos steal from the treasury ?
0 why did the anglican religion split from the vatican ?
3 what actor was the first man to appear on the binding of mccall 's ?
5 how many years of schooling after highschool does it take to become a surgeon ?
3 who is the best known villain of the 165 gunpowder plot ?
5 how many metric linear unit are in a mile ?
5 what was the price of varian associates ' emptiness products division ?
1 what did warlock wear on his forehead in marvel comic strip ?
3 which of the following celebrity was not born in philadelphia ?
3 who is the director and editor of the movie big starring tom hanks ?
3 Who played Lucas McCain on The Rifleman ?
4 what do most tourists visit in reims ?
5 how many flavors of ice elite does howard johnson 's have ?
0 why do usa fax device not work in uk , nnp ?
4 what political unit was the setting of you only live twice ?
0 what is the message of `` cpr '' ?
0 what is the deviation between a bottle and a jar ?
3 who said of super bowl iii in 1969 : `` we 'll win- i guarantee it '' ?
4 Where do quality drinks begin ?
1 what chemical are used in lethal injection ?
0 what is the purpose of the sysrq key on my computer device ?
3 what celebrity couple , when going through a separation , divided their toilet paper into two equal piles ?
5 How often are quadruplets born ?
1 what is the longest english word that can be formed using just the first row of letters on a character printer ?
3 Who played the title role in I Was a Teenage Werewolf ?
3 What is an example of a famous rock band from the sixties ?
0 how do i get another municipality 's newspaper ?
5 how long were tyrannosaurus rex 's tooth ?
3 what former african leader held his country 's boxing title for nine class ?
1 what do you call a book of quotation ?
1 what kind of species is the monster in the product `` jaws '' ?
3 who is the antichrist ?
1 What color flies closest to the staff on Belgium 's flag ?
1 what is the brand name of alar ?
5 how many years ago did the ship titanic plumbing fixture ?
1 what is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds fiber bundle cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?
4 What is the oldest ethnological museum in the world ?
5 Where does the U.S. rank among world countries in area ?
3 who invented the stock ticker in 1870 ?
4 name a nation that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?
1 what woody plant can be planted that will be safe from deer ?
0 what is the origin of u.s. army noncommissioned officer 's stripes ?
3 name dondi 's adoptive grandparent .
0 what does optical device stand for ?
3 who are the challengers of the unknown ?
1 what 's the green collection of beryl called ?
5 how high must a natural elevation be to be called a natural elevation ?
1 which breakfast grain brought you `` the best each morning '' ?
1 what 's the international radio receiver code word for the letter b ?
1 what organism has the best hearing ?
5 how many pairs of means does a tsetse fly have ?
5 how many feet more than 2 is the average stature of the great wall of china ?
4 where did cable television cars first roll down clay street in 1873 ?
3 who is imam hussain ben ali whom shia group believe in ?
3 whom does uncle duke 's girl friend , honey , area with ?
0 how would person go about becoming an organ donor ?
4 What strait links the Mediterranean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean ?
5 what is the power unit of the shuttle boosters ?
4 where can i get data concerning child custody files for the state of utah ?
1 what weapon is the mythological fictional character apollo most proficient with ?
1 what is the folklore floor regarding birds ' nests and birds in christmas trees ?
0 what are the extent to `` self-defense ? ''
1 what animal do bison wings come from ?
5 When was the first railroad from the east coast to the west coast completed ?
1 what visual property is `` ash '' ?
0 What causes a person to have constantly sweaty hands and feet ?
1 what is celebrated during the time period of february 21-27 ?
3 who is the adult behind the pig-the adult who pulls the strings and speaks for miss piggy ?
1 what was the killer whale world health organization died at sea world of a fungal infection named ?
3 who made the first airplane ?
0 Describe the Finnish music personality Salonen 's appearance .
3 who painted mother and child ?
1 Which infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ?
1 when it 's fourth dimension to relax , what one beer stands clear ?
1 What was Paul Bunyan 's ox 's name ?
3 Who are cartoondom 's Super Six ?
1 what must be exceeded to produce a sonic noise ?
1 which cats pursued tweety pie in his first wit appearance ?
1 what did the chinese emperor present to the english soldier gordon in recognition of his employment in quelling rebellions ?
1 what incident of 1933 did the german nazis use to justify emergency decrees , imprisoning contestant and vesting more power in themselves ?
1 What would you add to the clay mixture to produce bone china ?
3 who invented the way traffic cone ?
1 what 's been the ruin of many a poor male in new orleans ?
3 who invented pantie ?
5 what is the length of boundary between the ukraine and russia ?
1 what are some ways to help causal agent with chicken pox ?
5 what is average regular payment of restaurant manager in united states ?
3 rotary motor cars were made by what company ?
1 name a salt lake city press .
3 what president was meant for , but never placed in , the empty crypt beneath the capital 's building ?
1 which peg does a cat move with its left front peg when walking - its left rear or right rear peg ?
5 How much pizza do Americans eat in a day ?
1 What World War I battle saw 6 , 0 troops killed in one day ?
3 what enigmatic u.s. vice president was once tried and acquitted for treason in a scheme to set up his own independent empire in the west ?
0 what are you hearing when you put a shell to your ear ?
3 who is the leader of india ?
1 what soap was touted as being `` for people United Nations agency like people '' ?
3 what was the name of the lawyer United Nations agency represented randy steven craft ?
0 What are the medical purposes of `` clitoridectomy '' ?
1 What is the fear of frogs ?
4 What country 's capital is Tirana ?
3 what contestant squats an average of 3 times during a baseball doubleheader ?
3 who portrayed `` rosanne rosanna-dana '' on the broadcasting show `` saturday night live '' ?
5 How fast is light ?
5 How hot should the oven be when making Peachy Oat Muffins ?
3 What athlete makes the most money from sports merchandise sales ?
1 what military action did florence nightingale tend the troops in ?
3 who portrayed sherlock holmes in 14 product between 1939 and 1946 ?
3 Who painted the Sistine Chapel ?
5 What are bottle caps with presidents ' pictures inside worth ?
1 what 's the most abundant element in the sunday ?
4 what scandinavian assets is built on nine bridge-connected islands ?
1 what was the language unit of the orca that died of a fungal infection ?
5 what is the quantity of american enlisted person still unaccounted for from the vietnam war ?
3 what female faith healer wrote the inspirational publication i believe in miracles ?
5 how many trees go into paper making in a class ?
3 what tv character sired a knight named thunder ?
0 how is the part strontium purified ?
5 how many state of matter have a lottery ?
0 what is a leaky intuition valve ?
3 who reports the atmospheric phenomenon on the `` good morning america '' television show ?
5 how many traveler manned each project mercury flight ?
0 how do i find a network address for a company ?
1 what is the human body of a football as stated in the nfl rulebook ?
1 Name the story by Chris Van Allsburg in the which a boy tries to become a great sailor ?
3 what communicator did photographer yousuf karsh call `` the shiest man i ever met '' ?
3 Who was Darth Vader 's son ?
1 what card game are bullets ?
4 What country was the setting of You Only Live Twice ?
3 who was the first horseman to ride two triple crown winners ?
3 who was the inventor of the stove ?
3 what president served for five class , six months and 2 days ?
1 what boris pasternak publication sold 5 , 0 copies to become the fiction best-seller of 1958 ?
0 what exactly is the function of the anteater ?
5 What is the number of American soldiers deployed to South Korea ?
1 in what deodorant commercial did tenants have adjoining music cabinets ?
3 what chocolate institution gives you a one-pound kiss ?
3 Who developed the first polio vaccine ?
4 what country is famous for persian floor cover ?
1 what spiciness do chefs pay the most for ?
3 what nobel laureate was expelled from the philippines before the meeting on east timor ?
4 What Southern California town is named after a character made famous by Edgar Rice Burroughs ?
2 what do the culture ce stand for on so many products , particularly electrical , purchased now ?
1 Which Kevin Costner movie involves the Sioux Indians ?
5 when is a adult most fertile ?
0 what do you do when your shiner is n't working as fast as it 's supposed to ?
3 what is drew barrymore 's middle language unit ?
0 why can 't womanhood serve in the navy on board submarines ?
5 what was the end toll at the eruption of mount pinatubo ?
1 what is the best sword for a laptop computer ?
3 what bottled-up tv imaginary being was born in baghdad ?
3 who retired with 755 home streak to his credit ?
3 United Nations agency was the lawyer United Nations agency represented randy steven craft ?
1 what types of binary compound pollution are there ?
0 how do they raise the cranes when building high-emergence buildings ?
0 why do pharmacists work on raised floor ?
0 what do you say to a acquaintance who ignores you for other acquaintances ?
1 name the product that is `` at your grocer 's , at your fingertip . ''
3 who invented the road traffic cone ?
1 what is the collective noun for anseriform bird ?
2 what does the form cwt. ?
4 where do you find message about the queensland national competition policy
3 who was charles lindbergh 's spouse ?
4 what mountainous region of the natural object is the lhasa apso dog native to ?
0 what are the powers and imperfection of green lantern 's ring ?
0 What did Delilah do to Samson 's hair ?
1 what clue is the best love match for a horoscope clue ?
0 What is the definition of a cascade ?
3 what was the player 's name who played nose lineman for the eagles in super bowl xv ?
4 what country has difficulty with hooligans ?
4 what municipality boasts penn 's landing , on the banks of the delaware river ?
3 who was known as the time master in comic books ?
3 what inescapable purveyor of background music celebrated its 5th day in july , 1984 ?
3 what was the appellation of frederick i , holy roman emperor and king of germany ?
0 what is the difference between neoclassical artwork and romanticism artwork ?
0 how do i keep cats out of my flower plot for good ?
3 what was the contestant 's name who played nose tackle for the eagles in super bowl xv ?
4 what is the geographical area of the us including alaska and hawaii ?
3 who is the prime curate of japan ?
0 What is the origin of the midwest slang , ` you 're darn tootin ' ?
1 what are the property in comic book lingo ?
5 how many elephants are left on terrestrial planet ?
0 what nuclear process takes place in an h-bomb ?
4 where can i buy a headdress like the kind jay kay from jamiroquai wears ?
1 What 's the singular of dice ?
3 who kept the most famous diary in the english language ?
3 what democratic prankster waved the train out of the station while richard nixon spoke from the galley ?
1 what animal is the absolute fastest in moving in the world , birds , mammals , etc. , ?
0 what is the origin of the word , supernaturalism ?
3 who won the first world series ?
0 how can i find a tilt of , fax and or email , addresses for human resource departments in massachusetts ?
1 what are the 28 tense in the english language ?
3 Who wrote the song , `` Stardust '' ?
0 what is the origin of `` beauty is in the center of the beholder '' ?
0 How do I find the balance of my social security account ?
4 Where 's the Petrified Forest ?
4 What is Answers.com 's address ?
3 who plays shortstop for charlie brown 's ball game team ?
3 Who founded the modern theory of probability ?
0 What is `` snoogans '' ?
0 what is the message of the name kathryn ?
0 what are bear and cattle markets ?
0 what is remembrance day all about ?
4 what metropolis landmark was first introduced in the superman wit of the 1940 's ?
0 why does it say on juvenile 's cough syrup not to drive while using this medication ?
1 stuart hamblen is considered to be the first tattle cowboy of what ?
0 what are field phenomenon transistors ?
3 who sings the song `` drink to me with thine opinion '' by ben johnson ?
1 what tv facility did mary richards work for ?
4 what duct does the thatcher ferry bridge span ?
3 who was gerald ford 's vice president ?
4 what is the highest limit in africa ?
3 Who wrote the lyrics to Porgy and Bess ?
1 what does the ouarterly review of doublespeak call an `` inoperative instruction '' ?
5 how many byte are in a terabyte ?
1 what ocean liner burned and sank in hong kong seaport ?
5 how many psychological feature make up the decathlon ?
4 Where is the Virtual Desk Reference ?
3 Who founded the People 's Temple Commune ?
5 How many inches over six feet is Tom Selleck ?
1 what does the peugeot ship's company manufacture ?
3 What `` marvelous '' major-league baseball player is now a spokesman for a beer company ?
1 what is california 's administrative district bird ?
2 What does NECROSIS mean ?
1 What toy can you make sleep ?
1 What fruit does the ficus produce ?
0 how do i find a web address for a institution ?
4 where can i buy movie on videotape online ?
0 What happened to Pepsi Clear ?
3 who declared : `` i think i 'll go out and milk the elk '' ?
5 what is the average life anticipation of a male in ireland in 1996 ?
3 What United States President had dreamed that he was assassinated ?
5 what is the most number of goal scored by a single team in an nhl hockey game ?
1 the operating system that runs on ibm-compatible device is called what ?
1 what kind of species is the imaginary being in the film `` jaws '' ?
4 Where must a soccer goalie stand to be permitted to handle the ball ?
3 what contemptible villain stole the cork from my lunch ?
5 when was the g7 group of nation formed ?
0 what does a red emblem mean in auto racing ?
1 what was the first ready-to-eat meal cereal ?
3 who cobalt-starred with julie andrews in mary poppins ?
3 what piano institution claims its product is the `` instrument of the immortals '' ?
0 what is the definition of metaphysics ?
0 what is the function of the sysrq key on my computer keyboard ?
0 what do i need to learn to design web page ?
5 How many people in America snore ?
0 what is the beginning of the term `` buffalo wings '' that is used as a menu item in bars across the nation for chicken wings in a spicey sauce ?
1 what did british institution stick 175 , 0 tons of tea into in 1982 ?
1 what erica jong novel deals with isadora wing 's emotion ?
1 what does salk immunogen prevent ?
4 what country buys 25 percent of the world 's tea export ?
1 what famed gangland slaughter cut into the membership of bugs moran 's unit ?
3 who is the nebbish that is marvel 's official mascot ?
1 what tv appearance did john sebastian sing the theme for ?
4 what island is home to sculpture called mauis ?
5 the film `` jaws '' was made in what time period ?
0 what is the nature of snow and how is the formation of snow different from that of methamphetamine ?
5 how many decimal point make up a perfect fivepin bowling score ?
0 how do i know how much money to save for status ?
3 when the tutankhamun exhibit was on demonstration in the u.s. , what moving company transported it ?
0 How is water treated to make it safe to drink ?
5 how much did lucy van pelt originally commission for psychiatric sessions ?
3 What is the best art and design school in the world ?
3 who was the first black woman to star in the folies bergeres ?
4 where can i find information on the narragansett indians and other tribe in rhode island ?
5 how many point make up the symbol for `` because '' ?
1 what letter is to the abstraction of k on a typewriter keyboard ?
5 How high must a mountain be to be called a mountain ?
3 what architect originated the glass firm designed the chicago federal center had a philosophy of `` less is more , '' and produced plans that were the forerunner of the california ranch firm ?
3 who is the composer of `` canon in d major '' ?
3 who sought to create the great society ?
1 which operating system runs on ibm-compatible device ?
4 Where are some great educational resources for parents and teachers ?
1 what household facility contains a float game equipment , game equipmentcock , and overflow tube ?
0 why do oceans contain compound water instead of fresh water ?
1 in which sport is there a `` beginning '' ?
0 what is measured in curie ?
1 what is the language unit of the second space shuttle ?
1 What currency is used in Australia ?
5 how much will gas be taxed in california by the class 2000 ?
3 what well-known tv talk appearance host was a lay preacher by the time he was seventeen ?
4 What famed library can you reach by dialing 22-287-5 ?
5 how much does it cost , average or whatever is available , to produce and send junk message catalogues in the us ? , dt cd nn nn ,
0 what does appropriates medium of exchange mean ?
0 what is the socratic know-how ?
0 Where did the marriage ceremony come from ?
0 why do some jets have a vapor path , and others do not ?
1 what william styron book is about a black preacher who leads a person revolt ?
4 where did the wright brother make their first flight ?
0 what happens to the female body with lack of rest and food ?
3 who portrayed the championship character in the film the day of the jackal ?
0 what is the point of blue for boys and pink for girls ?
3 who was damocles ?
1 what is a fear of home milieu ?
0 what is so powerful about power bars ?
3 Who was the only U.S. President to wear a Nazi uniform ?
0 What is a wop ?
1 which limb does a cat move with its left front limb when walking - its left rear or right rear limb ?
0 What exactly is radiation ?
1 what mutant was the first televised in the u.s. ?
3 Who portrayed portly criminologist Carl Hyatt on Checkmate ?
5 Where does the U.S. rank among world countries in area ?
0 what is the point of the candy cane at christmas ?
3 what organization was winston churchill a member of ?
3 in what high-risk business speculation did jimmy the greek bet and lose ?
3 name the various super-team to which the angel has belonged .
3 which classical spanish communicator said `` all that glitters is not gold '' ?
1 what 's the hungarian word for capsicum ?
3 who held the endurance record for women original in 1929 ?
4 where do you find the answers for all these doubt ?
0 What is the root of all evil ?
1 what kind of crackpot are used in marzipan ?
0 what is the difference between new york-property and chicago-property pizza ?
0 how do you write a book report card ?
1 what is a fear of visual communication ?
1 in the miller lite tv commercial , who is the animal ?
1 name a movie that the actress , sandra bullock , had a character in .
3 who is rocky 's and bullwinkle 's ever-lost person ?
0 How does lightning travel ?
5 how much stronger is the new vitreous chemical element material invented by the tokyo institute of technology compared with the material made from cellulose ?
3 Name the scar-faced bounty hunter of The Old West .
1 what does a heliologist report ?
1 What was the first English play written exclusively for children ?
5 how many hummingbird eggs could fit in one person egg ?
0 what apology did the nato people give for hitting the chinese embassy ?
3 what girlfriend 's name is `` teddy '' an affectionate form of ?
4 what country is bounded in character by the indian ocean and coral and tasman seas ?
3 What dumb-but-loveable character did Maurice Gosfield play on The Phil Silvers Show ?
5 what is the highest number of home plate runs on record for any one game ?
0 what are bear and bull activity ?
1 what is chronic stultification a symptom of ?
5 when did fraze get his first patent for the pull-tab container ?
5 What time of day did Emperor Hirohito die ?
3 who is always trying to get the economic rent from andy capp ?
3 What corporation does Madonna advertise for ?
1 name one of the seven wonders of the ancient world .
1 what chess outcome results when a player has no legal motion ?
5 how much stronger is the new vitreous carbon fabric invented by the tokyo institute of technology compared with the fabric made from cellulose ?
0 what causes the natural object to shiver in cold temperatures ?
0 What is habeas corpus ?
0 what is the origin of the condition `` blue moon , '' and how often do they occur ?
1 what constitutes an person ?
3 Who is the prime minister of Japan ?
0 what is the history of spartacus , the roman slave and combatant ?
1 what is a fear of home plate surroundings ?
4 where can i find a website that gives examination of good prices ?
1 What English word contains the most letters ?
1 what substance did joseph priestley name for its ability to erase writing implement marks ?
1 what common placental have the greatest variety of breeds ?
3 what major victorian novelist spent as much time working for the post place of business as he did writing ?
1 what are vertebrate descendents of ?
5 what is the natural object population as of today ?
5 how much did manchester united spend on actor in 1993 ?
1 what rabbit got its name because its auricle resembled those of a jackass ?
1 what is the term for the assets of all genetic material in a given organism ?
3 What English queen had six fingers on one hand ?
5 What is the starting salary for beginning lawyers ?
3 Who claims to have the greatest show on earth ?
3 what director portrayed the commandant of the pow camp in 1953 's stalag 17 ?
5 how large is the arctic refuge to preserve unique wildlife and disfavor value on alaska 's north coast ?
1 What kind of substance is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?
1 what is the name of the medical condition in which a child is born without a brain ?
0 what phenomenon does lsd have on the brain ?
4 what 's the oldest das kapital city in the americas ?
5 how high must a batch be to be called a batch ?
1 what robert louis stevenson novel was inspired by deacon william brodie , a woodworker by day and burglar by night ?
3 Who invented the Moog Synthesizer ?
5 How much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , Thomas Jefferson on it ?
4 what u.s. state boasts stone mountain , the world 's largest bulk of exposed granite ?
4 in what administrative district was the first co-educational college established
1 what late-night tv appearance features larry , bud , melman and toast on a stick ?
1 what sport features slotbacks , back , and touchbacks ?
0 what does the theory of quantum jump mean in simpler terms ?
5 What are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?
2 what is the abbreviated word of the national bureau of investigation ?
3 What pseudonym did William Sydney Porter use in writing The Gift of the Magi ?
3 what actor has a bugle call on his right wrist reading scotland forever ?
1 what was the language unit of roy rogers 's dog ?
0 what are the limits to `` consciousness-defense ? ''
1 which is the best space move in chess ?
3 what is the language unit of the company that manufactures the `` american girl '' doll collection ?
3 whapyrimidine camera company said , `` if you haven 'pyrimidine gopyrimidine pyrimidinehe pyrimidineime , we 've gopyrimidine pyrimidinehe camera ? ''
0 how can i easily remove red wine stains from t-shirt ?
1 For what disease is the drug Sinemet used as a treatment ?
1 what two vegetables are combined in dish ?
1 What was the non-fiction best-seller of 1952 , 1953 and 1954 ?
3 who made the largest cocaine seizure in ventura county history ?
5 how long does it take the typical hen to lay 19 twelve eggs ?
4 what country covers 8 , 600 , 387 square nautical mile ?
1 what is the language unit of the vaccine for chicken pox ?
3 what organization is the security council a character of ?
1 What document did President Andrew Johnson want a copy of placed under his head upon his burial ?
1 What is the biggest `` thing '' humans have made ?
4 what were the first three cities to have a people of more than a million ?
1 what objet d'art of jewelry is pictured on monopoly 's luxury tax space ?
1 what don mclean birdcall laments the day buddy holly died ?
1 what is a emotion of drinking ?
1 what does playboy title its `` continuing dialog on contemporary content between playboy and its readers '' ?
3 Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?
3 who made the first gas engine ?
0 what 's the meaning of the zoological term even-toed ungulate ?
3 the major league ball game team in pittsburgh is called what ?
0 why did the worldly concern enter a global depression in 1929 ?
0 what is the history of the soft helping mr. pibb ?
0 what are some interesting fact and information about dogsledding ?
1 what would you add to the soil mixture to produce bone china ?
0 why do center sometimes look red in photographs ?
0 What qualifications are there for individuals donating blood ?
1 what tv show chronicled the life of katy holstrum and congressman glen morley ?
3 who was secretary of state during the nixon administration ?
1 what is damage to business and government caused by government officials ?
4 What country lies directly south of Detroit ?
1 what 's the tallest part on a chessboard ?
5 how many head injuries are there in recreational crystal skating each year ?
2 what is the form for original equipment manufacturer ?
1 what chemical in red alcohol is good for the heart and what exactly does it do to your body ?
5 How old was Stevie Wonder when he signed with Motown Records ?
0 what makes black hills , south dakota a tourist drawing card ?
0 how do you ask doubt ?
0 how do vending machines tell if your monetary unit is a 1 or a 5 ?
3 what force force did mack sennett create ?
1 what keeps swarm in the air ?
3 who was shakespeare 's moorish general officer ?
4 what general direction does the journey in around the world in 80 days proceed in ?
1 what four tournament make up tennis ' grand slam ?
0 What is lung cancer ?
0 where did the saying `` dominion of thumb '' come from ?
3 What 4-foot-9 actress in 1984 became the first performer to win an Oscar for playing a character of the opposite sex ?
0 what are the alveolus ?
0 how do you buy framework ?
3 who claimed he killed 4 , 280 buffalo as food for the crew building the kansas pacific railway ?
3 what are the names of richard nixon 's two daughter ?
1 What is the main language of Sao Paulo , Brazil ?
3 who was the russian ambassador to hungary during the 1956 rebellion ?
1 what did a 16th-century aztec athlete get for putting a rubber game equipment through a ring ?
1 What Dickens novel has David carrying the message `` Barkis is willin '' to Peggy ?
5 What is the regular price ?
5 how many flavors of crystal cream does howard johnson 's have ?
3 what sovereign was forced to agree to the magna carta ?
0 what is a prison guard contract ?
0 what is the point of the word , magic ?
4 What landmark Italian restaurant can be found at 239 West 48th Street , New York City ?
0 how do you get to the region of the eiffel tower ?
0 what is the origin of the typing exercise sentence `` now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their country '' ?
0 What is the origin of the word `` attic '' ?
1 What carries sperm up into the pelvic region ?
1 which sexual activity is denied voting rights in kuwait ?
2 what does the `` blue decoration '' stand for ?
5 how many members of a family could be drafted in the u.s. force during world war ii ?
5 what year did nylon hosiery first go on sale ?
3 what is the natural object 's largest distilling company ?
4 what is britain 's self-control on the chinese mainland ?
5 what is the average date when most malls begin putting up christmas holiday decoration ?
5 how many calories are there in soy condiment ?
0 What is Plc ?
3 who was the first russian astronaut to walk in space ?
3 who started the dominos pizza range ?
5 what 's men 's par on a 455-yard outdoor game hole ?
3 what president hit the jogging paths to enhance his athletic image and , sporting no. 39 , almost collapsed during the road race ?
1 what does a adult suffering from diphallic terata have ?
1 what is the medical term for cancer of the liquid body substance ?
4 Where is the Kentucky Horse Park ?
3 who says , `` if you don 't look good , we don 't look good '' ?
1 what russian novel embracing more the 5 imaginary being is set in the napoleonic wars ?
3 what u.s. government representation registers trademarks ?
2 what does the `` c '' stand for in the equation e=mc2 ?
1 what does a collier excavation ?
1 what two vessels fought the first sea struggle between iron-covered ships ?
4 what 's the most common street language unit in america ?
5 approximately how much does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black opening ?
5 How many liberty bells have there been ?
5 what is the activity rate of using condoms ?
3 what was the language unit of humphrey bogart 's club in casablanca ?
4 what colorful sea 's region does greek story say the amazons lived near ?
3 what poet wrote : `` ... i have promise to keep , and miles to go before i sleep '' ?
3 what famous comic strip imaginary being died of acne ?
4 where are the tropical rain vegetation distributions ?
5 what 's a perfect score in a gymnastics use ?
1 How do you say `` fresh '' in Spanish ?
1 what are the component of coca-cola ?
3 who was the first person to study the stars ?
3 who famously rode to warn the group of massachusetts that the british were coming ?
1 What famous events have happened on March 27 ?
3 who manufactures the code , `` photoshop '' ?
3 what woman 's name is `` teddy '' an affectionate form of ?
3 what creator 's studio was the bateau-lavoir in montmartre ?
5 what will the addition be in the california gas tax by 2000 ?
4 what political unit are you visiting if you land at president duvalier airport ?
5 how many fictional character makes up a word for typing test purposes ?
3 who made the deodorant that claimed that it `` actually builds up immunity to odor '' ?
1 what mutant features slotbacks , tailbacks , and touchbacks ?
0 Where did the term `` 69 '' come from ?
0 what is the mathematical relation of ram ?
5 how old is the population ?
4 in what political unit is a stuck-out tongue a friendly greeting ?
1 What is the correct way to use `` may '' vs. `` might '' ?
1 what is the medical term for malignant tumor of the blood ?
0 why are there 12 multitude on a jury in criminal cases ?
3 the lawyer world health organization represented randy craft , what was his name ?
0 What is Doegs ?
4 what japanese municipality was once called edo ?
5 How many equal angles are there in an isosceles triangle ?
3 what is the supporter 's name in dostoevski 's `` the idiot '' ?
4 What is the habitat of the chickadee ?
3 what baseball contestant was walked the most times ?
5 How many Vietnamese were there in the Soviet Union ?
3 who is imam hussain ben ali whom shia people believe in ?
3 who was actress june havoc 's legendary sister ?
5 What are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?
5 what 's the maximum length , in inches , of a first baseman 's boxing glove ?
4 Where are the Haversian canals ?
0 what is a person 's socioeconomic military position ?
1 what gaming devices were dubbed `` mississippi marbles '' and `` memphis table game '' ?
5 what is the speed of the mississippi river ?
4 What South American city features the exclusive Copacabana Beach and Ipanema ?
5 when was the first flush room invented ?
5 When was the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin built ?
4 What botanical marvel did Nebuchadnezzar build ?
3 what tv situation comedy character had the maiden name ethel potter ?
4 What are all the southern states of the U.S. ?
1 What was the name of Robert Fulton 's most famous steamboat ?
5 how many freckle does howdy doody have on his face ?
3 what 's the name of the star of the change of state show , `` galloping gourmet '' ?
0 What is thermal equilibrium ?
5 How many three-letter permutations can be made from the four letters : c ?
3 What feathered cartoon characters do Yugoslavians know as Vlaja , Gaja , and Raja ?
4 What state on the Gulf of Mexico has its lowest point five feet below sea level ?
4 what are the largest consequence in the world ?
1 what illness is transmitted by the anopheles mosquito ?
1 what is the worldly concern 's deadliest infectious disease ?
3 what college football unit did knute rockne build into a power ?
3 what national league ball game team employed 72 third baseemen in its first 2 seasons ?
1 What do camels store in their humps ?
4 what state full of milk and honey was the destination in the grapes of wrath ?
0 What does an emperor do ?
1 what was the name of the broadcasting show , starring karl madsen , that had san francisco in the title ?
1 what are the defamation of the different toes ?
5 how many people have been killed in wars , armed group action ?
3 what new middle school was built in philadelphia , pennsylvania last time period ?
1 What does an irate car owner call iron oxide ?
1 in order from the top , the four stripes on a can of pepsi are what flag ?
0 what is the explanation of hazmat ?
3 What is the name of Joan Jett 's band ?
0 what was the rallying cry of the early american revolutionist ?
1 what are some science fair projects for 8th critic ?
0 what caused the change of bob marley ?
2 what does the e stand for in the equation e=mc2 ?
0 what caused an adjournment of the 25th anniversary school term of the united nations general assembly ?
0 What is narcolepsy ?
3 what are name of two old men who appear in the serial tv muppets show ?
5 How many states have a lottery ?
3 what two presidents of the u.s. published publication of poetry ?
3 Who wrote The Look of Love after viewing Ursula Andress ?
3 who was the first american poet to win the nobel prize for literature , in 1948 ?
4 Where can I find a case on Individuals with Disabilities Education Act of 1991 ?
3 who invented the stock certificate ticker in 1870 ?
5 how much did the minimum wage sum to in 1991 ?
3 what 2th-century fictional fictional character attends pencey prep school ?
1 What are the top 5 fiction books of all time ?
0 how do web site like yahoo and excite make money ?
0 how do you select alcohol ?
1 Name a golf course in Myrtle Beach .
3 what future ruminant hunter portrayed annie hall 's neurotic brother , duane ?
1 what term does a czech consumption to describe a pole ?
3 who is the president of the united states of bolivia ?
3 who did sonny liston succeed as world heavyweight boxing champion ?
3 who is the sexiest women in the world ?
3 which company claimed to be `` the natural object 's biggest toy store '' ?
1 what kind of aquatic vertebrate is a coney ?
1 what is the only primate to lack paint in the palms of its hands ?
5 how much is a canadian 1967 twenty dollar gold coinage worth ?
3 what girl 's name is `` teddy '' an affectionate human body of ?
5 When is the Tulip Festival in Michigan ?
3 what sovereign signed the magna carta ?
5 how many questions are on this matter ?
4 where can i get a complete listing of point in my area ?
5 how many characters makes up a word for typing examination purposes ?
3 who was the first black to be head coach of a major league pro sports unit ?
4 Where in the Americas is it only 47 miles from the Atlantic to the Pacific ?
0 how do i keep cats out of my angiosperm garden for good ?
5 How many miles is it to Ohio from North Carolina ?
0 what is a flatulence release event ?
4 what countries have the largest armed effect in the world ?
0 why can 't women serve in the navy on board bomber ?
1 what 's the term for a young dodger ?
3 which associate of the micronauts spent 1 years traveling the microverse in the marvel comics ?
0 how do you write mla style bibliographies for an internet source ?
3 which of the following rock 'n roll ace has a `` star '' on hollywood boulevard ?
4 what is the name of the municipality that maurizio pellegrin lives in ?
4 what state of matter is the filenes store located in ?
0 what is the origin of read/write head lice ?
5 what time period 's third weekend is the monterey jazz festival held on ?
3 which german president was pressured into appointing hitler chancellor of the exchequer in 1933 ?
3 who was the second man to walk on the satellite ?
5 how many decimal point is a bullseye worth in darts ?
0 what is e-transaction ?
1 what coloring material is `` ash '' ?
1 what `` supernaturalism '' does mandrake employ ?
1 what category of fish is a coney ?
5 how many hook has a lobster called a pistol lost ?
0 What is the definition of the Scrabble word ` syzygy ' ?
1 what is the sword name of the chemical daminozide ?
4 What constellation represents a hunter with club and shield ?
0 what is a gas release consequence ?
3 who was the first black performer to have his own net tv show ?
4 what political unit boasts ismail 's palace and the palace of king farouk ?
3 what is the nickname of the famous ad who mistakenly flew to ireland instead of to los angeles ?
3 Who founded the Unification Church ?
4 What country boasts the most cars per mile of road ?
3 who was the tallest u.s. president ?
5 how many copies of an medium must be sold for it to be a gold medium ?
0 how do you measure the heat of the star ?
2 what 's the abbreviation for tnt ?
4 what asian city boasts the natural object 's biggest bowling alley ?
1 what are the ages in comic book non-standard speech ?
0 what is the origin of the natural object band led zeppelin 's name ?
1 what was the distinguishing mark on the `` little rascals '' pawl ?
0 what is recruitment interrogation technique ?
1 what are the 28 tenses in the english terminology ?
5 when did the neanderthal valet live ?
1 What do you call the feeling of having experienced something before ?
0 why doxygen roxygenoxygensters sing at five oxygen 'cloxygenck in the moxygenrning ?
5 When did Amtrak begin operations ?
3 who did sonny liston succeed as world heavyweight boxing supporter ?
3 what category of women gave sigmund freud erotic dreams ?
5 what are the lengths of pearl necklace ?
3 Who was the Charlie perfume woman ?
5 how much will gas be taxed in california by the time period 2000 ?
4 What ocean does Mauritania border ?
0 how does the chain of instruction work inside an us army apache helicopter ?
4 name the highest batch .
5 how long does a dog physical condition ?
4 where is the keck magnifier ?
5 what is the measure that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?
0 what is the origin of the typing practice sentence `` now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their nation '' ?
1 what chemical in red wine is good for the heart and what exactly does it do to your natural object ?
3 which of the following group is not associated with andy warhol ?
5 what 's force 's par on a 455-yard golf hole ?
4 where did coin pigs originate ?
0 what is literary disapproval ?
3 what is a person called that likes ardor ?
3 what womanhood has carried the most multiple births , twins , triplets , etc. , ?
4 where are the office of eli lilly ?
5 how many different kinds of crystal cream are there ?
3 who is the mayor of marbella ?
1 what war did the wanna-go-home riots occur after ?
3 What was the name of `` The Muppets '' creator ?
3 which company that manufactures video-game hardware sells the `` super instrumentality '' ?
0 why shouldn 'deoxythymidine monophosphate you remove a bee sdeoxythymidine monophosphateinger wideoxythymidine monophosphateh deoxythymidine monophosphateweezers ?
3 what baseball star turned down a $1 , 000-a-time period contract because he felt he had n't earned it ?
4 Where did George of the Jungle live ?
5 what is martin luther king jr. 's real anniversary ?
3 Who followed Caesar ?
4 where does buzz aldrin want to build a permanent , manned space facility ?
0 what is a scientist ?
5 how many rows of roller holes does a roll of 35-millimeter film have ?
1 what is the word for the side of the mountain that faces the prevailing winds ?
1 what does the six-footed musca domestica become when it enters a building ?
5 how much does a new railroad coal cable car cost ?
5 how many community chest game are there in monopoly ?
1 musician ray charles plays what legal document ?
3 who leads the celestial body ship enterprise in celestial body trek ?
5 how long was the tv mission of star trek 's enterprise to be ?
2 What is the abbreviated expression for the National Bureau of Investigation ?
5 what century did creation 's romantic period begin in ?
4 what state is the filenes mercantile establishment located in ?
4 what two cities usually mark the degree of english channel swims ?
1 what stephen king novel is set in a site for pets ?
1 what is the one thing you need before you can purchase being insurance ?
1 what bowl game began as an east-west social event between michigan and stanford in 192 ?
3 what hungarian bishop was first a state prisoner and then a refugee in the u.s. embassy 1956-1971 ?
4 where did the battle of the bulge take point ?
0 why do you say `` god bless you '' when group sneeze ?
2 when reading classified ad , what does eenty : other stand for ?
1 what is a fear of helplessness ?
3 what hockey unit did wayne gretzky play for ?
3 Who was the first woman in space ?
3 what is the full name of the valet who invented the multicolored game cube that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations ?
1 what fuel do heavier-than-air craft use ?
4 What state does Charles Robb represent ?
1 what was lost and regained by writer john milton ?
0 what are phenol ?
2 What does the abbreviation IOC stand for ?
2 what is the acronym for the rating system for air cardiopulmonary exercise efficiency ?
0 why do some clothing labels say `` use a nonchlorine bleaching agent '' ?
3 Who said `` the only thing we have to fear is fear itself '' ?
4 What country buys 25 percent of the world 's tea exports ?
2 what does inri stand for when used on jesus ' structure ?
5 what section of the bible has the most verses ?
4 what country earn the most from tourism ?
1 which press is `` fine entertainment for men '' ?
1 which infectious disease kills the most multitude worldwide ?
3 Who was the 1st U.S. President ?
0 what facial feature of speech did walt disney sport that none of disney 's employees is allowed to ?
3 Who is the founder of Scientology ?
1 what is a fear of child ?
3 who is the richest person in the worldly concern , without owning a business ?
5 how fast must a spacecraft travel to escape earth 's graveness ?
5 how many neurons are in the human neural structure ?
3 who made the largest hard drug seizure in ventura county history ?
1 what disease does katharine hepburn have that makes her sound shake ?
1 What do you get by adding Lactobacillus bulgaricus to milk ?
4 what caribbean land is northeast of trinidad ?
0 How do you get silly putty out of fabric ?
3 What singer sings `` Oh Boy '' ?
0 Why is it called `` hamburger '' if there is no ham in it ?
1 what football bowl plot 's first queen was hallie woods ?
0 what is the quality between fatalism and determinism ?
4 What are all the southern states of the United States ?
3 which force department made the largest cocaine seizure ever in ventura county ?
0 What is the weather like on the moon ?
1 what 's the term for an living thing that lives on or in another ?
0 what is the mystery of the universe ?
1 in which tennessee williams play is one of the imaginary being killed and devoured by a mob of starving children ?
1 what did a 16th-time period aztec athlete get for putting a rubber ball through a ring ?
1 what did esquire language unit ash hole of the year for 1980 ?
0 why can 't ostriches dipterous insect ?
5 how much did the first barbie dame sell for in 1959 ?
0 why didn 'pyrimidine european colonial rule spread unpyrimidineil afpyrimidineer pyrimidinehe firspyrimidine and second induspyrimidinerial revolupyrimidineions ?
1 what nutrients are for healthy percussion instrument and teeth ?
3 what well-known tv talk show host was a lay preacher by the time he was seventeen ?
3 Who made the largest cocaine seizure in Ventura County history ?
1 what is considered the costliest adversity the insurance industry has ever faced ?
4 what is the placement of edinburgh , scotland ?
5 what sidereal day is august 13 , 1971 ?
0 how does a chick breathe inside an ovum ?
1 what color is an arctic canine in winter ?
4 what are the only two administrative district that incorporate the confederate battle flag in their flags ?
1 what was simple simon fishing for in his parent 's pail ?
1 what two body character grow all your life ?
0 how do you exterminate bees that are in the walls of your home ? will bee eggs remain over season ?
5 what 's the maximum number of baseball team a golfer may use in a round ?
3 what was the man 's language unit who was killed in a duel with aaron burr ?
1 What Boris Pasternak book sold 5 , 0 copies to become the fiction best-seller of 1958 ?
5 how many calendar month does it take the moon to revolve around the earth ?
1 what war saw a naval military action between the luxury liners cap trafalgar and the carmania ?
5 what is the mean financial gain of the top 10% , top 5% , and top 1% ?
0 How does the speed the magnet spins in a generator affect the output of the generator ?
0 how can i find a list of , fax and or email , addresses for human resource division in massachusetts ?
0 how was the chemical element calcium named ?
1 What was the species of Winnie the Pooh ?
3 who did sonny liston succeed as world heavyweight packing champion ?
3 who is the scientist that won the noble prize for literature in 1950 ?
5 when is a womanhood most fertile ?
0 what does the language unit camaro mean , from the gm car the camaro ?
1 what is a discussion whose letters can be rearranged to form a different discussion ?
1 what 2 statues did france give to other political unit ?
1 what weapon did the crossed opening in english castles accommodate ?
1 what is the organizational social organization of the new delhi indira gandhi airport ?
0 what is recruitment interview proficiency ?
3 What is the name of the managing director of Apricot Computer ?
5 how many residence runs did lou gehrig have during his career ?
1 what organism is the absolute fastest in moving in the world , birds , mammals , etc. , ?
3 who played the title character in the romantic englishwoman ?
1 what five-case winner of the kentucky derby lost his first 25 races ?
0 what does the discussion `` opera '' mean ?
1 what is a emotion of sleep ?
1 what is the name of a script written by aaron hass ?
1 what overall are named for dungri , a suburb of bombay ?
0 What is Garry Kasparov famous for ?
1 what was the name of the product that starred sharon stone and arnold schwarzenegger ?
1 what musical composition put james taylor in the limelight ?
1 what activity 's board shows the territories of irkutsk , yakutsk and kamchatka ?
0 what are the words to the candle eminem 's , or slim shady , `` my name is '' ?
5 how many time period has `` louie , louie '' been recorded ?
5 what are the highest-paying odds on a roulette array ?
3 what tv imaginary being sired a horse named thunder ?
1 what animal has been called the poor man 's cow ?
3 What part did Benjamin Franklin play in the development of the newspaper in America ?
0 What is the contents of proposition 98 ?
1 what was the non-literary composition best-seller of 1952 , 1953 and 1954 ?
1 what 1956 grace metalious novel was on the best-seller list for two class ?
5 what long time is benny carter ?
5 what is the electronic equipment number for the university of kentucky ?
1 What soft drink held a national flavor poll in 1967 ?
5 When did World War I start ?
3 what is the name of the police military officer who tried to keep order in top cat 's neighborhood ?
3 who wrote the bible ?
1 what book is the follow-up to future shock ?
0 what is the difference between molecules and whole ?
3 what nazi drawing card killed himself in jail just before he was to be executed as a war criminal ?
0 how can i find online orthography , and punctuation drills for my 6th grader ?
1 what is a concern of fur ?
4 what are the capital city of the two large countries that occupy the iberian peninsula in europe ?
3 What South Vietnamese president was assassinated by his generals in 1963 ?
5 How many Beatles ' records went #1 ?
0 why do quoits bring luck ?
3 Which of these are authors ?
4 where can i get piano music for the jamiroquai song everyday for the geographical area ?
0 why do some airplane have a vapor trail , and others do not ?
3 who are the nomadic hunt and gathering tribe of the kalahari desert in africa ?
0 how do you clean an lcd proctor screen ?
4 where can i find a happening on individuals with disabilities education act of 1991 ?
3 who does shakespeare 's antonio borrow 3 , 0 ducat from ?
4 Where can I find a list of `` classic '' books 5th and 6th graders should read ?
0 how does the speed the magnet spins in a apparatus affect the output of the apparatus ?
4 what famed room can you reach by dialing 22-287-5 ?
3 what feathered cartoon imaginary being do yugoslavians know as vlaja , gaja , and raja ?
1 what movie had bette davis creating a scandal by wearing a daring red gown to a society ball ?
4 what southern california municipality is named after a character made famous by edgar rice burroughs ?
3 who developed the first polio vaccine ?
3 what professional sports league originated the body draft ?
5 When was the Parthenon built ?
5 How many words are there in the Spanish language ?
4 what city has the two steepest street in the u.s. ?
3 what woman has carried the most multiple beginning , twins , triplets , etc. , ?
1 what do you call a section of your finger from one articulation to another ?
1 what broadway show introduced the birdcall some enchanted evening ?
0 why are there braille things on the atm device that people drive through ?
3 what multitalented academy-award-winning director failed a college path in motion-picture production ?
0 How can I call a friend in another country when I do not know the telephone number ?
0 what are the seven deadly sin ?
3 what ivy league school plays its home activity at palmer stadium ?
3 what was the real name of writer ross macdonald , creator of the leader lew archer ?
1 what is the best property to overcome a fear ?
0 How do you box train a cat ?
0 how do i stop inheritance noise in a car stereo ?
1 what is california 's state vertebrate ?
1 what commodity features a frog that says `` dig 'em '' ?
0 What does the word `` meta '' mean ?
4 what political unit borders denmark to the south ?
1 what 's been the devastation of many a poor boy in new orleans ?
5 how many multitude were executed for abraham lincoln 's assassination ?
2 what is a `` usb '' geographic point on a computer ?
5 how many gymnastic apparatus are there on a five-zone archery target ?
5 When did Theo Rousseau paint the `` Forest of Fontaine '' ?
0 how is carbon oxide removed from natural gas ?
3 world health organization is the son-in-law of sen. everett dirkson world health organization was also a senator in the '70 's ?
3 what 4-foot-9 actress in 1984 became the first performer to win an oscar for playing a imaginary being of the opposite sex ?
4 where are diamond mined ?
0 What does Melissa mean ?
5 the shea & gould collection firm had an office in l.a. for how many years ?
5 what is the death toll of people dying from infectious disease ?
3 What 2th-century fictional character attends Pencey Prep School ?
1 What are the five basic swimming strokes ?
4 what is the web address of the list of e-mail addresses of member of the house of representatives ?
5 how many lifting device do you ride to reach the top floor of the empire state building ?
3 What English playwright penned : `` Where the bee sucks , so shall I '' ?
3 what is her husband 's language unit ?
1 what marx brothers movie centers on a stolen graphic art ?
3 whom did the chicago bulls beat in the 1993 backing ?
3 which associate of charlie 's angels sang vocals for josie and the pussycats ?
1 what is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as : involuntary movements , tics , swearing , and incoherent communication , grunts , shouts , etc. ?
3 what fast-food magnate 's initials graced the left sleeve of the san diego padres ' ball game uniforms in 1984 ?
3 who was the original humpty dumpty ?
1 in what manner did ivan iv support russian expansion ?
1 what ability has the caterpillar moth lost through domestication ?
3 who did jackie kennedy perpetration to write the death of a president ?
0 what does the language unit `` opera '' mean ?
1 what format was vhs 's main rival ?
4 Where is the group M People from ?
0 What causes canker sores in the mouth ?
3 what writer did photographer yousuf karsh call `` the shiest man i ever met '' ?
1 what is the scotch `` for group who know the difference '' ?
3 what actor said in a day at the races : `` either he 's dead or my watch has stopped '' ?
5 What year did Rossetti paint `` Beata Beatrix '' ?
0 What is Eagle 's syndrome styloid process ?
3 who reports the weather on the `` good morning america '' television receiver show ?
4 what georgia municipality did scarlett o 'hara condemn as being full of pushy people ?
5 what year did nylon stockings first go on selling ?
1 What snack food has ridges ?
4 where could i go to take a journey on a steam locomotive ?
1 what 1964 movie introduced the song my kind of town ?
5 what are the odds of giving birth to gemini ?
3 Name the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk .
0 what is a atmospheric phenomenon surge ?
5 how many more weeks of winter are there if a earth hog sees his shadow ?
3 What American poet wrote : `` Good fences make good neighbors '' ?
4 what is the largest and most expensive expressway construction project in the u.s. right now ?
0 what routine does homeostasis have on the existence of an organism ?
3 Who is the Prophet of Medina ?
3 who is the incredible hulk in reality ?
5 how many member state of matter are in the un ?
1 What is a fear of night or darkness ?
1 what 12-hour cold medical science uses the formula `` 6 , 6 , 12 '' in its ads ?
1 what 's the traditional helping at the kentucky derby ?
0 what was the title to fame of explorer i , launched february 1 , 1958 ?
5 how many associate of a family could be drafted in the u.s. military during world war ii ?
4 Where is Rider College ?
0 what are those little blue reflectors in the middle of the way for ?
5 what is the people of the united states ?
5 When did the royal wedding of Prince Andrew and Fergie take place ?
1 what plaything can you make sleep ?
5 how many class is johnnie walker black label aged ?
5 of children between the ages of two and eleven , what share watch `` the simpsons '' ?
5 How many calories are there in a glass of water ?
5 how many jews were executed in concentration camp during wwii ?
5 How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
4 what u.s. municipality 's skyline boasts the gateway arch ?
0 what function does a community 's body of water tower serve ?
4 where can i buy movies on tape online ?
1 what interesting know-how was used to run the credits in the early popeye cartoons ?
0 why dchemical element rchemical elementchemical elementsters sing at five chemical element 'clchemical elementck in the mchemical elementrning ?
2 What is AFS ?
3 Who is Nicolo Paganini ?
0 what are some chemical properties of chemical element ?
0 what baseball expression came from the nautical word for ships sailing between the atlantic and pacific before the panama canal ?
1 what 1976 deep throat clone provides the leading woman with a second larynx ?
1 What is a fear of machinery ?
0 How is Answers.com funded ?
3 what company uses the unfamiliar faces of its celebrity spokespeople to promote the use of its commodity ?
5 what class was janet jackson 's first album released ?
0 what is dew decimal point ?
5 How many pairs of legs does a lobster have ?
3 who said : `` what contemptible scoundrel stole the bark from my lunch ? ''
3 name 11 famous martyr .
0 what is the difference between a classical and an acoustic stringed instrument ?
3 United Nations agency was the actor United Nations agency played sam in the movie casablanca ?
5 how many calories are there in a looking glass of water ?
3 Who won Oscars for her roles in Gone with the Wind and A Streetcar Named Desire ?
3 What is Steve Rogers 's profession when he 's not Captain America ?
1 what do camels store in their bulge ?
4 Where is Glasgow ?
1 which agent is commonly used to treat aids ?
5 how many time of life make up a lustrum ?
4 What country did King Wenceslas rule ?
1 What mammal of North America is the world 's longest-lived for its size ?
5 what will the california gas tax be in the class 2000 ?
0 what is the english message of caliente ?
3 what are the three most successful ship's company of our time ?
0 how do you stop junk gastropod mail ?
1 what musical composition were popular in 1948 ?
5 how many class did it take james joyce to write ulysses ?
0 what is false cognitive state ?
3 who is westview high 's band administrator in funky winkerbean ?
0 What is the difference between terry cloth and French terry ?
0 what is an example of an actual happening of using the fourteenth amendment ?
0 what is an land ?
4 what three european political unit begin with the letter a ?
1 What organic fuel do bog-dwellers use a `` slane '' to cut ?
3 what 's japan 's largest cable car manufacturer ?
1 what stephen king novel is set in a graveyard for animal ?
1 what substance do airplanes use ?
5 how much time does the blinking of an center take ?
1 what is the name given to a abstraction of geese ?
1 what drink is formed of tequila , orange foodstuff and galliano ?
0 why are there braille things on the atm machine that people drive through ?
3 who is imam hussain ben ali whom shia multitude believe in ?
5 on what time unit were john f and jackie kennedy married ?
0 what is the difference between classical learning and operant learning ?
0 what 's the difference between negligence and carefreeness ?
0 what is the beginning and the meaning of the name , `` hajo ? ''
1 what is the name of the ` female ' counterpart to el nino , which results in cooling temperature and very dry weather ?
4 What country is famous for Persian rugs ?
0 what are the speech to the cd eminem 's , or slim shady , `` my name is '' ?
5 how many metric linear unit are in a mile ?
3 which of the following rock 'n roll celestial bodys has a `` celestial body '' on hollywood boulevard ?
3 what mormon leader was said to have had 27 wife ?
0 What does `` extended definition '' mean and how would one write a paper on it ?
3 what two new york yankee ballplayer swapped wives and families ?
4 what asian nation has a bill of rights for cows ?
3 Who was the oldest U.S. president ?
0 how does zoonosis spread ?
3 what was darth vader 's male offspring named ?
5 What is the fare cost for the round trip between New York and London on Concorde ?
3 who earns their money the hard way ?
3 who did bobby fischer beat to win the world chess championship ?
4 what are the names of the tourist attractions in reims ?
1 what is the english translation for the language unit `` caliente '' ?
4 what country have the most auto thefts ?
2 What does NN O `` mean when used as a prefix in Irish surnames ?
4 what body of water sparkles next to miami , florida ?
1 what chess outcome results when a contestant has no legal move ?
4 the kentucky horse park is close to which american municipality ?
3 What college enlivens Hanover , New Hampshire ?
3 what baked goods company used to feature stickers of the cisco kid on the ends of their packages ?
1 what are the different types of credit card ?
1 What 's the highest-ranking suit in bridge ?
4 what country is the largest diamond manufacturer ?
3 what u.s. president had male sibling-in-law in the confederate army ?
4 what is the richest administrative district in the u.s. ?
0 what is the origin of the term `` buffalo means '' that is used as a menu item in bars across the nation for chicken means in a spicey sauce ?
0 what is a entrance ?
5 what hundred does captain video live in ?
1 what does a man suffering from diphallic monster have ?
1 what international diversion was originally called hurley ?
3 who was lauren bacall 's first husband ?
3 Who leads the star ship Enterprise in Star Trek ?
4 where can i find book appraisal of `` turbulent souls '' ?
1 on which flight did fawaz younis commit gas piracy and hostage taking ?
3 who is the richest person in the world , without owning a enterprise ?
1 what is the recipe or mathematical statement for coca-cola ?
0 What is being done about the millennium bug ?
4 What desert has been called The Garden of Allah ?
3 who won a pulitzer prize for his novel the caine mutiny ?
3 who portrayed w.c. fields in the film w.c. fields and me ?
4 where are all european and american eel born ?
1 What vowel do all Esperanto nouns end in ?
3 who owns the rights on a tv program ?
3 who was with patricia hearst the nox she was kidnaped ?
1 What novel inspired the movie BladeRunner ?
4 what u.s. state of matter boasts stone mountain , the world 's largest mass of exposed granite ?
4 where can i buy product on videotape online ?
3 what lawyer won the largest divorce settlement , $85 million , in u.s. past for sheika dena al-farri ?
3 who wrote the look of love after viewing ursula andress ?
3 what basketball actor is credited with 23 , 924 rebounds ?
0 what is main reason for that electric conveyance can 't be popular nowadays ?
1 what is a 2-sided aim called ?
5 how many species of the great white elasmobranch are there ?
1 what 's the hungarian discussion for pepper ?
4 What state has the most Indians ?
3 who 's the king of swing ?
4 what mountain extent is traversed by the highest railroad in the world ?
5 how many casino are in atlantic city , nj ?
0 what is the explanation of low island ?
4 What New York City landmark has 168 steps to its crown ?
0 what is the half-being of p-32 ?
2 what does the e stand for in the equation e=mc2 ?
3 in dana 's `` two years before the mast , '' what mariner lived in an abandoned oven on the beach at san diego ?
1 What racehorse won an Associated Press poll as the greatest horse of the 20th century ?
4 what african nation is governed from ouagadougou ?
3 who was the first woman in attribute ?
3 who created dennis the menace ?
3 who was the famous door-to-door vegetation salesman ?
3 what organization is the security council a relation of ?
3 who comprised the now-defunct comic book team known as the champions ?
0 what is the deviation between the koran and the bible ?
4 what nation borders denmark to the south ?
1 What is April 's gemstone ?
3 what 1920s cowboy star rode tony the wonder horse ?
4 what is the language unit of the highest mountain in africa ?
5 how many queen bees reign in a multitude ?
1 what are the communication spoken by the natives in afghanistan ?
1 what 's the world 's most common whole ?
0 how does a rainbow human body ?
3 who asked the musical question : `` have you ever been to electric lady land ? ''
5 what is the animation expectancy of an elephant ?
5 how many assortment of twins are there ?
3 Who was the first President to appoint a woman to head a cabinet ?
5 how many cherub are there on a trivial pursuit board ?
4 what are the benelux country ?
0 where did the speech `` rule of thumb '' come from ?
3 who was the tallest u.s. president ?
3 who were the head communicator for the smothers brothers comedy hour ?
1 What magazine paid $5 , 000 for an eight-millimeter film of John F. Kennedy 's assassination ?
1 What 1956 Grace Metalious novel was on the best-seller list for two years ?
5 what is the weight unit of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole ?
3 in the movie groundshog day what is the name of the fictional character played by andie macdowell ?
4 where can i find a review of nightmare on elm street in a film daybook ?
5 how much energy is released when chemical element and hydrogen mix ?
1 What 's the most popular form of gambling with women in Las Vegas ?
5 what year did rossetti coating `` beata beatrix '' ?
0 how did u.s.a become involved in the barbary wars
5 how many points is a bullseye worth in board game ?
3 who was randy steven craft 's lawyer ?
5 how many colors are there in a bow ?
3 who was the first russian astronaut to walk in attribute ?
1 what was the result to the pink panther ?
0 What is a Guild ?
1 what hollywood dog died in the coat of arms of jean harlow in 1932 ?
3 what is an example of a famous rock band from the sixty ?
3 what title did suzette charles assume for two calendar month in 1984 ?
0 how do you match a name to a social security system number ?
3 who is the fastest swimmer in the world ?
3 who was the actor who played sam in the product casablanca ?
1 what toy can you make physical condition ?
3 What actor first portrayed James Bond ?
3 who 's the lead singer of the led zeppelin social group ?
1 What line of candy products included Super Skrunch and Peanut Butter Oompas ?
4 what country boasts the southernmost decimal point in continental europe ?
3 what engineer invented the propulsion-tab can ?
0 what characteristic contribute to its `` intelligence '' ?
3 What Nazi leader killed himself in jail just before he was to be executed as a war criminal ?
4 what 's the name of the temple that is located near the das kapital city of laos ?
0 how do you find the area of a traffic circle ?
5 on which dates does the track of the bulls occur in pamplona , spain ?
0 how is carbon paper dioxide removed from natural gas ?
4 what asian municipality boasts the world 's biggest bowling alley ?
1 what does the method called `` cold union '' create ?
4 What state did Anita Bryant represent in the 1959 Miss America contest ?
4 what is the assets of seattle ?
5 what time period does a hiemal activity normally take place in ?
3 who are the top ten richest multitude in the world ?
4 what are the worldly concern 's three largest oceans , in order of size ?
3 what president kissed the queen mother on the articulator ?
1 what 's the result to alice 's adventures in wonderland ?
5 What century does Captain Video live in ?
0 what is difference between a sign and a print ?
3 what team did babe ruth play his first major league activity for ?
0 what makes a tornado act ?
3 what russian victor spy lived in the u.s. under the name emil goldfus ?
1 what do humans catch zoonose illness from ?
3 name the scar-faced bounty orion of the old west .
1 Name a medicine commonly used to combat AIDS ?
0 Why do we have to go to school ?
3 who made the rotary engine automobile ?
1 what weapon did the crossed slits in english mansion accommodate ?
3 what 's the language unit of tom sawyer 's aunt with whom he lives ?
3 what baseball player was walked the most time period ?
3 What robust U.S. President imported his own instructor after seeing a judo match ?
3 who was the second man to walk on the moonlight ?
1 what auto subspecies was wilbur reed the first to win three times ?
0 how does light travel through the void of space if there is no instrumentality for it to ` wave ' or ` pulse ' .
5 how long does it take for your blood to make one complete slip through the body ?
1 name the 5 words that use all of the letter in the alphabet , except q , with no repeats .
3 Who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
3 the professional who represented randy craft , what was his name ?
0 Why do airliners crash vs. gliding down ?
1 What color eyes are most sensitive to light ?
5 how much could you rent a volkswagen insect for in 1966 ?
3 who is archie bunker 's son-in-law ?
1 what started in 1849 when precious metal was discovered at sutter 's mill ?
1 what is the most heavily caffeinated soft helping ?
3 in the movie groundshog day what is the name of the imaginary being played by andie macdowell ?
1 What is a term for behavior , appearance , or expression that violates the accepted standards of sexual morality ?
5 what is the angular distance and longitude of el paso , texas ?
5 When was Ozzy Osbourne born ?
0 what are catch worms ?
4 what populous administrative district covers 49 , 576 square miles ?
4 what is the das kapital of seattle ?
3 What barroom judge called himself The Law West of the Pecos ?
1 what common disorder can 't you catch at the north pole ?
3 What major league baseball team compiled the best won-lost record between 1957 and 1983 ?
3 What is Pittsburgh 's baseball team called ?
4 what political unit surrounds san marino , the world 's smallest republic ?
3 what actor dressed up as santa claus and had a once-a-year affair with actor shelley winters every christmas for many years ?
3 who penned : `` neither a recipient nor a lender be '' ?
1 What incident of 1933 did the German Nazis use to justify emergency decrees , imprisoning opponents and vesting more power in themselves ?
1 what is the term that describes a language unit where only one usage has been recorded in all literature ?
0 what does n est-ce pas average ?
4 What was the largest city in the world to declare martial law in 1989 ?
0 what is the origin of u.s. army sergeant 's badge ?
5 what are the dimensions of an ice hockey finish ?
5 how many john deere self-propelled vehicle have been manufactured ?
0 what makes ground beef taste like steakburgers ?
3 Who replaced Bert Parks as the host of The Miss America Pageant ?
0 whapyrimidine is main reason for pyrimidinehapyrimidine elecpyrimidineric vehicles can 'pyrimidine be popular nowadays ?
3 what celebrity couple , when going through a divorce , divided their toilet paper into two equal pain ?
0 what was the infamous feat of germany 's u-2 submersible ?
1 What 1976 Deep Throat clone provides the leading lady with a second larynx ?
4 what island is residence to statues called mauis ?
0 what is the origin of the municipality `` corpus christi '' ?
5 how many degrees cooler is the region of a cucumber than the air outside ?
4 what united states city produces the most lipid ?
3 what television receiver network flogged its sports programming on inga nielsen 's body in 197 ?
5 what is the fine for having a dog on a geological formation ?
1 what is the primary communication of the philippines ?
4 What building are British monarchs crowned in ?
5 independent silversmith 's record for what percentage of silver production ?
4 what is the smallest political unit in africa ?
3 Who is the Queen of Holland ?
3 What actor and actress have made the most movies ?
5 how many time of life ago did the ship titanic sink ?
3 who sued the dannon yougurt company for using a character named ron raider for promotion ?
3 what internet explorer followed columbus to the americas ?
3 what civil war general wreaked havoc on the geographical area by marching through georgia on his way to the sea ?
0 why are methamphetamine cream sundaes called sundaes ?
1 what famed tennis tournament 's men 's badminton title was fred perry the last englishman to win ?
4 what city would you be in if you were feeding the pigeon in the piazza san marco ?
0 what is the gay science ?
1 what sport is played on the largest tract ?
3 What company was the original sponsor of TV 's Superman ?
4 where in the united states do multitude live the longest ?
1 How do you say `` Grandma '' in Irish ?
3 who was gerald ford 's vice corporate executive ?
2 What does LOL mean ?
5 how many south american country have the letter z in their names ?
3 what toy company is the world 's no.1 godhead of female apparel ?
1 whapyrimidine bird can swim bupyrimidine can 'pyrimidine fly ?
5 how many fig newtons are there to the egyptian pound ?
4 what 's the most powerful country in the natural object ?
5 what is dick clark 's anniversary ?
0 what is the definition of `` chancery '' file in real estate of the realm ?
0 How do I find info about rice importers in the world ?
1 name a movie in which jude law acted .
1 what 's the southern dish made of pigs ' small internal organ ?
0 how do you calculate the change in enthalpy of a chemical chemical process ?
0 in waugh 's `` a handful of dust , '' what does the mad old man force the hero to do every afternoon ?
1 what medium of exchange was used here ?
3 whose musical performance voice was dubbed in for natalie wood in west side story and audrey hepburn in my fair lady ?
3 What high school does Archie attend ?
1 at christmas time , what is the traditional thing to do under the parasitic plant ?
1 what product did robert conrad dare multitude to knock off his shoulder ?
0 what is real time process ?
4 what is the largest shopping mall in the natural object ?
0 for what reason did the shea & gould law firm close their l.a. position ?
5 How much Coca Cola is drunk in one day in the world ?
3 name the fast substance chain with the golden arches .
5 how fast do cheetah run ?
5 How many people have died of tuberculosis ?
3 who wrote the script , `` huckleberry finn '' ?
5 how many calorie are in a tomato ?
1 What is the shape of a football as stated in the NFL rulebook ?
4 What ocean is the largest in the world ?
0 What excuse did the NATO people give for hitting the Chinese embassy ?
0 what facial feature did walt disney mutant that none of disney 's employees is allowed to ?
0 how do doctors diagnose connective tissue cancer ?
5 what 's the score of a forfeited ball game game ?
3 Who banned Peter Rose from baseball for betting on games ?
0 What makes sperm ?
0 How did the bikini bathing suite get its name ?
1 what substance are for healthy bones and teeth ?
1 what category of hat does bat masterson wear ?
1 what people am i in ?
5 how much waste does an average farm cow produce in a day ?
4 what sunday-blasted , 14-mile wide valley is just north of the mojave desert ?
0 What did Mighty Mouse always sing as he went into action ?
0 how do you do a message outline ?
1 what is the brand name of a material used to control ripening ?
4 which municipality has the oldest relationship as a sistermunicipality with los angeles ?
3 What author was appointed U.S. ambassador to Spain in 1842 ?
1 what food contain vitamin b12 ?
1 what is the form of gulf ?
5 when was child class abolished ?
4 what asian city boasts the world 's biggest bowling street ?
0 what is a `` repeating citizen '' ?
3 what performer first portrayed james bond ?
4 what nation 's flag is field green ?
3 What female painter produced primitives of rural New England life ?
3 who wrote `` much ado about nothing '' ?
4 where can i find all the data i need to know about the english civil war , 1642-1649 , ?
3 who was the first adult golfer to earn a million ?
3 What doctor is synonymous with footwear and foot care ?
0 why are haunted building popular ?
1 What non-alcoholic syrup is made from pomegranate juice ?
1 what artifact 's shortage was the largest single factor in keeping north american cars off the roads during world war ii ?
3 who manufactures the software , `` photoshop '' ?
3 who does datum collection in tourism ?
1 what is the name of the disease that actress hunter tylo 's baby girlfriend has ?
3 what british prime minister and u.s. president of the united states were seventh cousins once-removed ?
4 what former royal palace has served as a granary , prison , armory , leper colony , mint , telegraph station and whorehouse before becoming an art museum ?
0 what is the origin of the term `` buffalo wings '' that is used as a menu detail in bars across the nation for chicken wings in a spicey sauce ?
4 what is the state appellation of mississippi ?
1 what determines the value of the bone ?
1 what helping contains as many types of rum as possible ?
5 how much in miles is a ten k score ?
1 what movie featured the character popeye doyle ?
1 What was John F. Kennedy 's 1960 campaign song ?
1 Name the operating system that runs on IBM-compatible machines .
1 What did the forward-thinking Simon Brothers Bakery of Chicago insert into bagels to boost business ?
1 What golfing accessory was patented by George Grant on December 12
4 What are some good fractal web sites ?
0 what is place of business automation ?
1 what product told of anna anderson 's claim to be a russian czar 's daughter ?
3 who was president cleveland 's spouse ?
3 What Hall of Fame pitcher started three World Series Games for the New York Yankees in 1962 ?
3 who was shot in the back during a poker game in deadwood , the dakota region ?
0 what is a virtual ip address ?
1 what is the longest-running broadcasting series ?
4 what municipality is sometimes called gotham ?
1 What product features a frog that says `` dig 'em '' ?
1 what 1895 h.g. wells novel was written under the championship the chronic argonauts ?
1 in what film did steven spielberg 's dog star as the main imaginary being 's dog ?
1 what drug is often used to treat aids patient ?
4 what political unit buys 25 percent of the world 's tea exports ?
3 Who has the only speaking role in `` Silent Movie '' ?
5 what indebtedness did qintex group leave ?
3 what fool is not so wise to lose an profanity to win a paradise ?
4 What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?
4 what ocean did the titanic plumbing fixture in ?
1 what are the names of the different toe ?
4 where did freidreich wilhelm ludwig leichhardt , prussian born internet explorer , go to school ?
1 what homerian epic chronicles psychological feature toward the end of the trojan wars ?
3 What explorers followed Columbus to the Americas ?
1 what medium of exchange was used by them ?
0 what 's the difference between carelessness and cheerfulness ?
0 how was the element metallic element named ?
3 who made the first gas engine ?
3 what buxom blonde appeared on the cover of more than 5 press ?
5 what is the cost of the agent used in tuberculosis treatments ?
4 what european country abandoned charge stamps in 1923 because printing them cost more than their face value ?
0 how can i register my computer in yahoo for free ?
3 Who is Malaysia 's 43rd prime minister ?
0 how can i get a comic fictional character i made copyrighted and published ?
1 what is the name of the ` female ' equivalent to el nino , which results in cooling temperatures and very dry weather ?
5 how long does the average domesticated black-footed ferret live ?
3 who is westview high 's band director in funky winkerbean ?
3 Who is Luke Skywalker 's father ?
1 What is the connection between New Krypton and Daxam ?
3 what actor 's biography is titled all my yesterdays ?
0 what is the half-animation of p-32 ?
5 what are the unemployment statistic for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
1 What soft drink would provide me with the biggest intake of caffeine ?
5 what is the chemical phenomenon rate for australian to american money ?
5 what year did germany sign its nonaggression written agreement with the soviet union ?
3 Who is the best known villain of the 165 Gunpowder Plot ?
1 what is an model of a natural acid-base indicator ?
3 what two baseball actor make up the battery ?
0 what is the feudal instrumentality ?
1 name a product that controls the ripening of apple .
1 what is the only produce that starts with `` z '' ?
0 What happened to Pompeii ?
3 who is section director for guidance and control systems at jpl ?
1 what video format was an option to vhs ?
3 what is the name of the american United Nations agency was captured when his plane went down over syrian-held lebanon ?
3 what writer wrote : `` ... i have promises to keep , and miles to go before i sleep '' ?
3 who shared a new york city apartment with roger maris the time period he hit 61 home runs ?
5 How much of the earth 's surface is permanently frozen ?
1 what is a fear of home environment ?
4 where is it planned to berth the merchant ship , lane victory , which merchant marine veterans are converting into a floating depository ?
3 who killed gandhi ?
1 What does a deltiologist collect ?
4 In which state are the Mark Twain National Forests ?
4 What European country is home to the beer-producing city of Budweis ?
4 where can i get message on the original 13 us colonies ?
3 who held the endurance record for women pilots in 1929 ?
5 how many times in his 16-year national basketball associaton career was john havlicek a extremity of the all-star team ?
3 What were Babe Ruth 's Christian names ?
3 name the five positions United Nations agency are in the line of succession to the presidency .
1 What Sinatra hit did he dooby dooby do in ?
0 What is pandoro ?
0 What is a hydrogen bond ?
5 where does the u.s. rank among world countries in sphere ?
3 what former president 's daughter has written a script titled murder in the white house ?
3 who loved flash gordon besides dale ?
3 who used auh2o as an election motto ?
5 what month , day , and year did charles i die ?
0 How does food color affect how you think it will taste ?
1 which side of the face do most artists tend to show more of in self-portrayal ?
5 how many people died on d-day ?
0 What is a Chinese `` spouting '' bowl ?
3 what inescapable purveyor of backdrop music celebrated its 5th anniversary in july , 1984 ?
0 what 's the claim to fame of nox watchman frank wills ?
3 who is always trying to get the rent from andy capp ?
3 what is the name of the adult who was with john belushi when he died ?
0 What do pointed letters mean to a handwriting analyst ?
1 what is a emotion of stings ?
4 What are the four largest mountain ranges in the continental United States ?
4 what are the names of all the body of water in the world and what ocean do they drain into ?
0 what is the beginning of the term `` blue moon , '' and how often do they occur ?
4 what nation 's national passenger rail system is called via ?
3 who started the dominos pizza series ?
0 What is ethylene ?
5 how much does it cost to have a woody plant planted by dialing , 900 , 740-woody plant ?
5 how many major nazi body went on trial after the war at nuremberg ?
1 What does Visine get out ?
3 who was shakespeare 's moorish general ?
3 who invented ball game ?
0 how can sql questioning be improved ?
3 what famous actress made her first quality on stage at the age of five in the year 191 as `` baby '' ?
5 what year did jack nicklaus join the professional golfers association enlistment ?
5 how far can a man travel in outer attribute ?
4 where can i find the name of all the 15 pokemon ?
1 What does Warner Bros. call a flightless cuckoo ?
4 Name the largest country in South America .
3 what multitalented academy-award-winning director failed a college education in motion-picture production ?
4 what las vegas building burned in november , 1980 , with the loss of 84 lives ?
1 what is the natural object 's best selling cookie ?
5 what time period did hitler die ?
1 what stephen sondheim ballad ends : `` well , maybe next class.. . '' ?
1 what organism do buffalo wings come from ?
4 What U.S. city was named for St. Francis of Assisi ?
5 how many propellers helped power the plane the wright brother flew into history ?
0 Why do some people have two different color eyes ?
0 How can you get rust stains out of clothing ?
0 What is a cake of soap ?
3 what labor leader was last seen in the room lot of a michigan restaurant ?
3 what radio , tv and movie fictional character did jackie gleason and william bendix play ?
5 What was Thatcher 's approval rating after 10 years in power ?
1 what world war i battle saw 6 , 0 troops killed in one time unit ?
3 rotary motor were manufactured by which company ?
3 who invented the emptiness cleaner ?
3 What Green Bay Packers coach philosophized : `` There 's nothing that stokes the fire like hate '' ?
5 what day of the week sees the most fatal car mishap ?
0 how do i make substance bricks from recycled newspaper ?
5 how many work force does bjorn borg use when hitting his forehand ?
5 What month did the Edmund Fitzgerald sink ?
1 What is one of the languages spoken by the Sioux called ?
0 how can i look up someone 's e-chain mail address on the internet ?
4 what nation was hitler the chancellor of ?
4 where is the oldest living matter on earth ?
5 what month of the year is there no broadcasting in iceland ?
1 which sex is twice as likely to contract infectious disease ?
1 what operating system do ibm-compatible machines activity ?
5 What year did nylon stockings first go on sale ?
1 what product 's ads claim that it `` eliminates odors , kills family germs , mold , and mildew '' ?
3 who is the leader of brunei ?
4 what famed stream flows through bagdad ?
3 what boodle company used to feature stickers of the cisco kid on the ends of their packages ?
3 whose acceptance speech of more than 3 minutes prompted a time terminus ad quem on academy award thank-yous ?
0 how do poultry have baby chicks ?
1 which two commodity use a tiger as their symbol ?
3 what is li 'l abner 's last language unit ?
5 When were fish first believed to be found on earth ?
3 what relative of leo tolstoy translated war and peace eight fourth dimension ?
1 what category of animal is babar ?
3 who invented the fountain ?
1 what nutrients are for healthy bone and teeth ?
4 which two state of matter enclose chesapeake bay ?
1 What is the zodiac sign for August 14 ?
0 What 's a water funnel ?
4 what were the first bodies visited by craft ?
5 when did the consumption of `` the syringe '' first appear in medicinal history ?
4 in what state was there an 11 million gallon vegetable oil spill ?
3 which company claimed to be `` the world 's biggest toy storehouse '' ?
3 Who gave King Arthur the round table ?
0 what is the difference between chip & microcontrollers ?
1 what is a fear of taste ?
5 how many pachyderm are left on earth ?
3 what director portrayed the commandant of the pow camp in 1953 's stalag 17 ?
1 what invention does the rationale of conservation of energy make impossible ?
1 what are the celestial body made of ?
1 What does Final Four refer to in the sports world ?
4 what are the five richest country in the world ?
5 how much does it cost , average or whatever is available , to produce and send junk mail list in the us ? , dt cd nn nn ,
4 what is the state of matter nickname of mississippi ?
3 Whom did Lauren Bacall marry after her husband Humphrey Bogart died ?
5 what seven digit follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
3 Who invented the radio ?
0 Why are eggs supposed to be stored small end down ?
3 name of character in `` scruples '' ?
5 how many three-letter permutation can be made from the four letters : c ?
4 what european country is home to the beer-producing municipality of budweis ?
3 the name of the performer who played the detective in the film kindergarden cop is what ?
5 what is the fundamental quantity today ?
3 what video game hero do some of his device call chomper ?
4 what is the web code of the list of e-mail codees of members of the house of representatives ?
4 What state is John F. Kennedy buried in ?
4 what country 's iris is field green ?
4 what city 's airfield is named logan international ?
5 How many chairs are shown in Vincent Van Gogh 's 188 work The Artist 's Room in Arles ?
0 how do i legally make my own volition and testament ?
3 who said `` what contemptible villain stole the cork from my lunch ? ''
0 how can i find out how much it costs to raise a baby for six calendar month ?
5 how much does one ton of cement price ?
1 what was the eighth day following the nones in each time period of the roman calendar called ?
5 What month 's third weekend is the Monterey Jazz Festival held on ?
4 what country was brian boru an 11th-century sovereign of ?
3 what u.s. president showed a liking for munching on bee pollen bars ?
0 what is prepared crucifer ?
3 what poet wrote : `` ... i have commitment to keep , and miles to go before i sleep '' ?
4 what mountains lie between the arkansas and missouri river ?
1 What is a fear of gravity ?
3 Name the five positions who are in the line of succession to the presidency .
5 how many vertebrate foot long is a baseball pitcher 's rubber ?
0 how do you write mla style bibliographies for an internet source ?
3 Who makes the `` Die Hard '' car battery ?
5 What percentage of the world 's plant and animal species can be found in the Amazon forests ?
0 how can i find a list of , facsimile and or email , addresses for human resource departments in massachusetts ?
1 which mammal life , breeds , eats , and sleeps underground ?
1 what then-derogatory term was applied to the cougar monet , sisley , pissarro , renoir and degas ?
3 what new york yankee was known as the iron horse ?
1 what is the name of the islamic equivalent to the red cross ?
0 what is the quality between classical conditioning and operant conditioning ?
5 how many colors was the decade collectible called a donald duck rubber boat ?
1 What measures did Clinton take to avoid the draft ?
0 what 's the deviation and advantages of selecting a super vhs vcr over plain vhs model ?
5 what year was the avery dennison institution founded ?
0 How is a hydrogen bomb different from a nuclear bomb ?
1 in what ways did ivan iv support russian increase ?
1 what 's the international radio code word for the letter b ?
1 What future movie treat was introduced to American colonists in 1603 by Native Americans ?
0 what is the beginning of the expression `` four-letter word '' ?
5 how many real fruit juices are there in a buttocks of hawaiian punch ?
1 what 1966 boob tube turkey took astronauts back to prehistoric times ?
3 What is the best college in the country ?
0 what is a gymnospermous tree ?
3 who created the monster in mary shelley 's novel frankenstein ?
3 What team did Babe Ruth play his first major league game for ?
4 What park contains Firehole River and Fairy Falls ?
3 who was shot in the body part during a poker game in deadwood , the dakota territory ?
0 What is fellatio ?
3 what civilization invented the curve ?
3 what was the ventura county force department that seized the county 's largest amount of cocaine ever ?
1 what lewis carroll script introduced humpty dumpty to the world ?
3 Who served as inspiration for the schoolteacher portrayed by Robin Williams in `` Dead Poets Society '' ?
3 Which Bourbon king was restored to the French throne during Napoleon 's abdication ?
4 what 's the second-highest mountain in the natural object ?
3 who was the writer of the famous fairy tale `` snow white and seven dwarfs '' ?
3 who is the queen of holland ?
5 what percent liked thatcher after she had been in power for a ten ?
4 where do people natural elevation climb in nepal ?
1 What can communications satellites offer yachts ?
5 how many megawatt will the power project in indonesia , built by a consortium headed by mission energy of us , produce ?
4 What mountain range marks the border of France and Spain ?
4 what are the largest breweries in the worldly concern ?
1 name a gaelic terminology .
1 what mutant is known for hooligans ?
0 what problems contributed to the high failure pace of plains farmers in the 1800s ?
5 When did swimming become commonplace ?
4 what is the best place to live in the world , considering climate , culture ?
3 what double talk `` professor '' holds a doctorate in nothing ?
3 who is the richest woman in the world ?
0 what are amicable act ?
3 what director portrayed the commandant of the pow clique in 1953 's stalag 17 ?
4 what 's the name of the wilkes plantation in gone with the wind ?
5 What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England ?
1 What award is the `` Oscar '' of advertising ?
4 what are the ten safest american municipality for pedestrians ?
3 what multitalented academy-award-winning director failed a college course in motion-movie production ?
4 what constellation represents a hunter with club and protective covering ?
1 what 's the highest extremity in straight poker ?
1 What movie tour of the Roman empire features the admonition : `` Row well and live '' ?
5 how much does it cost , average or whatever is available , to produce and send junk chain mail catalogues in the us ? , dt cd nn nn ,
3 who is prince naseem hamed ?
5 how many movie has drew barrymore been in ?
1 what is a female lapin called ?
5 how many county are in indiana ?
0 what is the function of ram ?
0 Define cosmology .
1 what plate measures earthquakes ?
3 what pulitzer prize-winning novelist ran for civil authority of new york city ?
3 who wrote the red badge of courage ?
1 what late-night tv show features larry , bud , melman and toast on a stick ?
3 what bread institution used to feature stickers of the cisco kid on the ends of their packages ?
1 what oldtime kids ' fare did tv guide writer jeff greenfield call `` one of the most...subversive tv shows in american past '' ?
1 what hide-and-seek game is played around a tin container ?
0 What is the difference between Neoclassical art and Romanticism art ?
5 how big is our galaxy in length ?
1 what sport features slotbacks , tailbacks , and football play ?
3 what are the top boy name in the u.s. ?
3 whose visual communication is titled shape up with arnold ?
1 what is widely used to detect parturition defects ?
0 how do you do a list page ?
0 what according to the kinsey institute , is the sexual preference of four percent of american male ?
3 who directed the wild bunch ?
3 Who invented baseball ?
5 In what year did the US Marine Corps adopt the motto `` Semper Fidelis '' ?
1 What is a fear of hair ?
1 what is the best-selling book of all fourth dimension ?
4 What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?
4 What country surrounds San Marino , the world 's smallest Republic ?
1 what is widely used to detect prenatal birth imperfection ?
1 what soap was touted as being `` for multitude who like multitude '' ?
4 What is the tallest building in Japan ?
4 what country has the interface of haifa ?
3 What corporation does Madonna advertise for ?
4 What city was Bobby Kennedy assassinated in ?
1 What is a synonym for aspartame ?
3 world health organization was the lyricist and world health organization was the composer between gilbert and sullivan ?
1 what soft drink held a national spirit poll in 1967 ?
3 what detective lives on punchbowl hill and has 11 child ?
3 who killed kurt cobain ?
4 what country and western musician is known as the silver fox ?
1 what kernel complemented sweet potatoes and peas in the first tv dinner ?
5 when was the first successful heart graft for a human ?
3 what multitalented academy-award-winning film director failed a college course in motion-picture production ?
5 how many member of a family could be drafted in the u.s. military during world war ii ?
1 what is a concern of trees ?
3 name the first private national to fly in space .
4 what two south american country do n't border brazil ?
1 what 1963 joseph l. mankiewicz movie cost $28 million ?
3 Who was Quetzalcoatl ?
1 what late-nox tv show features larry , bud , melman and toast on a stick ?
3 what is the most common boy 's or woman 's name ?
3 who wrote nn dt nnp nnp '' ?
3 who invented the summons to make condensed milk ?
1 what can one see in reims ?
0 how do i find a city if i have the sphere code ?
5 how many types of canine ' tails are there - three
3 in the movie groundshog day what is the language unit of the character played by andie macdowell ?
3 what is an example of a famous rock band from the decade ?
3 what 's the name of the actress who starred in the product , `` silence of the lambs '' ?
3 what bestselling modern poet was the cobalt-founder of the famous city lights bookshop in san franciscobalt ?
0 What are the environmental influences on plant genetics ?
3 which ventura county police department seized the largest cocaine shipment in it 's past ?
3 What NFL team did Vince Lombardi end his coaching career with ?
0 What is the origin of the word `` sideburns '' ?
3 in what high-danger business venture did jimmy the greek bet and lose ?
4 What is the largest office block in the world ?
3 what famous film and tv cowboy lent his name to a fast substance chain ?
5 what time period was the atm first introduced ?
0 what is the difference between fabric and chino ?
3 who was the king who was forced to agree to the magna carta ?
5 how old is the italian creator maurizio pellegrin ?
5 When was Microsoft established ?
2 What does the acronym CPR mean ?
1 what chocolate browning automatic rifle created by frank mars and his wife is often called a milky way with peanuts ?
1 name the 5 password that use all of the letters in the alphabet , except q , with no repeats .
0 what is the difference between wind and blues ?
3 what tennis contestant has the nickname `` nasty '' ?
1 what is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as : involuntary movements , tics , swearing , and incoherent vocalizations , grunts , cry , etc. ?
3 who became corporate executive of the u.s. in 1789 ?
4 what administrative district in the u.s. has the most blacks ?
0 how can i easily remove red wine appearance from t-shirts ?
3 what apollo 11 traveler minded the store while armstrong and aldrin made history ?
1 what became the biggest currency crop in the u.s. in 1983 , surpassing corn ?
5 how many multitude did the united nations commit to help restore order and distribute humanitarian relief in somalia in september 1992 ?
5 How many boys play the game in Winslow Homer 's 1872 painting Snap the Whip ?
1 what cooking oil has `` corn quality '' ?
0 what caused the lynmouth flood tide ?
0 what is the beginning of head lice ?
1 What was the first domesticated bird ?
0 what is the origin of the writing practice sentence `` now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their country '' ?
0 What was the effect of the Yalta Conference ?
5 how much of the silver production is manufactured by independent silversmith ?
5 how many people have been killed in military action , armed conflicts ?
5 What is the recommended weight of a 15 year-old male that is 5 , 6 ?
3 name the person who burst through the screen in the lite beer commercial .
1 what movie canine is buried in pere-lachaise cemetery in paris ?
3 which of the following rock 'n roll celestial body has a `` star '' on hollywood boulevard ?
0 what is the poetic meter of blank writing style ?
3 who was samuel johnsons 's friend and writer ?
0 What is the VDRL test of blood ?
0 What are the limits to `` self-defense ? ''
3 what is the full name of the man United Nations agency invented the multicolored game cube that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations ?
3 who is malaysia 's 43rd prime minister ?
3 what president hit the jogging paths to enhance his athletic image and , sporting no. 39 , almost collapsed during the way race ?
1 what is the brand name of the chemical chemical ?
0 What does the word `` opera '' mean ?
1 what organism occurs in spielberg 's `` jaws '' ?
0 what is noble metal ?
4 what is the most populated city in the worldly concern ?
3 who established a viking body in greenland about 985 ?
3 what is the first personal computer institution ?
5 how many queen hymenopterous insect reign in a hive ?
3 what wild and crazy man wrote a book called cruel shoes ?
0 how do you make a capsule ?
3 what was the occupation of the animated sky hawks ?
0 how do they produce nutriment ?
1 what species is a foal ?
3 Who discovered electricity ?
3 what are the five most popular usenet abstraction ?
5 what is the angular distance and longitude of el paso , texas ?
5 How much time does the blinking of an eye take ?
1 what color are a cherry tree 's flower ?
0 how does light travel through the nothingness of space if there is no medium for it to ` wave ' or ` pulse ' .
4 what russian seaport has a language unit meaning `` lord of the east '' ?
5 how hot does the inside of an active crack get ?
4 What U.S. state are the Finger Lakes in ?
1 what are the seven curiosity of the world ?
1 What is a fear of going to bed ?
5 when did french revolutionist storm the bastille ?
0 what are the side personal property of mevacor ?
0 how can i find a list of celebrities ' real defamation ?
3 name the food company that traveled to soviet georgia to film a ordering of ads .
0 what is compaq 's mission instruction ?
0 how do you make panoramic sweetening eggs for easter - the ones with the scene inside ?
4 what city has the world 's longest subway organization ?
1 what nonfiction of clothing are tokens in monopoly ?
5 How many astronauts manned each Project Mercury flight ?
0 What does the dot on the letter i mean ?
5 What 's the score of a forfeited baseball game ?
0 why do movie and tv stars get paid so much ?
0 How was the Kennedy money made ?
1 what was the name of that popular musical composition the creeps sang ?
5 what is the people of mexico ?
0 why do usa duplicator machines not work in uk , nnp ?
4 what 's the worldly concern 's largest cathedral ?
4 what country is the biggest producer of metallic element ?
4 in what state was there an 11 million United States liquid unit oil spill ?
4 what is the oldest web site on the internet ?
3 who did bobby fischer beat to win the world brome championship ?
1 What 1966 boob tube bomb took astronauts back to prehistoric times ?
0 What must a Las Vegas blackjack dealer do when he reaches 16 ?
1 what card game derived its language unit from biritch , or russian whist ?
4 what is the most populated municipality in the world ?
0 What motto ended Merrie Melodies cartoons ?
3 who is behind the name of the harvey wallbanger drink ?
1 What are the most albums sold by one artist or band ?
0 how do swarm form ?
3 what was michelangelo 's last language unit ?
0 what are christopher marlowe 's and shakespeare 's literary contribution to english literature ?
1 what was the name of hitler 's unsuccessful attempt to overthrow the bavarian politics in munich in 1923 ?
1 What was the Bridge of San Luis Rey made of ?
3 what u.s. congressman said : `` keep the belief , baby '' .
4 where can i find a lesson plan for teaching the metric organization conversion to american standard ?
5 How many types of lemurs are there ?
1 What was John Steinbeck 's travelling companion Charley ?
4 what are the world 's four ocean ?
1 what animal causes the biggest threat to group ?
0 how do you determine if a computer monitor has an svga musician ?
1 what was the name of the protestant conflict against the supremacy of the pope ?
0 how can people from ireland come to the u.s. , employment , and then return to ireland ?
4 name the political unit of giants twelve times the size of man in `` gulliver 's travels . ''
0 How do you do a bibliography page ?
3 what was the real name of writer ross macdonald , godhead of the hero lew archer ?
0 why do girls have to wear training brassiere ?
5 what is the gestation fundamental quantity for human pregnancies ?
0 in my antonia , how is mr. shimerda out of seat on the farm ?
3 what 19th-time period writer had a country estate on the hudson dubbed sunnyside ?
3 what are the only players eligible to score decimal point in roller derby called ?
3 name the fast food chain with the golden curve .
3 who moderated the first kennedy-nixon tv debate ?
0 what is the explanation of a witch ?
1 What is the best selling computer model ever ?
1 What do you call a group of geese ?
1 what playing accessory was patented by george grant on december 12
3 who was the first american world chess champion ?
1 what russian novel embracing more the 5 fictional character is set in the napoleonic wars ?
3 who 's the only u.s. president to have won a pulitzer prize ?
3 what department store heir is responsible for raising a three-long ton safe from the underwater wreckage of the andrea doria ?
5 how many e-commerce ship's company are started every day ?
1 name a gaelic communication .
5 when did communist command end in hungary ?
3 Who were leaders of the Byzantine empire ?
1 what is the name of the american litearned run averagery earned run average that includes 1896 ?
1 what animal dined on bread and oysters with a woodworker ?
0 why is microsoft 's windows 3 such a successful calculator program ?
0 how is silk cover done ?
4 what is the largest county in magnitude in massachusetts ?
1 what deck of game includes the wheel of fortune , the lovers , and death ?
0 How is cologne made ?
5 How many people did the United Nations commit to help restore order and distribute humanitarian relief in Somalia in September 1992 ?
5 a normal human pregnancy lasts how many time period ?
5 what time of class is air travel the heaviest ?
5 How many questions are on this thing ?
5 what time of time period is air travel the heaviest ?
4 what is mark mcgwireinsteinium 's einsteinium-mail addreinsteiniumss ?
3 what appointments repository to richard nixon went to jail ?
1 what is the name of the largest body of water conservancy project in china ?
0 what is the beginning of the ethnic category `` caucasian '' ?
5 in what time period did the us marine corps adopt the motto `` semper fidelis '' ?
1 what was the name of the famous military action between texas and mexico ?
1 What soft drink is most heavily caffeinated ?
4 where can i get a map of prussia on the internet ?
3 what inescapable purveyor of background auditory communication celebrated its 5th anniversary in july , 1984 ?
1 what taxonomic group was winnie the pooh ?
1 What film or films has Jude Law appeared in ?
1 in what film did steven spielberg 's canine star as the main character 's canine ?
1 what shakespeare play opens with the line : `` now is the season of our discontent.. . '' ?
5 how far can a man travel in outer quad ?
3 who killed more group , hitler or stalin ?
0 what are people doing to help prevent the inaction of birds ?
5 how many people visit the pope each calendar month ?
1 what international mutant was originally called hurley ?
5 what was the u.s. highway death fee in 1969 ?
3 Who is the Incredible Hulk in reality ?
5 when does the bible say the time period started ?
4 what are the four largest mountain compass in the continental united states ?
5 what should the fundamental quantity be set at while baking peachy oat muffins ?
0 why are the ears your plaza of balance ?
4 what is the habitat of the titmouse ?
4 what 's the tallest construction in new york city ?
1 what is after end ?
1 what film marked robert redford 's directorial introduction ?
4 where can i buy a horse on the big island for my daughter ?
4 What country was Brian Boru an 11th-century king of ?
1 What were the first frozen foods ?
3 which ship's company that manufactures video-game hardware sells the `` super system '' ?
0 what are you hsense organing when you put a seashell to your sense organ ?
5 how many time period does it take the moon to revolve around the earth ?
3 what fictional character in the beverly hillbillies has the given names daisy moses ?
4 what kenyan city is the safari area for east africa ?
5 When did the neanderthal man live ?
3 Who is the monarch of the United Kingdom ?
5 what is the exchange pace between england and the u.s. ?
5 on what date did rosa parks become a symbol of the civil abstraction movement for refusing to give up her seat on the bus ?
4 What city is found in the city of OZ ?
4 what is the oldest website on the internet ?
1 what did woody allen call the japanese gangster film he dubbed into english as a drollery ?
3 what famous performer recently tried without success to revive the play ?
3 name of heroine in `` scruples '' ?
3 who portrayed the title character in the product the day of the jackal ?
0 Why can 't you taste anything when you have a cold ?
3 what female painter produced person of rural new england life ?
4 What is California 's capital ?
4 what municipality is terrorized by dracula in the night stalker ?
5 how much caffeine is in a 16 oz container of coffee ?
0 what are the seven good ?
0 why were group recruited for the vietnam war ?
1 what social control space lies between baltic avenue and reading railroad on a monopoly board ?
4 what lake is the informant of the white nile ?
5 How many votes in Congress dissented from the 1941 declaration of war with Japan ?
4 what political unit 's national passenger rail system is called via ?
5 what century did artwork 's romantic period begin in ?
0 what have you not let a court game ball do if you volley ?
1 name a movie that the actress , sandra bullock , had a duty in .
0 why didn 't european colonial concept spread until after the first and second industrial revolutions ?
1 What war did the Wanna-Go-Home Riots occur after ?
5 A normal human pregnancy lasts how many months ?
5 what is the pennsylvania state income levy rate ?
0 what does the theory of quantum leaps mean in simpler status ?
3 who was the mother of the adult who would not be king , the duke of windsor ?
3 what 's the language unit of the star of the cooking show , `` galloping gourmet '' ?
5 what is the starting wage for beginning lawyers ?
4 what nation contains the highest point in south america ?
3 who 's the twin brother of the greek deity artemis ?
4 mississippi has what name for a state of matter nickname ?
5 How many of every 10 members of the Rodeo Cowboys Association have never worked a ranch ?
1 what is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of motion in the body ?
3 what 's the most common nickname of u.s. college contact sport teams ?
1 what color attic did the ancient romans refuse to eat ?
0 What clause in the U.S. Constitution may not be changed , altered or amended ?
1 what 's the most common non-contagious disease in the worldly concern ?
4 What 's the tallest building in New York City ?
5 how much would a black-and-white 1-cent solid be worth , thomas jefferson on it ?
3 who says , `` if you don 't look good , we don 't look good '' ?
1 what did warlock wear on his forehead in marvel cartoon ?
5 What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. ?
0 what is e-department of commerce ?
3 Who made Stonehenge ?
5 How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?
4 what european country is residence to the beer-producing city of budweis ?
4 what are the four largest batch ranges on the asian continent ?
1 what developed a crack in 1835 while tolling the change of u.s. chief justice john marshall ?
3 what female artist produced primitives of rural new england life ?
4 what country in 1998 had the most suicides regardless of people size ?
5 how many island does fiji have ?
3 who was the famous movable barrier-to-movable barrier brush salesman ?
1 what is the term for the region of the mountain that faces the prevailing winds ?
3 what tv character said ; `` one of these days , alice , prisoner of war , right in the kisser '' ?
1 what visual property were ernest hemingway 's eyes ?
1 what are the three animals in sheila burnford 's the incredible journey ?
4 what movable barrier opened on east and west berlin ?
1 what attacker exist on antarctica ?
0 How can SQL queries be improved ?
1 what children 's tale contains the line : `` come , cinderslut , and hold this hank of wool for me '' ?
3 who was the baron who was forced to agree to the magna carta ?
0 what does an emperor butterfly do ?
5 how long does hard drug stay in your system ?
4 what is the largest city in the worldly concern ?
0 how does a bow form ?
4 What city 's the kickoff point for climbs of Mount Everest ?
5 how long does it take the typical american to eat 23 quart of ice cream ?
0 how do i start a network based business ?
3 who taught matt murdock to use his extraordinary abilities in marvel comics ?
3 Who was the lawyer who represented Randy Steven Craft ?
3 who was the first politician of west virginia ?
4 what two country is andorra nestled between ?
5 how many muscle does an oyster have ?
4 The Orange Bowl is located in what city ?
0 what 's the last course of dickens 's a christmas carol ?
4 where is the official `` zero '' of the body of water level ?
0 how do you ask a total stranger out on a day ?
0 how does light travel through the void of attribute if there is no medium for it to ` wave ' or ` pulse ' .
1 what four elements make up 90 percentage of the human body ?
0 what is the beginning of blue for boys and pink for girls ?
4 where can i get piano auditory communication for the jamiroquai song everyday for the midi ?
3 who were the `` filthiest people alive ? ''
1 what is the quickest and easiest way to get nail polish out of clothing ?
4 what country was first to use the airplane as a instrument of war , against the turks in libya ?
0 why is deoxythymidine monophosphatehe universe fladeoxythymidine monophosphate , if ideoxythymidine monophosphate sdeoxythymidine monophosphateardeoxythymidine monophosphateed by an explosion , shouldn 'deoxythymidine monophosphate ideoxythymidine monophosphate be a sphere ?
1 what was the name of the american ship sunk by a mine in havana harbor , causing the spanish-american military action ?
0 in waugh 's `` a handful of dust , '' what does the mad old man force the hero to do every good afternoon ?
3 what is the full name of the adult who invented the multicolored game cube that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations ?
0 What effect does friction have on perpetual motion ?
1 what is a fear of solid ?
1 what alloy do copper and can form ?
1 What late-night TV show features Larry , Bud , Melman and Toast on a Stick ?
3 who is the part of miss piggy ?
4 what is the code of the famous mexican star `` thalia '' ?
1 what are the top 5 fiction books of all case ?
0 how can i look up someone 's e-mail address on the internet ?
3 What Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist ran for mayor of New York City ?
0 why are there braille thing on the atm machines that people drive through ?
4 what continent pushes up the executive committee mountain extent ?
0 What is an urban legend ?
0 what is wiccan hazel ?
5 How many elevators do you ride to reach the top floor of the Empire State Building ?
0 Why are so many umbrellas black ?
1 what is the name of the jewish rudiment ?
4 what country comes last in an alphabetical tilt ?
5 what 's a perfect evaluation in a gymnastics exercise ?
5 what share of children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` the simpsons ' ?
4 Where does the song Anything Goes take place ?
1 what is the name of the ` female ' counterpart to el nino , which results in cooling fundamental quantity and very dry weather ?
3 who was the writer and who was the composer between gilbert and sullivan ?
0 How is Easter Sunday 's date determined ?
4 what famed wall supports the badaling gun enclosure ?
0 What is measured in curies ?
1 What kind of meat is Fray Bentos synonymous with ?
0 What do Caroll Baker , Tammy Grimes , Debbie Reynolds , and Judy Garland all have in common ?
1 what is the name of david letterman 's canine ?
4 what kentucky municipality calls itself the horse center of america ?
5 What was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
5 how many bones are there in the human extremity ?
1 what stephen sondheim ballad ends : `` well , maybe next time period.. . '' ?
5 how many feet long is a ball game pitcher 's rubber ?
3 What character did Tex Avery first create upon arriving at MGM ?
3 who is reputed to be the greatest maker of violin ?
3 the major association baseball team in pittsburgh is called what ?
4 where can one find information on religion and health , the brain and organic process ?
5 how many soldier were involved in the last panama invasion by the united states of america ?
4 What country has the largest sheep population ?
3 who said `` give me liberty or give me end '' ?
5 how many home runs did babe ruth hit in his life ?
5 what class did montana become a state ?
1 what is a emotion of everything ?
3 Who was chief engineer of the Starship Enterprise ?
3 who was the first woman in space ?
4 what are some collection websites ?
5 How many double-word-score spaces are there on a Scrabble Crossword Game board ?
0 what do the act 1 , 2 , and 4 mean on dr. pepper bottles ?
5 when did rococo graphic art and architecture flourish ?
5 what year is etched on the gold medal of excellence from the paris exposition depicted on a can of campbell 's solanaceous vegetable soup ?
5 How many games are played in a five-team round-robin tournament ?
4 name the nation of giants twelve times the size of man in `` gulliver 's travels . ''
1 what are birds relative of ?
0 how do i antioxidant-mail somantioxidantonantioxidant at aol.com from yahoo.com ?
5 how many yards are in 1 linear unit ?
4 what town was the environment for the music man ?
1 What does saliva consist of ?
1 What color were their horses ?
0 what is the point of the word ` posh ' ?
0 What are the most common causes of death in the U.S. ?
3 Who played Maria in the film West Side Story ?
3 what level of government or governmental representation is responsible for dealing with racism ?
3 name the person world health organization burst through the screen in the lite beer commercials .
1 what are dinosaur fecal matter called ?
1 what films featured the imaginary being popeye doyle ?
0 what is a `` node '' in computer status ?
3 who held the endurance record for women aviator in 1929 ?
1 what are the glutton habits ?
3 name the fast food chain with the golden arch .
5 how long should a causal agent wash their hands before they are clean ?
0 how can you get ferric oxide stains out of clothing ?
3 What Mormon leader was said to have had 27 wives ?
5 How long does it take the typical American to eat 23 quarts of ice cream ?
1 what 's the second-lightest chemical element ?
3 what writer-journalist made his mark describing colorful broadway and class characters ?
1 what irwin allen bomb has richard widmark saying he 'll be `` the first officer in past to get his butt kicked by a mess of bugs ! '' ?
5 how many four star generals were there and United Nations agency are they ?
0 what are the speech to `` my way '' written by paul anka ?
5 what seven digits follow the area written communication in the number for long distance information ?
1 what is the folklore story regarding birds ' natural object and birds in christmas trees ?
0 what are some chemical possession of mendelevium ?
0 how do you write a correct critical investigation of a poem ?
1 which side should a bowler facing a 37803 split hit the 3-pin on-the left or the abstraction ?
3 what radio , tv and movie character did jackie gleason and william bendix play ?
3 who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military joint chiefs of staff ?
5 How many men died building the Mackinaw Bridge ?
0 why do some consumer goods labels say `` use a nonchlorine bleach '' ?
0 what are the rules to `` coke golf '' ?
3 who holds the nfl record for most touchdowns in a time period ?
4 what mountain compass is traversed by the highest railroad in the world ?
3 who is the superstar in rent-a-cars ?
4 what u.s. municipality was named for st. francis of assisi ?
3 who is the head of the world bank ?
3 who was the captain of the tanker , exxon valdez , involved in the oil spillway in prince william sound , alaska , 1989 ?
3 who is the sexiest adult in the world ?
0 What is a tonne ?
1 what product is for kids , and not for silly lapin ?
3 what constitution has a security council ?
1 name the two mystical ravens odin has at his instruction .
3 what famous actress made her first appearance on stlong time at the long time of five in the year 191 as `` baby '' ?
3 what column of the dutch renaissance painted aristotle contemplating the bust of homer ?
4 what is the most useful site on the internet ?
1 what are the most common breeding vertebrate in the u.s. ?
0 how do movie blue screens work ?
1 what field diversion did dentist william beers promote and write a standard book of rules for ?
0 what is the birdcall stairway to heaven by led zeppelin about ?
3 who was the communicator of the novel `` far from the madding crowd '' ?
3 what was the name of humphrey bogart 's golf club in casablanca ?
3 who is the superstar in rent-a-motor vehicle ?
4 what is the web savoir-faire of the list of e-mail savoir-fairees of members of the house of representatives ?
3 What explorer was nicknamed Iberia 's Pilot ?
1 What was Hitler 's favorite movie ?
1 what is the name of the vaccine for wimp pox ?
1 what are the rites accompanying the feast day of a newly born-child in judaism called ?
0 what 's the message of the name tatiana ?
3 who was credited with saying : `` i never met a man i did n't like '' ?
0 What does the name Billie mean ?
5 how many lakes are there on the earth ?
4 what asian country has a legal document of rights for cows ?
4 where can one find information on religion and health , the neural structure and nutrition ?
5 How big is Australia ?
5 how much would it cost to purchase a 2-foot-square party tent , with region , ?
5 how much stronger is the new vitreous carbon fabric invented by the tokyo institute of technology compared with the fabric made from cellulose ?
1 What 's the name of Jacques Cousteau 's research ship ?
4 What is Mark McGwire 's e-mail address ?
1 which comic part was never turned into a broadway musical ?
3 Who provides telephone service in Orange County , California ?
0 what is the explanation of equivalence states ?
1 what does a measuring instrument measure ?
1 what was the distinguishing mark on the `` little rascals '' canine ?
3 who 's the laminitis and editor of the national review ?
3 who was the first american in space ?
4 tell me what municipality the kentucky horse park is near ?
1 what is the most popular sports motor vehicle color ?
0 What are Cushman and Wakefield known for ?
1 what measures did clinton take to avoid the negotiable instrument ?
3 What title does comedian Henry Youngman claim ?
4 What are the capital cities of the two large countries that occupy the Iberian peninsula in Europe ?
3 who holds the career record for the most major league home runs ?
1 What song did Patti Page set people dancing to in 1950 ?
3 who created harry lime ?
1 which produces the longer sperm - an elephant or a rodent ?
3 what ship's company sells the most greeting cards ?
5 how much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of beverage ?
1 what soft beverage is most heavily caffeinated ?
5 how many calories are there in a glass of body of water ?
1 in kafka 's metamorphosis , the hero awakes one morning to find himself turned into what ?
4 What countries have the best math students ?
5 how much was the minimum regular payment in 1991 ?
5 how many years do fossil take to form ?
1 in what book can i find the floor of aladdin ?
1 what is the largest snake in the natural object ?
1 what diversion do you shag flies in ?
0 what will the atmospheric phenomenon be today ?
4 what country 's northernmost municipality is darwin ?
0 What ever happened to the once popular Yale Lock Company ?
0 what is the executor in a faculty ?
0 Why did Europeans first come to Australia and Oceania ?
3 what comedian was banned from the ed sullivan appearance for allegedly making an obscene gesture at the appearance 's host ?
5 how many disks does each player have in a four-handed plot of crokinole ?
5 What percentage of American men are alcoholic ?
1 what peter blatty novel recounts the horror of regan macneil 's possession by the devil ?
1 What is the Jewish bible called ?
4 what landmass 's name appears on the upper left corner of a budweiser label ?
3 what are the defamation of jack 's original roommates on three 's company ?
1 what then-derogatory condition was applied to the painters monet , sisley , pissarro , renoir and degas ?
3 what is the first personal machine company ?
0 what do the red-and-white stripes on a barbershop rod stand for ?
1 what comic strip sometimes features a deliveryman named beasley ?
3 Who won World War II ?
1 what 's the natural object 's most common compound ?
3 name one of king henry viii 's wives .
4 where was the first menagerie in the u.s. ?
5 how much did a mcdonald 's hamburger outgo in 1963 ?
3 what are the major ship's company that are part of dow jones ?
1 what were the names of the three ship used by columbus ?
1 what field sport did dentist william beers promote and write a standard book of dominion for ?
4 what nation has the highest arson rate ?
3 what two historical figures , who fought each other in a famous struggle , each have a food named after them ?
3 what is an example of a famous rock social group from the sixties ?
3 Which of the following famous people does not paint as a hobby ?
3 what tv family sometimes buys eclairs from nelson 's bakery ?
5 how much precipitation equals an inch of rain ?
3 what knighted actor narrates tv 's the world at war ?
5 how many characters makes up a discussion for typing test purposes ?
5 how many shillings more than 2 were there in a wop ?
1 what coloring material are school buses ?
5 what is the cost of the drug used in tuberculosis treatments ?
3 what is the best art and blueprint school in the world ?
5 how many written record were there on the original ge college bowl clock ?
1 what agent did sigmund freud become fascinated with while experimenting with the treatment of neurasthenia ?
4 which nation is known as `` big bear '' ?
4 What U.S. state is Dixville Notch in ?
1 What card game derived its name from biritch , or Russian Whist ?
3 what motor hotel does bob woodward describe in the brethren ?
3 who was the first actress to appear on a postage solid ?
3 what ill-fated american general officer dragged a bull terrier named willie through world war ii ?
1 what product on the market is good for hiding facial symptom ?
2 What is a `` USB '' port on a computer ?
0 what is the origin of the discussion assassinate ?
1 what is the electronic instrumentality used to produce visual displays corresponding to electric signals ?
1 what 's known as the fagot of drinks ?
0 What are Cobol , Fortran , and Pascal ?
0 for what reason did some san diego school stop serving apples ?
5 what class did nylon stockings first go on sale ?
3 what apollo 11 astronaut minded the mercantile establishment while armstrong and aldrin made history ?
4 where do i find information for proceeding properties on the internet ?
1 what literary classic plaza on the search for a treasure in gold worth 7 , 0 pounds ?
1 what 's the main vegetable in soup ?
1 what are the conjugations of consequence and woke ?
3 who is the owner of cnn ?
1 what mutant do the cleaveland cavaliers play ?
4 in 139 the papal motor hotel was forced to move from rome to where ?
5 what brand number graces the black description of a bottle of jack daniel 's ?
3 what is the name of the corporate executive of garmat u.s.a ?
1 what cards are projectile ?
3 who was the communicator of the famous fairy tale `` snow white and seven dwarfs '' ?
1 what 's the geographic term for the submerged fringe of a landmass ?
0 what is the origin of u.s. army police sergeant 's stripes ?
1 Name the French historical period during the reign of Napoleon III .
1 in what culture medium is stuart hamblen considered to be the first singing cowboy ?
3 who was considered to be the parent of psychology ?
0 what according to the kinsey institute , is the sexual predilection of four percent of american males ?
3 What does Robin Williams do ?
3 who is always trying to get the rent from andy capp ?
1 what commodity `` doubles your pleasure , doubles your fun '' ?
0 why was henry ford 's first car calleda model t & his second type of car , introduced in 1928 , called a model a ?
5 how many municipality are there in utah ?
3 which oil company almost picked a word that meant `` stalled cable car '' in japanese as its new international name ?
3 what reformer wrote sexual politics and flying ?
5 how many motor does a boeing 737 have ?
1 what product tour of the roman empire features the admonition : `` row well and live '' ?
1 what do i call the sons and daughter of my first cousins ?
2 what is the correct way to abbreviate cc. at the bottom of a business document ?
1 What was paper made of in the late 16th century ?
3 which college did dikembe mutombo play court game for ?
3 which ventura county force department seized the largest cocaine shipment in it 's history ?
0 what are bear and taurus markets ?
0 How do fuel injectors work ?
1 what kind of activity would you need to become an athletic trainer for the nfl ?
3 who was shot in the back during a poker activity in deadwood , the dakota territory ?
0 Why were people recruited for the Vietnam War ?
4 what city has the worldly concern 's longest subway system ?
1 what keeps clouds in the air travel ?
1 what animal acted as lapwarmers for american colonists in church ?
3 who was the lyricist and who was the composer between gilbert and sullivan ?
5 what is the average physical property for a man ?
3 what tv sitcom character had the maiden language unit ethel potter ?
1 what after-dinner treat was invented in 1916 at the george jung attic factory in los angeles ?
4 what administrative districts do not have administrative district income tax ?
5 when did the creation of quilting begin ?
5 how many miles of blood vessel are in the circulatory system ?
3 what are the top ten most common girl name in the us ?
4 what are the 10 largest municipality in the us ?
1 what jules verne novel features scientist held captive in the submarine nautilus ?
3 Who was the founding member of the Pink Floyd band ?
3 who was the first jockey to ride two triple crown winners ?
1 what war saw a naval battle between the lavishness liners cap trafalgar and the carmania ?
3 what british prime minister and u.s. president were seventh relative once-removed ?
1 what are other ways of getting stretch marks besides pregnancy , weight passing , and weight lifting ?
5 what is the all-fourth dimension stock high of apple computer , and where can i find this information ?
3 Who is the creator of `` The Muppets '' ?
3 What professional cricketer 's son wrote The War of the Worlds in 1898 ?
3 What kind of people took part in Shays ' Rebellion in Massachusetts in 1787 ?
3 who is the french literary charcter who is chiefly famous for his enormous nose ?
5 what 's the fahrenheit equivalent of zero academic degree centigrade ?
3 what celebrity couple , when going through a divorce , divided their gutter paper into two equal piles ?
5 how many horny structure has a lobster called a pistol lost ?
4 where in a tree does chemical process occur ?
3 What was Darth Vader 's son named ?
4 where are there native ?
1 What color are tennis balls ?
3 what diamond producer controls about 80% of the natural object 's diamonds ?
3 what actor learned to play the single-reed instrument and speak russian for a role in a movie ?
0 how does the chain of command work inside an us military service apache helicopter ?
5 what is the per-caput income of colombia , south america , ?
5 How much waste does an average dairy cow produce in a day ?
5 how many type of dogs ' tails are there - three
3 who founded the first aerodynamics laboratory in 1912 ?
1 what brew advertised that it had `` three rings '' ?
1 which cartridge holder is `` fine entertainment for men '' ?
1 what 1942 espionage movie reunited film director john huston with maltese falconers humphrey bogart , mary astor , and sidney greenstreet ?
0 how is the new ford econoline van f25 v1 locomotive ?
4 Which country is the largest country in Latin America ?
5 how much is a canadian 1967 twenty dollar precious metal coin worth ?
3 what u.s. evil-president said : `` some newspapers dispose of their garbage by printing it '' ?
4 what is the administrative district nickname of mississippi ?
4 what municipality is found in the municipality of oz ?
1 what 12-hour cold music uses the formula `` 6 , 6 , 12 '' in its ads ?
0 what is a bone marrow graft ?
5 how many times a day should you take a prescription drug marked `` q.i.d . '' ?
4 what three european country begin with the letter a ?
1 what kind of education do i need to become a formation attendant ?
1 what is the greatest source of `` white '' magic in the marvel universe ?
0 How can a foreigner get a U.S. Social Security card ?
1 what was the killer whale 's name that died of a fungal infection at sea world ?
1 What blew up at Lakehurst , New Jersey , on May 6 , 1977 ?
3 what president 's ghostwriter is said to haunt the white house ?
3 Who was the Russian ambassador to Hungary during the 1956 uprising ?
5 What number of American soldiers remain unaccounted from the Vietnam war ?
5 How many meters are in a mile ?
3 what major airline has the best safety phonograph record in the world ?
0 Why is the word `` abbreviation '' so long ?
5 how many tiles did the space shuttle columbia lose on its second trajectory ?
3 what presidential press secretary dismissed watergate as a third-rate burglary activity ?
3 who first broke the sound barrier ?
1 which came first , according to genesis 1 : 2 : 22 - the poultry or the egg ?
5 how many millimeters are in a linear unit ?
1 what famous event have happened on march 27 ?
3 what 4-foot-9 actress in 1984 became the first performer to win an oscar for playing a fictional character of the opposite sex ?
3 who killed more multitude , hitler or stalin ?
4 name a civil war tract .
1 what historical consequence happened in dogtown in 1899 ?
3 who was chairman of the senate select committee that tried to get to the bottom of watergate ?
4 what constellation represents a hunter with golf club and shield ?
1 what condition means a sexual attraction between a male and a female ?
3 what 's the most common name in america ?
3 Who said : `` Old soldiers never die ; they just fade away '' ?
3 who gave us the `` rolling writer '' ?
0 What is the origin of the proverb `` A stitch in time saves nine '' ?
0 What is the difference between a bottle and a jar ?
4 what is the u.s. placement of procter & gamble corporate offices ?
3 what enterprise exports the sparkling wine spumante ?
3 who 's baby was sweet pea on the popeye cartoon ?
1 what coloring material was the hundred billionth crayon made by crayola ?
1 what is the most advanced handheld calculator in the natural object ?
4 what political unit did the mau mau uprising take place in ?
4 what stream is windsor castle on ?
4 where does the weird spatial property of the dinner fish knife originate from ?
3 who won oscars for her role in gone with the wind and a streetcar named desire ?
3 who moderated the first kennedy-nixon tv discussion ?
0 What is Compaq 's mission statement ?
5 what class did spielberg make `` jaws '' ?
0 What effect does a prism have on light ?
1 what jules verne novel features scientists held captive in the submersible nautilus ?
0 what 's the proud claim to fame of the young women United Nations agency formed kappa alpha theta ?
1 what first-resource product `` helps the hurt stop hurting '' ?
0 What is an isthmus ?
5 how many visitor go to the vatican each year ?
0 what is the point of the expression `` four-letter word '' ?
1 what 's the singular of die ?
5 How long do you have to pay back debt after claiming chapter 11 bankruptcy ?
1 what movie told of anna anderson 's claim to be a russian sovereign 's daughter ?
5 How long ago did the Anglican church part from the Vatican ?
4 What 's the sacred river of India ?
5 how many tanzanian shilling more than 2 were there in a guinea ?
5 how fast is a 45mhz business ?
0 What is white chocolate ?
0 what do the human body represent on the easter island ?
5 When was Richard Nixon born ?
0 in waugh 's `` a handful of dust , '' what does the mad old man force the hero to do every day ?
3 who was the author of the famous fagot tale `` snow white and seven dwarfs '' ?
3 what is the name of the company that manufactures the `` american girl '' plaything collection ?
1 what letter is to the right of k on a typewriter keyboard ?
3 who moderated the first kennedy-nixon tv argument ?
5 What percent of world 's fresh water is found in Canada ?
3 what group was formed in 1969 after police met action from patrons at the stonewall , a greenwich village gay bar ?
3 what musician sings `` oh boy '' ?
0 What is the origin of the word `` pallbearer ? ''
5 how many multitude died on d-day ?
1 What is the best way to remove wallpaper ?
0 why are haunted firm popular ?
4 on what avenue is the original saks department storehouse located ?
3 who said : `` what contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''
4 what continent 's second-highest point is mont blanc ?
3 what company tabulates the ballots in vote for the academy awards ?
4 what township was the setting for the music man ?
3 what english playwright penned : `` where the hymenopterous insect sucks , so shall i '' ?
3 what are the top 10 body in the united states in the field of engineering ?
0 what currents affect the sphere of the shetland islands and orkney islands in the north sea ?
3 who was the master of the tanker , exxon valdez , involved in the oil spill in prince william sound , alaska , 1989 ?
1 which sex has bigger thighs ?
1 what film had bette davis creating a scandal by wearing a daring red dress to a society ball ?
1 what do you call a music of your finger from one joint to another ?
1 what are the ages in comic script lingo ?
3 who invented silly cement ?
0 how does marl form and what material does it contain ?
5 what is the horsepower of the shuttle advocate ?
0 How does James Bond like his martinis ?
3 who made a boat out of gopher forest ?
3 who was the first jockey to ride two triple crown contestant ?
1 what 's the word for a bet before cards are dealt ?
3 who is the owner of cnn ?
1 what boris pasternak book sold 5 , 0 copies to become the literary composition best-seller of 1958 ?
0 what is different about the red and black canine ?
0 what are the living context in cuba ?
0 what is the plant organ of all evil ?
5 how many cubic feet of space does a gallon of binary compound occupy ?
1 What are other ways of getting stretch marks besides pregnancy , weight loss , and weight lifting ?
1 what is a concern of weakness ?
4 what country is the mount for edgar allan poe 's the pit and the pendulum ?
4 what is the oldest computer on the internet ?
0 why do some people have two different visual property eyes ?
5 what time unit was pearl harbor attacked in 1942 ?
3 who 's won the most oscars for costume creating by mental acts ?
3 what professional athlete 's son wrote the war of the worlds in 1898 ?
5 what sword number graces the black label of a bottle of jack daniel 's ?
3 who 's baby was sweet pea on the popeye cartoon ?
3 what louisiana senator won a buttocks that had been held by his father and mother ?
3 what are the top ten all-time money making nfl team ?
1 what did the forward-thinking simon brothers bakery of chicago insert into bagel to boost business ?
5 how many votes in congress dissented from the 1941 statement of war with japan ?
4 Where is Mozambique located ?
3 who led the opposition when konrad adenauer was chancellor in germany ?
1 what is the largest sculpture in the natural object ?
5 how many different types of rotter are there ?
3 Who is Imam Hussain Ben Ali whom Shia people believe in ?
5 how many feet high is the hurdle in front of a runner 's steeplechase binary compound jump ?
3 what english physician was born on january 18 , 1779 and went on to create two important creativity ?
3 What comedian was banned from the Ed Sullivan Show for allegedly making an obscene gesture at the show 's host ?
5 How many inches tall is Stuart Little at birth ?
0 what are the prerequisite for becoming a citizen of australia ?
4 What 's the capital of Monaco ?
4 What is the name of the country which Hitler ruled ?
0 what is the origin of the term `` buffalo wings '' that is used as a menu item in gymnastic apparatus across the nation for chicken wings in a spicey sauce ?
4 what colorful sea 's area does greek legend say the amazons lived near ?
0 what is the difference between dad music and rock and roll ?
3 Who graced the airwaves with such pearls as `` Do ya lo-o-ove me ? Get naked , baby ! '' ?
3 who made the first state of matter engine ?
1 in the miller lite tv commercial , United Nations agency is the creature ?
1 what is a word for behavior , appearance , or expression that violates the accepted standards of sexual morality ?
1 which language has the most speech ?
5 how many cards are dealt to each contestant in gin rummy ?
3 which of the following celebrities started his show-biz career as a sound recording jockey ?
3 who is nicolo paganini ?
0 why is it called `` sandwich '' if there is no ham in it ?
0 What makes a clitoris sensitive ?
3 what is her spouse 's name ?
0 what is the origin of thank you eminence ?
1 what is the emotion of the computer called ?
5 How many people died in the Vietnam war ?
1 Which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?
5 how long do you have to pay back debt after claiming section 11 bankruptcy ?
3 what is michael jackson 's parent 's name ?
3 who is the man behind the pig bed-the man who pulls the strings and speaks for miss pig bedgy ?
1 name the 5 words that use all of the letters in the rudiment , except q , with no repeats .
5 What year was the Avery Dennison company founded ?
5 what brand amount graces the black label of a bottle of jack daniel 's ?
1 What was the first Gilbert and Sullivan opera ?
0 what are the major quality in the catholic and methodist religions ?
3 who wrote ` dubliners ' ?
4 what administrative district did anita bryant represent in the 1959 miss america contest ?
1 what card suit originally represented the rustic class ?
3 Who wrote the sci-fi trilogy Foundation , Foundation and Empire , and Second Foundation ?
0 why can 't women serve in the navy on circuit board submarines ?
3 who declared : `` i am down on woman and i shan 't stop ripping them '' ?
0 what are the distinct physical characterstics of the arabian knight ?
1 what does a polyorchid valet have at least three of ?
3 who was the star of the 1965 broadway hit golden boy ?
0 What is a gandy dancer ?
5 what are the unemployment applied mathematics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
0 what do the name andrew and christina mean ?
4 what was einstein 's topographic point ?
0 How do I know someone is truly in love with me ?
3 what chocolate company gives you a one-avoirdupois unit kiss ?
1 What beer is ` rockin ' America ? ''
4 what are the names of all the ocean in the world and what ocean do they drain into ?
3 what apollo 11 astronaut minded the store while armstrong and aldrin made past ?
0 why are foodstuff supposed to be stored small end down ?
3 who replaced bert parks as the master of ceremonies of the miss america pageant ?
4 what country boasts the most cars per mile of way ?
4 where are some great educational resources for genitor and teachers ?
3 Who won the Battle of Gettysburg ?
1 what medium of exchange is used in australia ?
3 Who has more DNA - a man or a woman ?
4 What country is Kosovo a part of ?
4 where are the 49 stairway ?
5 what year did the first content of `` playboy '' come out ?
4 what two political unit share the khyber pass ?
4 what municipality would you be in if you were feeding the pigeons in the piazza san marco ?
4 what u.s. state has the second-longest outline ?
3 what president dispatched a cruiser to carry charles lindbergh home after his epic formation ?
3 what kind of women gave sigmund freud erotic imagination ?
0 What is Black Hills , South Dakota most famous for ?
3 name of the lady the great gatsby pine for ?
3 what 1920s cowboy celestial body rode tony the wonder horse ?
5 hitler came to power in germany in what time period ?
4 where did gulliver find a race of tiny multitude ?
0 how does ultraviolet luminosity damage the dna of skin cells ?
0 What is Boston Kreme ?
1 What does Playboy title its `` continuing dialog on contemporary issues between Playboy and its readers '' ?
3 what is the best college in the political unit ?
3 what was called the natural object 's largest department store ?
0 what happens when lightning strikes a body of body of water ?
3 who is the famous female sibling of actress olivia de havilland ?
1 what crystal creams contain seaweed ?
1 What colors make up a rainbow ?
5 how many stations do you shoot from in the basketball game `` around the world '' ?
3 who is rocky 's and bullwinkle 's ever-lost acquaintance ?
3 What famous model was married to Billy Joel ?
3 who shared a new york city apartment with roger maris the year he hit 61 home score ?
3 what was the name of the titanic 's master ?
3 what were babe ruth 's christian name ?
1 what was the name of the u.s. 's first manned attribute program ?
1 what is a fear of night or iniquity ?
4 what is the largest buying mall in the world ?
0 How successful is arometherapy ?
0 what are assets securities ?
3 who was the captain of the tanker , exxon valdez , involved in the vegetable oil spill in prince william sound , alaska , 1989 ?
5 How much energy is released when oxygen and hydrogen mix ?
5 how many woody plant go into paper making in a year ?
4 What is the largest shopping mall in the world ?
5 what percentage of american work force are alcoholic ?
0 what are the most common lawsuit of death in the u.s. ?
3 what was the name given the 6 , 500 german airforce troops that used the spanish civil war as a activity exercise ?
1 what was the name of the 1899 plan of action forced on china by which all nations had equal trading rights ?
3 What fruit-topped actress was known as The Brazilian Bombshell ?
1 what do you call a abstraction of geese ?
5 what time of class has the most air travel ?
0 Why do movie and TV stars get paid so much ?
1 what product `` doubles your pleasure , doubles your playfulness '' ?
3 what writer-writer made his mark describing colorful broadway and underworld characters ?
3 what comic of tv 's golden long time went by the motto `` anything for a laugh '' ?
1 what movie did lee marvin win the 1965 best actor oscar for ?
1 what kind of reproductive structure is a yellow transparent ?
1 what was a california prayer publication to an old west gambler ?
3 what onetime member of ronald reagan 's cabinet called federal policy toward indians `` an example of the nonaccomplishment of socialism '' ?
3 Who was made the first honorary citizen of the U.S. ?
5 what 's the fahrenheit equivalent of zero property centigrade ?
3 who was the 15th century ardor-and-brimstone monk who gained control of florence but ended burnt at the stake ?
4 what country did king gustav v time period over from 197 to 195 ?
1 what is `` the great american unit cereal '' ?
1 what 's the best way to lose the adipose tissue under your chin and around your face ?
0 how is abigail arcane related to the villainous opponent of the swamp thing ?
3 in what high-risk business venture did jimmy the greek gamble and lose ?
3 what name did contact sport 's new york titans adopt in 1963 ?
3 what tv comedian worked with white fang , black tooth and pookie the lion ?
0 why do people get goosebumps when they have something emotional happen to them , like when they hear a beautiful part of music , or see something beautiful , or get aroused by someone they love ?
5 in what year was the first patent for the pull-bill opener on cans obtained ?
0 what is in child powder and child lotion that makes it smell the way it does ?
1 what triple crown-winning equine took the 1973 belmont stakes by 31 lengths ?
5 how long does the average domesticated musteline mammal live ?
5 What was the Great Britain population from 1699-172 ?
0 what causes an geological phenomenon ?
0 what was the infamous accomplishment of germany 's u-2 submarine ?
5 how many round shape does each player have in a four-handed game of crokinole ?
5 how many relative quantity are there in a trillion ?
0 What is Bombay duck ?
0 what do you say to a person who ignores you for other persons ?
5 how many colors are there in a bow ?
0 what is the quality between college and graduate school ?
3 who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
1 What 's a `` Drinker respirator '' better known as ?
3 what two baseball players make up the artillery ?
3 what was her real language unit ?
4 what state in the u.s. has the most total darkness ?
1 what is the west virginia administrative district animal ?
3 What record company produced the 1978 movie The Wiz ?
3 who was the oldest u.s. president of the united states ?
1 what part of your body contains the capital callosum ?
3 what little boy and canine live in a shoe ?
0 how do they find or choose witnesses to an murder ?
1 name the soft drink that is `` number one in the sunday . ''
4 where is the structure over the river kwai ?
1 what common building complex has a button , cap , cup , gills , and ring ?
0 What happens when a body part falls asleep ?
3 what engineer invented the wrench-tab can ?
3 what police influence did mack sennett create ?
3 what army was founded by william booth and his spouse catherine ?
4 what country saw the beginning of the asian flu ?
4 what is new england 's highest batch ?
1 What 's an infant seal called ?
3 which company that manufactures video recording-game hardware sells the `` super system '' ?
4 what new york city position has 168 steps to its crown ?
4 where can i find a list of all the ship's company in america that offer a direct stock purchase plan ?
1 what product 's ads claim that it `` eliminates smell , kills household germs , mold , and mildew '' ?
0 what is bombay anseriform bird ?
5 when were aquatic vertebrate first believed to be found on earth ?
3 who is shirley maclaine ?
4 what desert has the highest sand dune ?
3 what former african leader held his country 's contact sport title for nine years ?
0 what is the origin of the word `` plug '' ?
0 What is difference between a poster and a print ?
1 what 's an easy way to count the approximate number of fish in a body of water ?
3 what diamond producer controls about 80% of the world 's diamond ?
4 which city in china has the largest act of foreign financial companies ?
3 what catch-22 character is elected mayor of half a twelve italian cities ?
3 what is the language unit of the indian who became prime minister by beating mrs. gandhi in the 1977 election ?
5 how many class ago did the ship titanic sink ?
5 how many city are there in utah ?
4 what city building the u.s. headquarters of procter and gamble ?
4 what country buys 25 percent of the worldly concern 's tea exports ?
1 what is a emotion of color ?
0 what was the claim to fame of the contact sport game that saw fordham defeat waynesburg state 12601 on september 3 , 1939 ?
1 what are the top 5 fiction script of all time ?
1 Which came first , according to Genesis 1 : 2 : 22 - the chicken or the egg ?
5 how much alkaloid is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?
1 What are the names of all the U.S. Navy aircraft carriers ?
1 what became the biggest cash craw in the u.s. in 1983 , surpassing corn ?
3 what famous british actor lost his voice after an action in 1966 ?
4 what famed stream was hernando de soto the first european to see ?
3 Who invented batteries ?
1 what computer operating system is on the most machine ?
5 what is the people of mozambique ?
3 who followed up his first two underwater thrillers with the girl of the sea of cortez ?
1 what cereal goes `` snap , crackle , father '' ?
4 what celestial body has a length of 864 , 000 miles ?
1 what movie journey of the roman empire features the admonition : `` row well and live '' ?
3 which broadcasting stations air the jim bohannon broadcasting talk show ?
0 what are carnivore and bull markets ?
3 who 's the inflammation and editor of the national review ?
3 who is the inflammation of scientology ?
3 What company markets a shampoo `` for brunettes only '' ?
1 what is the most common kind of body covering cancer in the u.s. ?
0 what is the beginning of the word `` attic '' ?
1 What is the name of the Michelangelo painting that shows two hands with fingers touching ?
3 who is the famous sister of actress olivia de havilland ?
3 what was eduard shevardnadze 's occupation in the soviet union ?
0 what is the past of spartacus , the roman slave and gladiator ?
3 Who played Sally Rogers on The Dick Van Dyke Show ?
1 what kind of seed are used in marzipan ?
2 what does the e stand for in the equality e=mc2 ?
3 whom does uncle duke 's woman friend , honey , room with ?
3 what society invented the arch ?
3 who was jean nicolet ?
3 Who was the first woman to run the mile in less than 4 36893 minutes ?
0 what causes panic operation ?
0 What is barnstorming ?
4 What is the nickname for the state of Mississippi ?
4 Where does the opera singer Ileana Cotrubas come from ?
5 When was Babe Ruth born ?
5 how many class did shea & gould practice law in los angeles ?
3 who was the first host of person to person ?
1 what famed organized crime slaughter cut into the membership of bugs moran 's outfit ?
1 what infectious disease is the worldly concern 's deadliest ?
5 what was thatcher 's support rating after 10 years in power ?
1 what arachnid makes a superb pet , even said to recognize its master ?
0 What is a phalanx ?
1 What common ailment can 't you catch at the North Pole ?
1 What film was Jude Law in ?
1 what is your favorite coloring material ?
3 what has been the most common christian language unit of u.s. presidents ?
1 what was the name of the crimean confluence of roosevelt , churchill , and stalin ?
1 What color is `` ash '' ?
3 who is buried in the great polyhedron of giza ?
5 how many linear unit over six feet is the venus de milo ?
4 where does barney rubble go to work after he drops fred off in the `` flintstones '' cartoon serial ?
1 what is a emotion of motion ?
1 what does it take to become a professional ?
0 What are the side effects of mevacor ?
0 How do plants make food ?
4 what nation do the galapagos islands belong to ?
1 what oldtime kids ' fare did tv guide writer jeff greenfield call `` one of the most...subversive tv shows in american history '' ?
2 what is the form for the national bureau of investigation ?
1 what jules verne novel features person held captive in the submarine nautilus ?
5 how many head injuries are there in recreational ice skating each class ?
0 how can i enforce new concept to a group of youngsters who have been allowed to do as they please .
5 how many american enlisted person remain unaccounted from the vietnam war ?
1 the jewish rudiment is called what ?
4 what colorful ocean 's region does greek legend say the amazons lived near ?
1 what was the language unit of the u.s. 's first manned space program ?
5 What 's the percentage of children aged two through eleven who watch ` 'The Simpsons ' ?
5 What was the first minimum wage ?
3 Name the poet of the poem which begins : I do not know much about gods ; but I think that the river Is a strong brown god-sullen , and untamed ?
1 name a product about the sioux indians starring kevin costner .
5 what class did the vietnam war end ?
3 who moderated the first kennedy-nixon tv debate ?
1 What type of hunting are retrievers used for ?
0 What do bee hives do in cranberry bogs ?
5 what are the chance of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?
3 what toy company is the world 's no.1 maker of female clothing ?
1 What did Walter Huston remove to perform in the movie The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ?
3 Who won the first World Series ?
3 Whom did the Chicago Bulls beat in the 1993 championship ?
3 name the five positions who are in the course of succession to the presidency .
3 who was the only president of the united states to serve two nonconsecutive terms ?
5 When did Princess Diana and Prince Charles get married ?
3 who invented volleyball ?
1 in what medium is stuart hamblen considered to be the first tattle cowboy ?
1 in what movie is the amount nine found in the title ?
5 how many zip code are there in the u.s. ?
0 what is the origin of the typing activity sentence `` now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their country '' ?
5 how much did a knight 's protective covering weigh ?
2 when reading classified ads , what does eenty : other support for ?
5 how many teaspoon make up a tablespoon ?
1 what were the five hatchway words on ben casey ?
0 how do you make panoramic sugar foodstuff for easter - the ones with the scene inside ?
3 what nazi person killed himself in jail just before he was to be executed as a war criminal ?
3 who discovered imaginary act ?
1 name the intersection that is `` at your grocer 's , at your fingertips . ''
4 where can i get a complete listing of beginning in my area ?
5 what fraction of a dress hat 's life is spent swimming ?
3 what 's the middle name of movie maker joseph e. levine ?
1 what kind of performer is ileana cotrubas ?
4 where does infectious disease come from ?
3 Who is the director of intergovernmental affairs for the San Diego county ?
5 how many url extensions are there ? and what are they ?
5 what was the target pace for m3 growth in 1992 ?
1 What children 's tale contains the line : `` Come , Cinderslut , and hold this skein of wool for me '' ?
1 the principal callosum is in what part of the body ?
3 what italian leader had a lifelong fear of the evil center ?
3 what performer 's autobiography is titled all my yesterdays ?
5 how many excavation can still be found in the falklands after the war ended ?
3 What father and son won the Medal of Honor ?
5 what is the fine for having a canine on a beach ?
1 what 's the most popular word of bridge ?
5 what is the world record for the longest haircloth ?
3 what well-known tv talk show host was a lay preacher by the case he was seventeen ?
5 What is the Pennsylvania state income tax rate ?
4 What city is sometimes called The Athens of Switzerland ?
4 what is the largest museum in the worldly concern ?
4 what island is home plate to statues called mauis ?
3 what actor , who had greatest fame on tv , became the father of triplets ?
0 What does idle mean ?
3 who invented astroturf ?
4 what southeast asian political unit has the wang river joining the ping river at tak ?
5 what year did the united states pass the copyright jurisprudence ?
0 why is the word `` form '' so long ?
1 what household facility contains a float musket ball , musket ballcock , and overflow tube ?
5 how many egyptian pound are there in a stone ?
3 Who is the director and editor of the movie Big starring Tom Hanks ?
4 what biome country borders saudi arabia , iraq and the persian gulf ?
3 With whom did Bush compare Saddam Hussein ?
5 how many times in his 16-year national basketball associaton career was john havlicek a member of the all-star unit ?
0 what do you need to do to marry person in jail ?
1 what is widely used to detect prenatal beginning defects ?
4 What bay divides Maryland 's Eastern and Western Shores ?
1 what is the most common category of skin cancer in the u.s. ?
4 what administrative district on the gulf of mexico has its lowest point five feet below sea level ?
0 What causes headaches ?
1 what is the name name of a chemical used to control ripening ?
1 what is a fear of sour ?
3 what six-foot temperance advocate wielded her hatchet on room ?
1 what was the name of the musket ball game played by the mayans ?
4 what former royal palace has served as a granary , prison , arsenal , leper colony , mint , telegraph post and whorehouse before becoming an art museum ?
5 what proportion liked thatcher after she had been in power for a decade ?
3 what actress has received the most oscar appointment ?
4 What continent 's second-highest peak is Mont Blanc ?
5 how many copies of an medium must be sold for it to be a gold medium ?
1 What 's another word that means `` knows all '' ?
1 what is the longest english discussion ?
1 What kind of rocket launched the Surveyor spacecraft ?
1 what is the most efficient property to start a barbeque ?
3 Who is considered The First Lady of the American Stage ?
0 what is transmission ?
1 in what movie is the number nine found in the championship ?
5 how many nautical mile is it from ny to austria ?
3 What classical Spanish writer warned : `` All that glitters is not gold '' ?
4 what public square is the geographical center of london ?
0 what is the recommended daily requirement for folic compound for pregnant women ?
3 what performer was the perfect fool ?
1 what famed tennis contest 's men 's singles title was fred perry the last englishman to win ?
1 what letter appears on the cold-water sound in spain ?
5 what case of year has the most air travel ?
3 What is the world 's largest distilling company ?
3 Who was the prophet of the Muslim people ?
0 how does a legal document become law ?
1 what interesting method was used to run the credits in the early popeye wit ?
1 what holidays or ceremony are celebrated in italy ?
3 Which college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball at ?
5 How many questions do you have on your database ?
3 what military service 's motto is blood and fire ?
0 What are the benefits of home school ?
3 what female faith healer wrote the inspirational script i believe in miracles ?
5 How long is Camptown Racetrack ?
4 what consistency of water does the danube river flow into ?
1 what product did madilyn kahn star in with gene wilder ?
4 what u.s. state boasts stone mountain , the natural object 's largest mass of exposed granite ?
3 what actor and world war ii airman had a $5 , 0 amplitude put on his head by hermann goering ?
1 what sport features snatches and clean misfit ?
5 what is the latitude and angular distance of el paso , texas ?
5 how many furlongs are there in a linear unit-and-a-quarter recetrack ?
4 What European capital celebrated its 2 , 000th anniversary in 1951 ?
5 How much do tuberculosis combatting drugs cost ?
3 what person invented the pull-tab can ?
5 when was the triangle shirtwaist ardor ?
5 How many propellers helped power the plane the Wright brothers flew into history ?
5 what 's men 's score on a 455-yard golf hole ?
4 what country has the best defensive point in the board game diplomacy ?
0 what causes ferric oxide ?
0 how do you make panoramic sugar eggs for easter - the ones with the view inside ?
3 what painter popularized soup cans and brillo soap diggings boxes ?
1 What do you call a book of quotes ?
5 how many villus are found in the small intestine ?
4 Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?
0 describe the finnish auditory communication personality salonen 's appearance .
0 why is the mile 528 vertebrate foot ?
5 what time period was janet jackson 's first album released ?
4 Where is Melbourne ?
4 what building appropriately enough is depicted on the body part of the 1-dollar bill ?
1 what board game does a `` wood-baby buggy '' play poorly ?
3 what 2th-century american poet wrote a four-measure biography of abraham lincoln ?
0 what electrical phenomenon affect the area of the shetland islands and orkney islands in the north sea ?
0 What exactly is the purpose of the anteater ?
4 where can i find the history of the taiwanese terminology ?
3 what body fired angela davis ?
4 what country 's national traveler rail system is called via ?
4 name the country of giants twelve times the size of man in `` gulliver 's travels . ''
0 what is the difference between sexual love and infatuation ?
5 how many four star general officer were there and who are they ?
1 what are new machine games for windows 95 or 98 ?
3 Who is the fastest swimmer in the world ?
3 who held the endurance record for women pilots in 1929 ?
5 when did french radical storm the bastille ?
3 what six-foot natural virtue advocate wielded her hatchet on saloons ?
5 how many letter appear with the numbers 2 to 9 on a telephone dial ?
1 in kafka 's metamorphosis , the hero awakes one morning to find himself turned into what ?
5 how many millimeters are in a nautical mile ?
3 what company uses the unfamiliar faces of its celebrity spokespeople to promote the use of its intersection ?
0 what is butterfield 8 in butterfield 8 ?
1 What 's the traditional drink at the Kentucky Derby ?
0 how is carbon dioxide removed from natural state of matter ?
1 what 's the highest handwriting in straight poker ?
0 how does light travel through the void of space if there is no culture medium for it to ` wave ' or ` pulse ' .
3 what former president 's daughter has written a book titled murder in the white house ?
1 what ship did lloyd m. bucher speech act ?
0 how can you tell when libyan islamic fighting group are ripe ?
3 who is considered the first lady of the american stage ?
3 who was the first man to return to quad ?
3 who fired maria ybarra from her position in san diego council ?
0 What is ` Last Chance for Animals ' ?
5 how many colony were involved in the american revolution ?
0 what was the first funk 'n lata , brazilian abstraction , success ?
1 what are the developmental stagecoach of a swimmer ?
0 What does N est-ce pas mean ?
3 who is coronado ?
1 what color is most often used to symbolize accuracy ?
3 what united states army was founded by william booth and his wife catherine ?
2 What is the abbreviated form of the National Bureau of Investigation ?
5 what was the death price at the eruption of mount pinatubo ?
0 what is the theory of equivalence administrative district ?
4 what are the names of the tourist drawing card in reims ?
3 who was the charlie aroma woman ?
4 What country is proud to claim Volcano National Park ?
5 how many hours of employment does it take a typist to complete a 100-page screenplay ?
5 What is the life expectancy of an elephant ?
3 who did bobby fischer beat to win the world chess high status ?
1 what is the rounded part on the region of a matchbook called ?
0 what 's the quality and advantages of selecting a super vhs vcr over plain vhs model ?
0 what features of the african pachyderm are larger than those of the indian pachyderm ?
1 what `` little red motor vehicle '' is mentioned in pop singer prince 's hit song ?
3 who succeeded nikita khrushchev as first repository of the communist party ?
4 what was the first country to put a second woman in attribute ?
1 what invention does the principle of conservation of department of energy make impossible ?
0 how can i get person 's email address ?
1 What is Nero Wolfe 's favorite drink during office hours ?
1 name li 'l abner 's favorite indian helping .
0 why are there 12 people on a jury in criminal happening ?
3 who wrote the book , `` the grinch who stole christmas '' ?
5 How many calories are there in soy sauce ?
3 Who claimed to be the world 's most perfectly-developed man ?
0 why do they call a sandwich a sandwich when there is no ham ?
0 How does a scientific calculator work ?
1 what is the language unit of the michelangelo painting that shows two hands with fingers touching ?
0 how do i find a object address for a company ?
3 who invented the soup-strainer ?
3 name the marvel unit loosely based on dc 's justice league of america ?
4 where can i get u.s. economic applied mathematics ?
3 What college did Joe Namath play football for ?
3 who was the only u.s. president to wear a nazi uniform ?
0 why do people get goosebumps when they have something emotional happen to them , like when they hear a beautiful objet d'art of music , or see something beautiful , or get aroused by someone they love ?
3 who played the ringo kid in the 1939 product stagecoach ?
3 who made the deodorant that claimed that it `` actually builds up action to odor '' ?
0 How do you do a topic outline ?
4 What city has a newspaper called The Plain Dealer ?
4 what 's the natural object 's longest suspension bridge ?
0 How is thalassemia defined ?
3 who advised listeners to `` see the u.s.a. in your chevrolet '' ?
3 Name the lawyer for Randy Craft .
4 What is the largest U.S. state east of the Mississippi ?
3 what ship's company markets a shampoo `` for brunettes only '' ?
4 where can an individual get a contact lens tested that burned the entire surface of sense organ when new ?
3 Who won the 1968 California Democratic primary ?
1 what 's the shape of a even-toed ungulate 's spine ?
4 Jackson Pollock is of what nationality ?
3 what evidence company produced the 1978 movie the wiz ?
1 What is the fastest-growing comic strip of all time ?
3 What was the name of Randy Steven Craft 's lawyer ?
5 how many administrative district have a lottery ?
0 what else has the emblem stood for ?
5 what is the average age of a extremity of the team that worked on the manhatten project ?
4 What is the best place to live in the world , considering climate , civilization ?
5 When were the Olympic Games in which Nadia Comaneci became popular played ?
5 how many nautical mile is it to ohio from north carolina ?
3 what 's the supreme policy-making agency of the soviet communist party ?
1 which is the best opening move in brome ?
0 how can i transport files from one calculator to another ?
4 what was the highest batch on earth before mount everest was discovered ?
4 What is the greatest hiking Web site ?
4 What is the world 's highest peak ?
0 what are the seven deadly unrighteousness ?
5 how many means does a flea have ?
4 where are some great educational resources for parent and teachers ?
1 what is a fear of hymenopterous insect ?
3 who followed caesar ?
0 what is the purpose of a cable car bra ?
4 what political unit has the highest arson rate ?
0 What is real time processing ?
1 What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?
0 what did delilah do to samson 's haircloth ?
0 why did several san diego schools stop serving apples to enrollee ?
3 who was the first black golfer to tee off in the masters ?
1 What color are school buses ?
5 what was the price of varian associates ' vacuum intersection division ?
4 what nation is kosovo a part of ?
1 what do opposite faces of a cube always add up to ?
3 who took over as conductor of the boston pops after arthur fiedler 's long reign ?
0 why are peanut butter cake topped with crisscrosses ?
5 how many group did randy craft murder ?
5 how long does it take the milky way galaxy to make one change ?
1 what delicacy is known indelicately as pickled seafood ?
3 who betrayed norway to the nazis ?
5 how long does it take for your body to restore liquid body substance after you donate your liquid body substance ?
4 what country is the natural object leading supplier of cannabis ?
1 name a movie that the actor , sandra bullock , had a role in .
1 what do you call a script of quotes ?
3 who is considered the first lady of the american stage ?
5 How many cables support the main span of the Golden Gate Bridge ?
3 Which of the following celebrities started his show-biz career as a disc jockey ?
3 What famous comic strip character died of acne ?
0 what 's the meaning of the latin military action cry : ad arma , ad arma .
3 what explorer was nicknamed iberia 's pilot ?
5 how many pairs of wings does a tsetse fly fly have ?
4 what nation was general douglas mcarthur in when he was recalled by president truman ?
4 where is your principal callosum ?
0 what is carpal burrow syndrome ?
3 who was the 1st u.s. president ?
3 who was the tallest u.s. corporate executive ?
0 what excuse did the nato people give for hitting the chinese diplomatic building ?
4 what are the world 's three largest ocean , in order of size ?
3 What was called the world 's largest department store ?
4 what country is the worldly concern leading supplier of cannabis ?
2 what 's the abbreviation for explosive compound ?
3 who were leaders of the byzantine empire ?
1 what is widely used to detect prenatal parturition defects ?
0 How do I contact answers.com ?
5 how many bones are in the human extremity ?
0 why do heavier objects motion downhill faster ?
3 who discovered electricity ?
4 where can an causal agent get a contact lens tested that burned the entire surface of eye when new ?
3 what is the name of the managing administrator of apricot computer ?
1 what is a good book to read for multitude who hate to read ?
4 what political unit has problems with hooligans ?
5 what are the numbers that fit into fermont 's last proposition ?
0 how do you become a medical practitioner ?
3 name one of the major gods of hinduism .
1 what dangles over the spit from the palate ?
4 where is microsoft 's corporate office located ?
4 in what state was the first monoxide-educational monoxidellege established
0 what is dew component ?
4 where can i find model of legal cases about the individuals with disabilities education act ?
1 what code offers inventors use of cad-like design ?
5 What amount of folic acid should an expectant mother take daily ?
3 who built the first pyramid ?
1 what 's the common name for a japanese gnome tree ?
1 what do you call a poker handwriting with five cards of the same suit ?
5 How many quarters equal a pound ?
1 What soft drink first appeared in the Old Corner Drug Store in Waco , Texas , in 1885 ?
1 what is the knock of low pressure around the equator called ?
5 how many spirit does baskin & robbins offer ?
4 what airport is on the piccadilly subway formation ?
3 who starred in singing in the rain and the singing nun ?
0 how did super president gain his quality on the animated series ?
5 in what year did thatcher become prime clergyman ?
1 what product is for juvenile , and not for silly rabbits ?
4 What are the two cities in Dicken 's `` A Tale of Two Cities '' ?
1 what course is categorized as the bourgeoisie ?
0 how can i get in contact with michael moore of `` roger & me '' ?
1 what relation of your body contains the corpus callosum ?
3 name a south african jewel producer ?
5 what percentage of the world 's plant and animal species can be found in the amazon forest ?
1 what was the distinguishing chump on the `` little rascals '' dog ?
1 what kind of animals are in cambodia ?
1 what two semblance are you blind to if you suffer from protanopia ?
0 how do movie blues filmdom work ?
1 what polarity is the best love match for a horoscope polarity ?
1 what words in the english have two uranium 's back to back ?
5 how many web server are there ?
5 how many years of schooling after senior high school does it take to become a neurosurgeon ?
1 what is the correct way to mount a bun of toilet paper ?
3 who was jinnah ?
1 what does the method called `` cold fusion '' produce ?
3 what was the language unit of the 187s irish terrorist group in pennsylvania mining areas ?
3 What well-known actor is the father of star Alan Alda ?
1 what is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of change in the body ?
1 What 's the only work by Michelangelo that bears his signature ?
1 what is the term for the side of the mountain that faces the prevailing weather ?
0 how do cameras take representation ?
1 what does a pedometer measuring stick ?
3 who stopped making diary entries on may 31 , 1669 , because he thought he was going blind ?
3 what male offspring of a 15-year-old mexican girl and a half-irish father became the world 's most famous greek ?
1 which condiment was once sold as a patent music ?
5 How many people die of tuberculosis yearly ?
4 Where have the most dinosaur remains been found ?
3 What is Michael Jackson 's father 's name ?
1 what trophy is awarded to the contestant of the super bowl ?
0 what do the defamation neil , mary , and anthony mean ?
5 where does the u.s. rank among world countries in region ?
3 what was the activity of mandy rice-davies ?
3 who was jinnah ?
0 what is federal financial gain tax ?
5 how many grooves are on a coin ?
1 which infectious disease is the worldly concern 's deadliest ?
3 who portrayed dracula in hammer studios ' films ?
4 what former royal palace has served as a granary , correctional institution , arsenal , leper colony , mint , telegraph station and whorehouse before becoming an art museum ?
4 where could i go to take a ride on a steam self-propelled vehicle ?
4 what is the name of the nation which hitler ruled ?
3 who was the first medical practitioner to successfully transplant a liver ?
1 What is a softball made of ?
1 What Leoncavallo opera features a prologue by a clown ?
3 who held the endurance evidence for women pilots in 1929 ?
4 what is the address for the main government place of business in rome , italy ?
1 what letter is to the right field of k on a typewriter keyboard ?
0 What 's the proud claim to fame of the young women who formed Kappa Alpha Theta ?
1 What was the name of the American ship sunk by a mine in Havana harbor , causing the Spanish-American war ?
4 what municipality in the u.s. experienced the most growth recently ?
3 who invented the horoscope ?
1 what 's an easy way to count the approximate act of fish in a lake ?
4 What Rocky Mountain ridge separates North America 's eastward and westward-flowing rivers ?
3 who was the first black to be head coach of a major league pro diversion team ?
1 What was another name for East Germany ?
5 How many wives did Brigham Young have ?
4 Where is former Pro wrestler Johnny `` Rubber Man '' Walker ?
5 what year did germany sign its foreign policy pact with the soviet union ?
4 where can i find a lesson idea for teaching the metric system conversion to american standard ?
5 what 's work force 's par on a 455-yard golf hole ?
0 What do the names Andrew and Christina mean ?
0 What is a caldera ?
5 how many children under 18 are unfortunate of some sort of physical abuse each year ?
5 How far is London UK from California ?
3 What first name was Nipsy Russell given at birth ?
3 Who wrote `` Much Ado About Nothing '' ?
3 who is the richest person in the world , without owning a occupation ?
3 who else was considered for the character of luke skywalker when george lucas was casting for star wars ?
4 what is the natural object 's highest peak ?
5 how many vertebrate foot high is the hurdle in front of a runner 's steeplechase water jump ?
0 how do you build a solar car for a high school scientific research ?
3 what broadcasting station did paul harvey work for ?
0 why does sound motion quicker through water than air ?
1 what 1956 grace metalious fiction was on the best-seller list for two years ?
1 what is the name of the ` female ' counterpart to el nino , which results in cooling temperatures and very dry atmospheric phenomenon ?
5 How deep is a fathom ?
3 what camera company said , `` if you haven 't got the fourth dimension , we 've got the camera ? ''
4 Where can I find the history of the Taiwanese language ?
0 what caused an termination of the 25th anniversary session of the united nations general assembly ?
3 who is the prime clergyman in norway ?
1 what was the 24-disc john gabel entertainer the first model of , in 1960 ?
3 Who is the youngest of the Beatles ?
3 Who first broke the sound barrier ?
3 which company that manufactures visual communication-game hardware sells the `` super system '' ?
1 what two vessels fought the first sea battle between iron-covered ship ?
0 what is power management ?
3 Who is the fastest guitarist ?
5 how many points are there on a backgammon circuit board ?
3 who won the first general election for president held in malawi in may 1994 ?
0 how do you make a calculator chip ?
0 Why does sound travel quicker through water than air ?
0 how do cameras take movie ?
0 what is market economy according to max weber ?
1 what was john steinbeck 's travelling friend charley ?
5 what was the date of cnn 's first message ?
3 Who portrayed Etta Place , companion to Butch Cassidey and the Sundance Kid ?
3 Who was the first Taiwanese President ?
4 what was the highest mountain on ground before mount everest was discovered ?
5 how much does one ton of cement outgo ?
0 how can i find out which city have cable-modem access ?
1 What did Jack exchange with the butcher for a handful of beans ?
5 what are the highest-paying odds on a curve table ?
1 what are the best ways to improve worker morale at low cost ?
5 in what class was the wall built ?
1 what is the recipe to calculate pi ?
3 who won world war ii ?
0 what is the origin of the language unit `` amen '' ?
4 Where can I find a picture of a Blue Meanie ?
1 what are different intersection of petroleum ?
3 Which of the following actors worked in New York 's Yiddish Theater ?
5 what is the regular value ?
1 what after-dinner nutriment was invented in 1916 at the george jung noodle factory in los angeles ?
0 what is the point of the first name ` breony ' ?
3 what is the name of the indian United Nations agency became prime minister by beating mrs. gandhi in the 1977 election ?
5 in what time period did china and the republic of korea establish diplomatic relations ?
3 which german president was pressured into appointing hitler cabinet minister in 1933 ?
3 what film director made one silent and one sound version of the ten commandments ?
4 what is the assets of kosovo ?
1 what were millions of kids wearing on their read/write head in 1955 ?
0 what is the message of the name ella ?
0 why is microsoft 's windows 3 code so successful ?
0 what is the economic shock of unemployment on the economy ?
3 Who wrote : `` Poems are made by fools like me but only God can make a tree '' ?
5 about how many americans are still unaccounted for from the vietnam military action ?
3 name the blind sculptress in love with the fantastic four 's thing .
3 who were the five marx brothers ?
5 what was the amount of people that randy steven craft was convicted of killing ?
0 What is a `` repeating voter '' ?
5 how many south american countries have the letter z in their names ?
1 which breakfast cereal brought you `` the best each good morning '' ?
1 what film had bette davis creating a scandal by wearing a daring red gown to a society musket ball ?
0 what is the origin of the rock band led zeppelin 's language unit ?
1 what 's the literary term for a dramatic composition on words ?
1 which terminology has the most words ?
1 What does the six-footed Musca domestica become when it enters a house ?
4 what is the name of the body of water between sweden and finland ?
0 how has tv affected our club ?
5 what is the value for tuberculosis drugs ?
1 what 's the most delicate-tasting extremity of the onion family ?
3 what is the language unit of the brilliant british economist behind its creation ?
3 what dumb-but-loveable fictional character did maurice gosfield play on the phil silvers show ?
4 what countries have the most auto felony ?
5 How long does it take the typical hen to lay 19 dozen eggs ?
3 what classical spanish writer warned : `` all that brightness is not gold '' ?
1 name the soft helping that is `` number one in the sun . ''
3 who made the most appearances in the center square on hollywood squares ?
3 which japanese cable car maker had its biggest percentage of sale in the domestic market ?
0 What is a dangling participle ?
5 how much compound is in the oceans ?
0 what is commonly considered the fifth awareness ?
5 How many characters makes up a word for typing test purposes ?
3 who bestowed great power upon captain britain ?
5 what is the all-time stock degree of apple computer , and where can i find this information ?
3 which member of charlie 's angels sang music for josie and the pussycats ?
0 why are ice cream ice-cream sundae called ice-cream sundae ?
5 how many kind of lemurs are there ?
1 what 's the term for a limestone geological phenomenon rising from the floor of a cave ?
1 what animal has the best earshot ?
5 How many movies has Drew Barrymore been in ?
1 what are archosaur droppings called ?
5 what 's the score of a forfeited baseball plot ?
0 how do ants have bodily process ?
4 what are the top five oil-producing country in the world ?
3 what is the advocate 's name in dostoevski 's `` the idiot '' ?
1 what does an ashen-faced eidologist search out the being of ?
4 what two european country are joined by the gran san bernardo pass ?
3 who was israel 's first prime curate ?
4 what pass links the mediterranean sea and the atlantic ocean ?
0 What is a transistor ?
5 how many members of a unit could be drafted in the u.s. military during world war ii ?
3 what u.s. vice-corporate executive once declared : `` if you 've seen one slum , you 've seen them all '' ?
5 how many watt make a kilowatt ?
1 What were the trials called which followed World War II ?
5 how many body were involved in the american revolution ?
3 who wrote the poem that starts `` i love your lips when they 're wet with wine and red with a warm desire '' ?
1 what were the ceremony traditions like during the elizabethian time period ?
5 how many group die from snakebite poisoning in the u.s. per year ?
3 What British prime minister and U.S. president were seventh cousins once-removed ?
1 What kind of wine is Spumante ?
4 where can i get message about cystic fibrosis ?
0 What is the difference between a bachelor and a 1 bedroom apartment ?
0 How did Jayne Mansfield die ?
1 name the message by chris van allsburg in the which a boy tries to become a great sailor ?
1 what does a womanhood want ?
4 what nation did the allies invade in world war ii 's operation avalanche ?
3 Who starred in Singing in the Rain and The Singing Nun ?
4 where can i get data on the original 13 us colonies ?
3 what well-known auditory communication personality is the father of an adopted son named hans christian henderson ?
1 what was the name of the u.s. 's first manned space platform ?
1 what intersection did william horlick discover and produce ?
0 what is the origin of the language unit marijuana ?
3 what american won the world grand prix drive championship in 1978 ?
0 why does a adult have to be a virgin to be a nun ?
1 what committee game does a `` wood-pusher '' play poorly ?
0 how do you match a language unit to a social security number ?
1 what coloring material flies closest to the staff on belgium 's flag ?
0 What will the weather be today ?
3 what company markets a shampoo `` for person only '' ?
1 what was the 24-disc john gabel entertainer the first information of , in 1960 ?
3 what is the name of the american athlete who won seven gold medals in the 1972 olympics ?
0 how is a hydrogen explosive device different from a nuclear explosive device ?
0 what is the origin of the discussion , jj .
0 what are my legal abstraction in an automobile repossession in california ?
0 how do i start a object based business ?
3 who sang the song `` hooked on a feeling '' in the dancing baby sequence of `` ally mcbeal '' ?
5 How many people have been killed in wars , armed conflicts ?
0 what is the recommended daily prerequisite for folic acid for pregnant women ?
1 what lewis carroll book introduced humpty dumpty to the natural object ?
3 what is the name of the indian who became prime curate by beating mrs. gandhi in the 1977 election ?
1 what is the condition for the side of the mountain that faces the prevailing winds ?
3 Who were the only two bald U.S. Presidents ?
1 what visual property bottles do good rhine wines come in ?
0 What does the name ` Alexandra ' mean ?
4 In what part of the world is Mozambique ?
1 what is the name of david letterman 's pawl ?
1 what 's an infant navy seal called ?
3 what was the man 's name who was killed in a fight with aaron burr ?
3 what was the language unit of the daughter of the virginia chief powhatan that married john rolfe ?
1 What is the name of the Family Circus 's dog ?
0 what is the beginning of the word assassinate ?
0 how can you contact play maker and promoters on-line ?
5 how many games are played in a five-team round-robin contest ?
0 How do you tell somebody you like them ?
3 who gave abbie hoffman his first medicine of lsd ?
3 What card company sells Christmas ornaments ?
3 what feathered wit characters do yugoslavians know as vlaja , gaja , and raja ?
1 What is the name of the medical condition in which a baby is born without a brain ?
5 when was cnn 's first message ?
1 what category of suit did true hepcats wear in 1942 ?
1 what three colors of ink are used to print a u.s. dollar beak ?
5 what is the central rate between england and the u.s. ?
0 what is the point of the peace symbol ?
5 what year is etched on the gold medal of excellence from the paris exposition depicted on a container of campbell 's tomato soup ?
3 who was the first person to study the stars ?
5 how many game are dealt to each player in gin rummy ?
3 what is the name of actor rex harrison 's son , United Nations agency starred in a modestly popular tv show during the late 1960's ?
0 what was the title to fame of king camp gillette ?
0 why do atmospheric pressure cookers save time in the kitchen ?
3 What is the name of the firm that makes Spumante ?
5 how many votes in congress dissented from the 1941 declaration of military action with japan ?
1 what song served as the conclusion theme of the johnny cash show ?
1 what was the department of education system in the 1960 's ?
3 what famous male vocalist has the same name as the composer of the classical music hansel and gretel ?
1 what european contest sees the winner of its mountain stage awarded a jersey with large red polka dots ?
0 what are the factors leading to the high adolescent pregnancy rate in spartanburg , south carolina ?
3 who was president of afghanistan in 1994 ?
0 what is thermal chemical equilibrium ?
5 how many small enterprise are there in the united states ?
4 What U.S. state has the second-longest coastline ?
4 what australian city became the residence of the america 's cup ?
1 what leon uris novel dealt with the russian acquiring of berlin ?
5 how many group died when the estonia sank in 1994 ?
0 why does cotton get caught in body part buttons ?
3 What character narrates Treasure Island ?
5 How many different types of skunks are there ?
0 how can i find online spelling , and punctuation tool for my 6th grader ?
5 how many ocean are there and name them ?
4 what australian city became the home plate of the america 's cup ?
4 what is the home platelite inc. home plate page ?
1 What 's the term for an organism that lives on or in another ?
1 what is a emotion of clouds ?
5 When did the vesuvius last erupt ?
0 how do bird find their way back to the same place every year ?
3 who wrote the book , `` song of solomon '' ?
0 what was the finding in the 1925 trial of john t. scopes ?
0 How do you get a pointsettia to turn red ?
1 what vladimir nabokov novel features professor humbert in love with a 12-year-old woman ?
3 what english fagot had seventeen children ?
0 What is crabgrass ?
5 how large is missouri 's people ?
1 what is it that walks on four branch , then on two branch , then on three ?
1 what oldtime kids ' fare did tv guide writer jeff greenfield margin call `` one of the most...subversive tv shows in american history '' ?
1 what tv post did mary richards work for ?
3 what president was meant for , but never placed in , the empty burial chamber beneath the capital 's rotunda ?
0 why do product and tv stars get paid so much ?
3 who won two gold medals in skiing in the olympic games in calgary ?
1 what is the language unit of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as : involuntary movements , tics , swearing , and incoherent vocalizations , grunts , shouts , etc. ?
5 how many bending are there in a standard paper clip ?
0 what is the deviation between hair and fur ?
5 How many bytes are in a terabyte ?
3 what civil war general wreaked disturbance on the south by marching through georgia on his way to the sea ?
3 what world war ii leader declared : `` the stroke has been struck '' ?
0 what is the origin of endangered species ?
1 What operating system do IBM-compatible machines use ?
3 What is the name of a Greek god ?
1 what is another condition for the painful wrist syndrome ?
0 What is tumbled marble ?
3 who makes chicken `` digit lickin '' good ?
1 which produces the longer sperm - an elephant or a shiner ?
3 which bourbon king was restored to the french throne during napoleon 's abdication ?
0 how does a glacier human body ?
0 how did the great depression affect japan 's past ?
1 what magazine paid $5 , 000 for an eight-millimeter film of john f. kennedy 's character assassination ?
1 what visual property are seven of every 10 houses in the u.s. ?
0 How is Paraguay for vacations ?
3 Who bestowed great power upon Captain Britain ?
3 who made the first gas motor ?
0 how can i find out what class a beanie baby was introduced ?
1 what is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as : involuntary movements , tics , swearing , and incoherent vocalizations , noise , shouts , etc. ?
4 what is the address for the main government position in rome , italy ?
1 what russian fiction embracing more the 5 characters is set in the napoleonic wars ?
3 what president kissed the queen mother on the sass ?
3 whose spouse have included conrad hilton jr. , and michael wilding ?
1 what mutant can a free-legged pacer compete in ?
5 in what class did china and the republic of korea establish diplomatic relations ?
3 what musician was awarded the medal of honor by franklin d. roosevelt ?
0 What causes blue balls ?
3 world health organization is the man behind the pig-the man world health organization pulls the strings and speaks for miss piggy ?
1 What war saw a naval battle between the luxury liners Cap Trafalgar and the Carmania ?
3 what knighted actor narrates tv 's the world at war ?
3 who played the ringo kid in the 1939 film stagecoach ?
4 what u.s. state ends with a g ?
1 what is the trademark of a washington redskin 's sports fan ?
1 what is a concern of points ?
0 what is the difference between a bachelor and a 1 bedroom housing ?
3 what imaginary being did tex avery first create upon arriving at mgm ?
1 what was `` america 's recessed-filter roll of tobacco '' ?
4 Where do you find information about the Queensland National Competition Policy
3 what professional diversion league originated the college draft ?
5 what is the number of american soldier deployed to south korea ?
1 what coloring material is the lipstick on boy george 's wax lips at london 's madame tussaud 's ?
1 what triple crown-winning horse took the 1973 belmont stakes by 31 dimension ?
3 Who said : `` What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''
1 what blood sport features a movement called a flower ?
5 what is the average date when most malls begin putting up christmas leisure decorations ?
3 Who died with more than 1 , 000 U.S. patents to his credit ?
1 what broadway appearance introduced the song some enchanted evening ?
3 What English physician was born on January 18 , 1779 and went on to create two important inventions ?
1 What is a fear of insanity ?
5 how many children under 18 are victims of some sort of physical abuse each time period ?
3 who is the leader of brunei ?
0 what is the beginning of `` jiggy '' as in getting jiggy with it ?
4 Where is Belize located ?
5 how long does it take the moon to revolve around the earth ?
4 What is the leading pecan and peanut growing state ?
4 Which Latin American country is the largest ?
1 which ear can most multitude hear better with ?
1 what nantucket shipwreck killed more diver exploring it than the 52 people it sank with ?
3 name the designer of the shoe that spawned million of plastic imitations , known as ` jellies ' .
0 what is the definition of the scrabble discussion ` syzygy ' ?
1 what is solid made of ?
3 what team did babe ruth play his first major league plot for ?
1 what album put the beatles on the binding of time in 1967 ?
5 What is the all-time stock high of Apple Computer , and where can I find this information ?
3 whom did lauren bacall marry after her spouse humphrey bogart died ?
4 what country 's national passenger barrier system is called via ?
1 what category of fruit is a yellow transparent ?
1 Names of books by James A. Michener set in the following locations ?
4 what 's the name of the temple that is located near the capital municipality of laos ?
3 What famous British actor lost his voice after an operation in 1966 ?
1 What is the main ingredient of yogurt ?
5 in 1990 , what time unit of the week did christmas fall on ?
1 which kind of soda has the greatest amount of caffeine ?
1 what drug did sigmund freud become fascinated with while experimenting with the discussion of neurasthenia ?
3 Who was the first American poet to win the Nobel Prize for literature , in 1948 ?
1 what is the greatest informant of `` white '' magic in the marvel universe ?
3 what body football team did knute rockne build into a power ?
1 what motor vehicle was driven in the 199 release of `` smokey and the bandit '' ?
5 how many horses died during the civil military action ?
4 where can i find a website that gives comparisons of good price ?
4 what state full of beverage and honey was the destination in the grapes of wrath ?
5 how long does it take for your blood to make one complete journey through the body ?
1 what preservative do chefs pay the most for ?
1 What are two plants that clothes are made from ?
3 Who was the lawyer who represented Randy Steven Craft ?
3 who protects dc comics ' realm of dreams ?
0 What are Christopher Marlowe 's and Shakespeare 's literary contributions to English literature ?
0 Why were the American soldiers in WWI called `` Doughboys ''
1 what collection of animals makes up more than two-thirds of known species ?
3 what bread company used to feature stickers of the cisco kid on the extremity of their packages ?
3 what performer was the first man to appear on the cover of mccall 's ?
4 where 's the 19th opening on a golf course ?
3 who famously rode to warn the people of massachusetts that the british were coming ?
1 what stringed weapon fires a lightning ?
5 How long does a human live ?
4 what new hampshire hamlet rises early to vote first in u.s. presidential vote ?
4 what is the name of the tallest mountain in the natural object ?
3 what mormon drawing card was said to have had 27 wives ?
4 what european country boasts the city of furth , found where the river rednitz and pegnitz converge ?
0 what did fcc president newton minow declare tv to be on may 9 , 1961 ?
4 what structure appropriately enough is depicted on the back of the 1-dollar bill ?
1 name four comic strip about pilots .
5 what seven digits follow the area written communication in the number for long distance information ?
5 of children between the ages of two and eleven , what percentage vigil `` the simpsons '' ?
1 what 's the common name for acetylsalicylic compound ?
1 what war added car and quisling to the english language ?
3 what u.s. president was the first to breed mule ?
1 what drink is formed of tequila , orange juice and liqueur ?
3 who invented the pull-tab opener on container ?
4 what country have the highest ratio of university students ?
1 what is the language unit for clouds that produce rain ?
0 How is carbon dioxide removed from natural gas ?
3 in what high-risk business undertaking did jimmy the greek bet and lose ?
1 What Russian novel embracing more the 5 characters is set in the Napoleonic Wars ?
1 what beer advertised that it had `` three gymnastic apparatus '' ?
5 how many phonograph record does each player have in a four-handed game of crokinole ?
3 what u.s. government administrative unit registers trademarks ?
3 what architect originated the glass building designed the chicago federal center had a philosophy of `` less is more , '' and produced plans that were the forerunner of the california ranch building ?
3 What businesses or agencies would do an employment verification ?
1 what creature scares multitude in the film `` jaws '' ?
5 What year is etched on the Gold Medal of Excellence from the Paris Exposition depicted on a can of Campbell 's tomato soup ?
0 How is it correct to say ` qigong ' ?
3 what tv unit sometimes buys eclairs from nelson 's bakery ?
3 who owns the rights on a tv idea ?
2 what is the form of the international olympic committee ?
4 what is mark mcgwirantioxidant 's antioxidant-mail addrantioxidantss ?
1 what organism 's tail is called a brush ?
3 what group was formed in 1969 after police met resistance from patrons at the stonewall , a greenwich village homosexual bar ?
1 how do you say `` eat the sidereal day '' in latin ?
0 What is the origin of the typing practice sentence `` Now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their country '' ?
3 who made the deodorant that claimed that it `` actually builds up resistance to odor '' ?
1 what kind of animals were in the paleozoic time period ?
3 what bestselling modern poet was the co-laminitis of the famous city lights bookshop in san francisco ?
1 what does a phobophobe emotion ?
3 who stopped making diary introduction on may 31 , 1669 , because he thought he was going blind ?
1 what kind of tree state lebanon 's flag ?
3 what two historical figures , world health organization fought each other in a famous battle , each have a food named after them ?
1 what 's the only employment by michelangelo that bears his signature ?
5 what are bottle caps with presidents ' representation inside worth ?
4 what river does the grand coulee barrier barrier ?
5 how many boys play the game in winslow homer 's 1872 painting snap the whip ?
3 whose first presidential order was : `` let 's get this goddamn situation airborne '' ?
0 What does a nihilist believe in ?
0 how can i find out which cities have cable-electronic equipment access ?
1 what soft helping not only has its own video game , but was featured in its own marvel comic book ?
3 in the past 8 years who have the mvp contestant for the nhl been ?
0 For what reason did the Shea & Gould law firm close their L.A. office ?
1 what 's the no. 1 person in industrialized countries ?
3 what is the first personal calculator company ?
1 what rabbit got its language unit because its ears resembled those of a jackass ?
3 who won the 1967 academy award for best actor ?
3 who 's the founder and editor of the national review ?
4 what municipality contains the district of hell 's kitchen ?
3 what was the language unit of darth vader 's son ?
3 what was the language unit of the first watergate special prosecutor , later fired by nixon ?
3 what famous british actor lost his sound after an operation in 1966 ?
5 When is the Sun closest to the Earth ?
0 What can be done about snoring ?
1 what are the four natural aids used in riding a equine ?
4 What state in the United States covers the largest area ?
1 what product did steven spielberg direct in 1975 ?
4 what is a reliable web site that i can download heretic 2 ?
1 what are the long time in comic book lingo ?
3 who was president of costa rica in 1994 ?
5 how many atmosphere of ice cream does howard johnson 's have ?
1 what is a emotion of punishment ?
1 what 1966 boob pipe bomb took astronauts back to prehistoric times ?
5 what is the federal minimum regular payment ?
0 How can you define time ?
1 What is a fear of crystals or glass ?
3 what was the nickname of german flying digit manfred von richthofen ?
1 what is the celtic signal for `` life '' ?
1 What movie did Madilyn Kahn star in with Gene Wilder ?
1 what is the name of the medical circumstance in which a baby is born without a brain ?
5 What 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?
1 what operating instrumentality do ibm-compatible machines use ?
1 what was the language unit of the american ship sunk by a mine in havana harbor , causing the spanish-american war ?
3 what singer became despondent over the end of freddie prinze , quit show business , and then quit the business ?
4 what celestial body did percival lovell discover ?
0 What 's new in the postal world in 1999 ?
4 what is the largest municipality in connecticut ?
5 how big is our collection in diameter ?
5 how many common fraction of the earth 's surface lie under water ?
0 what is the origin of the term `` buffalo wings '' that is used as a menu item in bars across the political unit for chicken wings in a spicey sauce ?
1 what is a fear of body covering ?
3 who invented the stock watch in 1870 ?
3 Who is the famous movie star who also acted as sewer commissioner of Provo Canyon , Utah ?
1 what element , from the periodic table , is a state of matter or a solid , but never a liquid ?
5 how many hours of activity does it take a typist to complete a 100-page screenplay ?
3 who was the first american world chess rival ?
3 Who is the owner of CNN ?
5 How many people was Randy Craft convicted of killing ?
5 When did Spain and Korea start ambassadorial relations ?
4 what region is chicago in ?
3 who is known as `` the world 's oldest adolescent '' ?
0 how is the language unit ` qigong ' pronounced ?
3 who was the famous door-to-door brush salesman ?
3 who wrote : `` poems are made by fools like me but only god can make a tree '' ?
4 what u.s. state comes last in an alphabetical database ?
1 what is the name given to the islamic equivalent of the red cross ?
1 What is a fear of children ?
0 how were the days of the workweek named ?
4 what countries have the most auto larceny ?
5 how much case does the blinking of an eye take ?
4 What are the names of the tourist attractions in Reims ?
4 where was the largest concentration military quarters in world war ii ?
3 Who is the most sexy celebrity ?
0 how did the hohenzollerns build their ability around 17 ?
0 why are there olive in martinis ?
4 what building built in 18 contains 327 linear unit of book shelves ?
3 who directed the wild bunch ?
4 what scandinavian country covers 173 , 732 square nautical mile ?
1 what emblem flies over wake island ?
4 what city houses the u.s. office of procter and gamble ?
1 what are the signs of a country going into a recess ?
5 how many colors was the forties collectible called a donald duck rubber boat ?
1 what tennis word is said to come from the french word for egg ?
1 What food can I use to catch a possum ?
5 how much thriftlessness does an average dairy cow produce in a day ?
4 what kind of environment does the scorpion live in ?
0 how come light light bulb go out ?
3 who wrote the script , `` song of solomon '' ?
4 what square is the geographical plaza of london ?
4 What African capital is named for a U.S. president ?
5 how many south american countries have the document z in their names ?
4 What 's the capital of Iowa ?
4 what 's the only east european country not tied to the Tajikistani monetary unit ?
1 what is the only modern communication that capitalizes its singular first-person pronoun ?
5 how deep is a linear unit ?
3 Who played the father on `` Charles in Charge '' ?
4 what peruvian city is home plate to the mummified body of francisco pizarro ?
1 What does El Nino mean in spanish ?
5 what month of the time period is there no television in iceland ?
3 Who is the head of the World Bank ?
4 what country is the beginning of the band the creeps ?
0 Describe the Long March .
3 Who built the first successful stern wheel steamboat ?
1 What color is the lipstick on Boy George 's wax lips at London 's Madame Tussaud 's ?
0 what is the main use of sodium hydrosulfite ?
5 what 's men 's score on a 455-yard golf hole ?
3 Who is Count Cinzano ?
1 what 's the word for broken glass or sharp rocks embedded in cement on top of a rampart ?
3 what reproductive structure-topped actress was known as the brazilian bombshell ?
3 what future president became senate number whip under harry truman ?
3 What baseball team owner and sailor is known as The Mouth of the South ?
0 what is `` cat-o'-nine-tails scratch fever '' ?
1 What dog was dubbed The Mortgage Lifter ?
3 what british female pop singing star of the 1960s and early 1970s was a child actress in the 1940s and 'large integer ?
4 what political unit 's flag is field green ?
3 what famous british performer lost his voice after an operation in 1966 ?
5 what amount of money did the philippine ex-dictator marcos steal from the department of the treasury ?
0 What is the Amish religion ?
1 what is a emotion of women ?
4 what north american city sprouts the most room meters ?
3 What culture developed the idea of potlatch ?
1 what publication is the follow-up to future shock ?
0 what baseball expression came from the nautical term for ship sailing between the atlantic and pacific before the panama canal ?
1 What was the first video ever made ?
3 what 's the name of the celestial body of the cooking show , `` galloping gourmet '' ?
5 what are the dimensions of an ice hockey content ?
5 what was the first minimum regular payment ?
5 what year did montana become a administrative district ?
3 what multitalented academy-award-winning director failed a college course in movement-picture production ?
0 what article in the u.s. constitution may not be changed , altered or amended ?
4 Where are the 49 steps ?
1 name the men 's cologne that is associated with the body of water .
1 what 1953 product won frank sinatra a best supporting actor oscar ?
5 when did fraze get his first patent for the propulsion-tab can ?
1 what document appears on the cold-water tap in spain ?
4 what new hampshire community rises early to vote first in u.s. presidential elections ?
3 who were the picts ?
5 how long does it take the typical chicken to lay 19 dozen eggs ?
1 what is a emotion of worms ?
3 who died with more than 1 , 000 u.s. patents to his approval ?
0 what is the message of jesus ?
3 What multitalented Academy-award-winning director failed a college course in motion-picture production ?
5 how much can a person be fined for having a canine on a beach ?
1 what is a fear of reptile ?
0 what is a virtual ip code ?
0 what is the point of the word `` tampon '' ?
1 what were hairy bank notes in the fur craft ?
3 who developed the first polio vaccine ?
1 what war did florence nightingale tend the force in ?
3 what are the top male names in the u.s. ?
3 which bourbon king was restored to the french toilet during napoleon 's abdication ?
3 what international social group was founded by clara barton ?
1 what would you add to the mud mixture to produce bone china ?
0 what doeinsteiniums einsteinium=mc2 meinsteiniuman ?
5 how many quarts of whole milk is needed to make one egyptian pound of butter ?
5 what is the average salary of a scientist ?
0 how do you reference a web site ?
5 what is the highest amount of home runs on record for any one game ?
4 what city gained renown for its legume-soup fogs ?
3 who was the woman in peter sellers 's soup ?
3 what mayor made so many tv appearance he was asked to join aftra in 1984 ?
0 why are body part transplants more successful today ?
3 in dana 's `` two years before the mast , '' what seafarers lived in an abandoned oven on the geological formation at san diego ?
3 Who was the actor who played Sam in the movie Casablanca ?
1 which killer giant died at sea world of a fungal infection ?
5 how many states have a `` lemon jurisprudence '' for new automobiles ?
3 what british general surrendered to the colonial united states army at saratoga ?
1 what 's the most popular form of gambling with adult in las vegas ?
0 how did shipyard examiner james j. kilroy designate equipment as being satisfactory ?
0 what commodity are mosquitoes ?
3 what female defendant in the game of clue is single ?
3 who is section manager for guidance and control system at jpl ?
3 who sings the message for `` dawson 's creek '' and `` felicity '' ?
4 what island got their name from the spanish baja mar , meaning shallow water ?
3 who was the captain of the tanker , exxon valdez , involved in the oil spill in prince william sound , alaska , 1989 ?
3 In the past 8 years who have the MVP players for the NHL been ?
0 what is the point of the atom ?
0 how do you clean an lcd supervisor screen ?
0 what is the beginning of `` barbeque '' ?
0 what are the most common causes of end in the u.s. ?
3 who was the girlfriend in peter sellers 's soup ?
5 How old was Sir Edmund Hillary when he climbed Mt. Everest ?
3 name the three races unleashed by the celestials in marvel cartoon .
3 what famous british actor lost his voice after an process in 1966 ?
1 what is the characteristic of a washington redskin 's fan ?
3 Who invented the electric guitar ?
3 who created the fantastic four , hulk , and thor ?
1 What was the name of the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?
3 name the child left on a doorsill at the beginning of gasoline alley .
4 where does the weird shape of the dinner aquatic vertebrate knife originate from ?
3 what is the full language unit of the man who invented the multicolored game cube that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations ?
4 what structure do the miami dolphins play their home games in ?
4 what u.s. administrative district has sagebrush as its administrative district flower ?
3 what army 's saying is blood and fire ?
4 Where is the Kalahari desert ?
1 what tale has the moral : `` he world health organization wants everything gets nothing '' ?
0 How do you get to the top of the Eiffel Tower ?
4 What is the name of the gulf between Sweden and Finland ?
3 what number did alexandre dumas write about ?
5 on what date did rosa parks become a symbol of the civil rights movement for refusing to give up her seat on the busbar ?
5 how many people on the object were killed from the bombing of pan am flight 103 over lockerbie , scotland , december 21 , cd .
4 What country 's capital is Lagos ?
1 what term means a sexual attraction between a animal and a feanimal ?
1 what material in red wine is good for the heart and what exactly does it do to your body ?
0 how do i find if my relative were on the trail of tears ?
5 what does an average daycare businessperson get paid in new england ?
3 who invented the fax car ?
5 what century 's the setting for tv 's the adventures of robin hood ?
3 who founded the unification church ?
1 What trophy is awarded to the winners of the Super Bowl ?
0 what is the point of the word , jj .
0 what are amaretto quick bread ?
5 What time of year has the most air travel ?
0 how do hymenopterous insect have sex ?
5 how many mountains have been named for presidents in the continental usa ?
3 who played the part of the godfather in the movie , ` the godfather ' ?
5 how many canadians emmigrate each time period ?
4 what country have the largest armed forces in the world ?
3 name the three contest unleashed by the celestials in marvel comics .
3 what was the character of the medieval guild ?
3 what apollo 11 astronaut minded the storehouse while armstrong and aldrin made history ?
5 what is the cost of the drugs used in tuberculosis care ?
0 What does the name `` Anthony '' mean ?
5 how many academic degree cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
4 what 's the second-highest batch in the world ?
1 What is kept in Fort Knox that is so valuable ?
1 what instrumentality is stuart hamblen the first singing cowboy in ?
1 what is a concern of food ?
5 what is columbia tristar 's phone act ?
0 What is object-oriented design ?
0 what is the hair style called that new military enlisted man receive ?
3 who was named admiral of the ocean seas and viceroy and governor general of all the islands he might discover , and also granted 10-?? of all profits of his ocean trip .
4 what crack showers ash on sicily ?
3 What presidential press secretary dismissed Watergate as a third-rate burglary attempt ?
0 What are the major differences in the Catholic and Methodist religions ?
4 where could i go to take a drive on a steam locomotive ?
0 What is moxie ?
5 what is the average fourth dimension to kiss somene ?
5 how much folic acid should a pregnant woman get each sidereal day ?
5 how much do drugs to treat infectious disease cost ?
3 what was the name of the female offspring of the virginia chief powhatan that married john rolfe ?
0 why are the auricle your center of balance ?
4 what countries have the highest ratio of university student ?
1 what british tv series inspired all in the family ?
3 who was the first english circumnavigator of the globe ?
5 how many traveler go to the vatican each year ?
5 what is the measure that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?
3 who created dennis the menace ?
5 how many poem did shakespeare write ?
5 how many hostage were killed in the entebbe raid ?
4 where did woodstock take seat ?
4 what two countries ' coastline border the bay of biscay ?
5 how many wings does a ectoparasite have ?
0 How did P.T. Barnum bill the diminutive Charles S. Stratton ?
5 how many people in the natural object speak french ?
5 what amount of money did the philippine ex-authoritarian marcos steal from the treasury ?
4 on which hawaiian land is pearl harbor ?
0 what is the origin of thank you written record ?
1 what interesting method was used to run the credit rating in the early popeye cartoons ?
1 which operating instrumentality runs on ibm-compatible machines ?
5 In what year did the Bounty mutiny happen ?
1 what organism causes the biggest threat to humans ?
5 how many corners does a fore-and-aft sail have ?
5 how many south american countries have the letter z in their name ?
4 Where can I find information on becoming a journalist ?
1 what is california 's state dame ?
4 where can i find data on becoming a journalist ?
1 what 's the geographic term for the submerged boundary of a continent ?
4 what is the second highest mountain limit in the world ?
0 what is metallic element ?
5 How many sonnets did Shakespeare write ?
4 what rectangle is the geographical center of london ?
0 what is the difference between a generator and an generator ?
3 what is the name of the police officer who tried to keep club in top cat 's neighborhood ?
1 what j.r.r. tolkien book features gimli as a central imaginary being ?
1 What historical event happened in Dogtown in 1899 ?
1 what was a california entreaty book to an old west gambler ?
0 What is God ?
0 what 's nature 's function for tornadoes ?
1 what stringed weapon fire a bolt ?
3 what company 's hallmark was his master 's voice ?
3 what is the most common son 's or girl 's name ?
5 How much did Mercury spend on advertising in 1993 ?
4 what is the savoir-faire for the main government office in rome , italy ?
1 what does a cook coddle eggs in ?
3 what fictional fictional character is known as the `` melancholy dane '' ?
3 who is johnny carson ?
3 what government department did the untouchables employment for ?
1 name a method widely used to detect birth defects ?
1 what soft drink not only has its own video recording game , but was featured in its own marvel comic book ?
0 what is the origin of the expression `` four-letter discussion '' ?
0 what is the point of the term `` the brooklyn side '' in bowling ?
5 how many url extensions are there ? and what are they ?
3 What Argentine revolutionary fought with Castro and died in Bolivia in May , 1979 ?
0 what is a hydrogen bail ?
3 who shot billy the kid ?
3 what company uses the unfamiliar faces of its fame spokespeople to promote the use of its product ?
4 what country has declared one-fifth of its territory off-terminus ad quem to russians ?
4 which is the wealthiest country in the natural object ?
4 what california alcove 's largest island is angel island ?
1 what 's the term for a rock deposit rising from the floor of a cave ?
0 how does ultraviolet light change the dna of skin cells ?
0 what is the milky way ?
5 How many acres in a mile ?
0 what must a las vegas blackjack oak dealer do when he reaches 16 ?
0 why is it called `` cut of porkburger '' if there is no cut of pork in it ?
5 how old is the natural object ?
3 what comedian hit the tv screen in 1951 with the nbc afternoon show time for ernie ?
1 what do penguin eat ?
0 how do i get my lan circuit board activated so that it can hook up to another computer without using a hub ?
1 what 's the international radio code word for the document f ?
4 what state of matter was named the green mountain state of matter ?
0 what is an auto-comment ?
0 what is meant by the condition `` yield to maturity '' in reference to bonds ?
5 what are the dimensions of an methamphetamine hockey goal ?
3 who founded the modern theory of probability ?
0 what do i have to do to get good gathering in school ?
5 what month were you born in if your birthstone is onyx ?
1 what knight did zorro ride ?
4 Where did the Wright brothers make their first flight ?
1 what tv quiz show left the gas in 1975 to the tune of vera lynn 's we 'll meet again ?
3 who was the professional for randy craft ?
4 what political unit was erich honecker the leader of ?
1 what was the first lifesaver spirit ?
1 what flower did vincent van gogh coating ?
3 who wrote the ugly duckling ?
1 what is the language unit of the american literary era that includes 1896 ?
3 What is Li 'l Abner 's last name ?
1 which comic publication was not spawned directly from the pulp magazines ?
1 what foods contain nutriment b12 ?
0 why are organ transplants more successful present ?
3 what tv detective did craig stevens play ?
3 who is the musician of `` canon in d major '' ?
0 How has TV affected our society ?
4 what city has the two steepest thoroughfare in the u.s. ?
4 what municipality did the mormons establish as their headquarters in 1847 ?
1 what kind of organism are the canary islands named for ?
3 Who played the part of the Godfather in the movie , ` The Godfather ' ?
4 what nation has the best defensive position in the board game diplomacy ?
3 who won the 1967 academy award for best actor ?
0 What is a specimen of basidiomycetes ?
3 who is the film director of the international group called the human genome organization , hugo , that is trying to coordinate gene-mapping research worldwide ?
4 which nation is the largest nation in latin america ?
2 what does nn o `` mean when used as a prefix in irish name ?
4 What California bridge was Don Brown the first to cross , on May 27 , 1937 ?
5 how many couple of legs does a lobster have ?
4 what nation did the nile river originate in ?
4 where does ray bradbury 's chronicles take point ?
1 What product 's ads claim that it `` eliminates odors , kills household germs , mold , and mildew '' ?
1 what 's the term for a bet before game are dealt ?
3 what performer has a legendary reputation for stealing jokes ?
1 what four human body does gold occur in ?
1 what is the correct way to mount a roll of toilet newspaper ?
5 When did the `` Star-Spangled Banner '' become the national anthem ?
3 who wrote the book , `` huckleberry finn '' ?
3 which police department made the largest cocaine attack ever in ventura county ?
0 what are those little blue reflector in the middle of the road for ?
1 What hair color can I use to just cover a little gray ?
3 which of the pursuit did not receive a 1983 `` outstanding mother award '' from the national mother 's day committee ?
0 what will happen when metallic element is put in water ?
3 what television network flogged its sports programming on inga nielsen 's consistency in 197 ?
3 what cougar popularized soup cans and brillo soap pad boxes ?
1 What 's the best way to lose the flab under your chin and around your face ?
5 what time period , date , and year did charles i die ?
5 how much time does the blinking of an sense organ take ?
4 where on the internet can i get message about the fifth amendment on the american bill of rights ?
5 what was the target rate for m3 emergence in 1992 ?
1 what are the different approaches of systems psychoanalysis ?
3 who wrote the lyric to porgy and bess ?
1 what commodity 's shortage was the largest single factor in keeping north american cars off the road during world war ii ?
3 what camera company said , `` if you haven 't got the case , we 've got the camera ? ''
5 where does the u.s. rank among world countries in region ?
0 what is class ?
1 what film featured shirley maclaine as a prostitute and jack lemmon as a wrongdoer ?
1 what kind of a sports unit is the wisconsin badgers ?
0 why is the discussion `` abbreviation '' so long ?
5 how many plot are played in a five-team round-robin tournament ?
0 what are pomegranate ?
3 who said : `` the victor will never be asked if he told the truth '' ?
0 what does a red iris mean in auto racing ?
0 How do you use `` farther '' as opposed to `` further '' ?
4 what new york city landmark has 168 stairway to its crown ?
0 what is object-oriented blueprint ?
4 what nation imposed the berlin blockade in 1948 ?
3 which of the following tv newsmen was a rhodes scholar ?
4 What country was Erich Honecker the leader of ?
4 Where are the leading medical groups specializing in lung diseases ?
4 what celestial consistency has a diameter of 864 , 000 miles ?
0 how do plant make food ?
5 how long is human biological time ?
0 how do you calculate the happening in enthalpy of a chemical reaction ?
3 who portrayed dracula in hammer studios ' product ?
3 what cruise line does kathie lee gifford advertise for ?
4 where could i go to take a ride on a vapor locomotive ?
3 who wrote the song , `` stardust '' ?
1 where is the human body covering least sensitive ?
3 who does the advertizing for frito-lay ?
5 how many penny-farthings are there on a trivial pursuit game committee ?
1 What magazine gives us the cream , not the skim ?
5 how much does it cost , average or whatever is available , to produce and send rubbish mail catalogues in the us ? , dt cd nn nn ,
4 what political unit 's people are the top television watchers ?
4 what 's the second-largest land in the world ?
3 who portrayed carl bernstein in all the president 's men ?
1 what are the 7 principle of learning from the institute for research on learning , irl ?
4 what political unit was sir edmund hillary born in ?
1 What are the diseases that can be cured by black cumin ?
5 what was thatcher 's approval appraisal after 10 years in power ?
1 what does the method acting called `` cold fusion '' create ?
4 where can i find full written negotiable instrument of ctbt ?
5 how many liberty acoustic device have there been ?
3 who was the author of the famous fairy tale `` snow white and seven dwarfs '' ?
5 what was the amount of assassinations and attempts to assassinate in the u.s. since 1865 ?
1 what 's the biggest-selling u.s. magazine aimed at a black gathering ?
3 Who plays the cop in the movie `` Kindergarten Cop '' ?
4 What country will hit the year 2 first ?
0 What is the half-life of P-32 ?
1 What is the Scotch `` for people who know the difference '' ?
3 whose representation is alleged to be on the shroud of turin ?
3 what performer was born allen stewart konigsberg ?
0 what are chloroplast ?
1 what is the term that describes a word where only one activity has been recorded in all literature ?
5 how many multitude have been killed in wars , armed conflicts ?
5 how many square feet is bill gates ' residence ?
1 which limb does a cat move with its left front limb when walking - its left rear or right rear limb ?
5 how many bytes are in a computer memory unit ?
1 What 's the only color Johnny Cash wears on stage ?
4 what continent 's language unit appears on the upper left corner of a budweiser label ?
1 to what does microsoft 's windows 3 owe its achiever ?
1 what organism can live the longest without food ?
3 what actor and world war ii airman had a $5 , 0 reward put on his head by hermann goering ?
3 what toy company is the worldly concern 's no.1 maker of female apparel ?
3 Who is Stein Eriksen ?
1 what does the method called `` cold coalition '' create ?
4 What 's the oldest capital city in the Americas ?
3 name the body of which woodrow wilson was president .
1 What 's the second-most-used murder weapon in the U.S. ?
3 What was Al Capone 's nickname ?
5 how many canine pull a sled in the iditarod ?
1 what computer operating system is on the most calculator ?
1 What Peter Blatty novel recounts the horrors of Regan MacNeil 's possession by the devil ?
1 what kind of bridge is the golden gate bridge ?
1 what is the care for depression ?
1 what semblance is magenta made of ?
4 what tokyo thoroughfare glitters with famed department stores and nightclubs ?
4 where can i find the schematics to the screen wiper mechanism ?
5 How tall is the giraffe ?
3 who won the football world cup in ?
0 why are sometimes your hands cold , but the part of you isn 't ?
4 what mountain range is traversed by the highest line in the world ?
4 what political unit was brian boru an 11th-century king of ?
1 what scale measures geological phenomenon ?
3 what does nicholas cage do for a experience ?
3 who lived on the geological formation of the gitchee gumee river ?
1 what maneuver did clinton take to avoid the draft ?
3 what was the christian language unit of the title character in our miss brooks ?
1 What Broadway musical was inspired by Cervantes 's Don Quixote ?
0 what effect does friction have on perpetual visual communication ?
5 what was the reference point rate for m3 growth in 1992 ?
5 In what year did Thatcher gain power ?
0 What 's the motto of the Boy Scouts ?
3 who wrote ` dubliners ' ?
3 which former ku klux klan member won an elected place of business in the u.s. ?
1 what is the name of the vaccine for poultry pox ?
0 How does a submarine operate ?
1 what is a product that kevin costner made about sioux indians ?
5 what are the duration of pearl necklaces ?
3 who advised listeners to `` see the u.s.a. in your chevrolet '' ?
1 what panic of the sea did johnny horton sing about ?
0 How did Rocky Marciano die ?
0 why do outdoor game bring luck ?
5 how many people in the usa say their number one point of information is the newspaper ?
0 what is meant by the term `` yield to maturity '' in reference to attraction ?
4 what london street claims to be the world plaza for men 's tailoring ?
0 what is the history of spartacus , the roman person and gladiator ?
3 who declared : `` i am down on whores and i shan 'deoxythymidine monophosphate sdeoxythymidine monophosphateop ripping deoxythymidine monophosphatehem '' ?
5 What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
1 what do opposite boldness of a die always add up to ?
3 Who makes the `` cross-your-heart bra '' ?
0 how do physical phenomenon form ?
0 What is goulash ?
1 what film featured a snarly fictional character named kid shelleen ?
0 what is a connective tissue marrow transplant ?
5 how many semblance are there in the spectrum ?
3 what multitalented academy-award-winning director failed a college course in motion-representation production ?
3 what actor dressed up as santa claus and had a once-a-year affair with actress shelley winters every christmas for many class ?
3 what 's the name of tom sawyer 's kinswoman with whom he lives ?
0 What are the Baltic States ?
0 How can you tell if someone is lying ?
3 Name the creator of `` The Muppets '' .
4 where does the weird shape of the dinner fish tongue originate from ?
3 who was chairman of the senate select committee that tried to get to the bottomland of watergate ?
0 why did several san diego schools remove apples from student menus ?
0 why do roosters sing at five o 'timepiece in the morning ?
0 why is the satellite different sizes and colors ?
4 what nation is famous for persian rugs ?
4 Where do the Grimace and Mayor McCheese live ?
3 what american naval officer broke japan 's isolationist plan of action in 1853 ?
0 How can you be happy ?
1 what tennis term is said to come from the french word for testis ?
5 What year did Apartheid start ?
1 What are the three secondary colors ?
5 what is the magnitude of the largest akita ?
3 who starred with charlie chaplin in modern times and the great dictator ?
3 Who was Ben Casey 's boss ?
0 how do you determine if a calculator monitor has an svga adapter ?
4 what nation did the nazis occupy for 1 , cd nns in nnp nnp nnp .
4 What island group contains Jersey , Guernsey , Sark and Herm ?
4 where can i find data on the narragansett indians and other tribes in rhode island ?
4 what is a reliable tract that i can download heretic 2 ?
1 which medium is hamblen the first singing ranch hand in ?
3 who invented the activity scrabble ?
0 why do they call a sandwich a sandwich when there is no ham ?
4 what is the tallest structure in japan ?
1 what 1976 deep throat clone provides the leading dame with a second larynx ?
4 what are some good medical sites for message ?
5 what is judy garland 's date of beginning ?
1 what `` little red car '' is mentioned in pop musician prince 's hit song ?
5 how many `` opinion '' does a coconut have ?
4 what asian nation once thrilled to the sport of cricket fighting ?
0 how does the process affect the flight of a kite ?
3 What U.S. senator once played basketball for the New York Knicks ?
3 When called upon to surrender , what American general replied , `` Sir , I have not yet begun to fight . '' ?
0 what makes dadcorn dad ?
1 what was the name of the u.s. navy boat in the film the sand pebbles ?
3 who started the dominos pizza chain ?
4 where can i find correct yellow journalism for third eye blind songs ?
1 what kind of department of education do i need to become a flight attendant ?
5 How many holes are there in a tenpin bowling ball ?
1 which of the five awareness develops first ?
0 how do you exterminate bees that are in the walls of your home ? will bee foodstuff remain over winter ?
5 how much of the nation 's child between the ages of two and eleven watch ` the simpsons ' ?
3 What is the full name of the man who invented the multicolored game cube that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations ?
1 What was the tragedy that struck the city of Dogtown in 1899 ?
0 why did the aztecs first think the spanish were gods ?
3 who is the voice of miss piggy ?
1 what is the most efficient way to start a dish ?
3 who wrote the book , `` huckleberry finn '' ?
3 who shot billy the kid ?
0 what causes blue game equipment ?
4 name the country of giant star twelve times the size of man in `` gulliver 's travels . ''
3 what rock abstraction raised a ruckus at the white house by singing american woman ?
5 what are the three winter months in the southern geographical area ?
3 Who was the first X-Man to die in battle ?
4 what two political unit in south america are landlocked ?
1 Which killer whale died at Sea World of a fungal infection ?
0 what causes ferric oxide ?
5 How many months does a normal human pregnancy last ?
5 how much did varian associates try to sell its emptiness products division to the boc group for ?
5 How many equal sides are there on a scalene triangle ?
0 how is a hydrogen explosive device different from a nuclear explosive device ?
1 what is the only gland in group that can regenerate itself ?
1 what is the treatment for psychological state ?
4 What state is Mount McKinley in ?
1 what are all the different category of contraceptives ?
1 name the two mystical corvine bird odin has at his command .
3 who directed the first woody woodpecker cartoon ?
4 what country did the nazis occupy for 1 , cd nns in nnp nnp nnp .
0 what effects do compound have on the environment ?
0 what effect does a prism have on actinic radiation ?
0 how can person predict weather by observing clouds ?
1 what is a concern of night or darkness ?
1 what penalty space lies between baltic avenue and reading railroad on a monopoly committee ?
3 who was the lawyer who represented randy steven craft ?
3 which classical spanish writer said `` all that glitter is not gold '' ?
0 what is the origin of the rock isthmus led zeppelin 's name ?
3 what information can you tell me about performer james cromwell ?
5 what calendar month were you born in if your birthstone is sardonyx ?
4 where does the classical music singer ileana cotrubas come from ?
4 what celestial body has a diameter of 864 , 000 linear unit ?
5 What is the current ticket fare from from Cairo to Barbados ?
0 what is the past of hot wheels cars , and how are they produced ?
1 what 's the language unit for broken glass or sharp rocks embedded in cement on top of a wall ?
1 what is the name of the disease that actress hunter tylo 's child girl has ?
3 who wrote ` dubliners ' ?
4 what is the language unit of the country which hitler ruled ?
0 what is in baby gunpowder and baby lotion that makes it smell the way it does ?
1 what literary classic centers on the search for a wealth in gold worth 7 , 0 pounds ?
0 what is zoology ?
5 What is the airport code for Los Angeles International ?
3 what was the language unit of the first russian astronaut to do a spacewalk ?
0 How does marl form and what mineral does it contain ?
3 what wrestling ace became `` the incredible hulk '' ?
5 on average , how many miles are there to the satellite ?
1 what is dr. seuss ' most popular script ?
4 what political unit was general douglas mcarthur in when he was recalled by president truman ?
0 Why do USA fax machines not work in UK , NNP ?
0 What does it mean `` Rupee Depreciates '' ?
1 what type of exercise burns the most calorie ?
1 What line divided the North and South in the U.S. Civil War ?
3 in the past 8 years United Nations agency have the mvp players for the nhl been ?
3 What is the name of the American who was captured when his plane went down over Syrian-held Lebanon ?
3 who is stein eriksen ?
3 Who is the current UN Secretary General ?
0 what is the origin of the term `` buffalo means '' that is used as a menu item in bars across the nation for chicken means in a spicey sauce ?
3 what california governor said : `` inaction may be the highest form of action '' ?
0 What is the proof that houseplants metabolize carcinogens ?
1 What 1965 film had Jack Lemmon portraying a cartoonist ?
5 how long do anchorite crabs live ?
3 who was the ace of leave it to beaver ?
3 who was the diviner of the jewish people ?
1 what are the names of all the u.s. navy aircraft traveler ?
0 how do you get rid on piciform bird ?
0 from what origin does tuberculosis stem ?
4 where can i find a lesson plan for teaching the metric system conversion to american system of measurement ?
0 what is the quality between a generator and an alternator ?
1 what do bicornate animal have two of ?
1 what movie marked robert redford 's directorial debut ?
0 how do ant have sex ?
1 What is a fear of jealousy ?
3 what tv character said ; `` one of these days , alice , pow , right in the kisser '' ?
1 what is the most widely cultivated building complex ?
4 what building built in 18 contains 327 nautical mile of book shelves ?
3 When not adventuring on Rann , what does Adam Strange call his profession ?
5 what will the increase be in the california flatulence tax by 2000 ?
2 What does A&W of root beer fame stand for ?
3 what are the first names of the famous husband-and-wife activity team of lunt and fontanne ?
0 how can i find online spelling , and punctuation drills for my 6th critic ?
2 what does the act `` 5 '' stand for on fubu clothing ?
3 name dick tracy 's two juvenile .
0 what are fault in the earth 's crust ?
5 how many degrees refrigerator is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
3 who received the will rogers award in 1989 ?
0 what is recruitment consultation technique ?
5 How many astronauts have been on the moon ?
3 who is the son-in-law of sen. everett dirkson who was also a senator in the '70 's ?
3 what female cougar produced primitives of rural new england life ?
3 who was the first black golfer to tee off in the masters ?
1 What animals acted as lapwarmers for American colonists in church ?
1 what was the name of the television show , starring karl madsen , that had san francisco in the championship ?
1 what brand of jeans did calvin klein admit in a 1984 consultation he felt more comfortable wearing ?
3 who is mia farrow 's parent ?
1 what soft helping tells us to `` go hawaiian '' ?
3 What level of government or governmental agency is responsible for dealing with racism ?
1 name the disposable edge tool that `` costs about 19 cents . ''
1 what kind of diversion is often associated with hooligans ?
3 what baseball star turned down a $1 , 000-a-year written agreement because he felt he had n't earned it ?
4 what is the language unit of the city that maurizio pellegrin lives in ?
0 why does cotton get caught in belly fastener ?
3 what 's the name of the star of the cooking entertainment , `` galloping gourmet '' ?
0 why do airliner crash vs. gliding down ?
0 why do people get pilomotor reflex when they have something emotional happen to them , like when they hear a beautiful piece of music , or see something beautiful , or get aroused by someone they love ?
1 which side of the face do most artist tend to show more of in self-portraits ?
1 what is a concern of drinking ?
3 what video recording game hero do some of his fans call chomper ?
5 what phone act can i call to have a tree planted ?
3 who is ishmael in moby dick ?
3 what radio receiver station did paul harvey work for ?
1 What is the most common kind of skin cancer in the U.S. ?
4 what constellation contains the crystal castor and pollux ?
1 what fuel do airplane use ?
0 what is psychotherapy ?
3 who was the star spectator at the senate watergate hearings ?
1 what were the first frozen substance ?
3 who makes chicken `` finger lickin '' good ?
5 How many elephants are left on earth ?
4 what lake is the point of the white nile ?
0 what is the hair property called that new military recruits receive ?
1 what is the name of the vaccine for chicken venereal disease ?
0 what is the beginning of thank you notes ?
1 what are the terminology spoken by the natives in afghanistan ?
4 what nation contains africa 's northernmost point ?
4 where are the austerlitz and victor hugo railway stops ?
4 where in a woody plant does photosynthesis occur ?
0 What is a ` borrow pit ' ?
4 what u.s. state has subshrub as its state flower ?
3 name the ranger United Nations agency was always after yogi bear .
0 why does a machine , e.g. a car tire , appear to spin in the opposite direction as it slows down ?
1 what was the killer whale United Nations agency died at sea world of a fungal infection named ?
1 What was the worst hurricane ?
1 what is the one situation you need before you can purchase life insurance ?
1 What layer of the atmosphere contains most of the ozone layer ?
3 what cable net bills itself as `` the family entertainer '' ?
1 what do you call a date that contains sequencing book , like 9-8-98 ?
4 what are the top five oil-producing political unit in the world ?
1 what comic comic strip sometimes features a mailman named beasley ?
0 What is the origin of the name Katie ?
1 what feud ended with a marital status in kentucky on march 21 , 1891 ?
5 how many three-letter permutations can be made from the four culture : c ?
3 who is the superstar in annuity in advance-a-cars ?
3 who played sally rogers on the dick van dyke show ?
4 what south american municipality features the exclusive copacabana beach and ipanema ?
3 what was fred astaire 's dancing collaborator 's name ?
5 how many political unit watch mtv europe ?
3 What bread company used to feature stickers of the Cisco Kid on the ends of their packages ?
1 What did Aaron Hass write ?
4 what london depository features a chamber of horrors ?
1 what are the various structure in which one can measure it user satisfaction level ?
3 what jewel producer controls about 80% of the world 's jewels ?
5 How many years ago did the ship Titanic sink ?
3 who received the will rogers award in 1989 ?
5 how many hearts does an seafood have ?
4 what countries have the largest armed forces in the natural object ?
0 what is the blueprint of the ship titanic ?
1 How do you say 2 in Latin ?
5 how many e-transaction companies are started every day ?
4 What South Korean city is served by Kimpo International Airport ?
5 When did the Dow first reach ?
4 what path do most baseball pitchers pitch toward ?
4 What famed London criminal court was once a feudal castle ?
0 how do you look up criminal records on the internet ?
1 what chemical in red wine is good for the heart and what exactly does it do to your consistency ?
5 How many people are there in the world ?
3 what athlete makes the most money from sports commodity sales ?
4 what tokyo street glitters with famed division stores and nightclubs ?
3 Who is Snoopy 's arch-enemy ?
1 what invention does the generalization of conservation of energy make impossible ?
3 what italian person had a lifelong fear of the evil eye ?
5 when did spain and korea start ambassadorial social relation ?
1 what computer operating organization is on the most computers ?
3 who is the prophet of medina ?
1 What are the three animals in Sheila Burnford 's The Incredible Journey ?
1 what is a fear of pain ?
1 what is california 's state of matter bird ?
1 what 's the name of the tampa press ?
5 what 's the fahrenheit cognition of zero degrees centigrade ?
0 why are crystal cream sundaes called sundaes ?
3 who is the diviner that is most connected to the dead sea ?
4 what municipality does mccarren airport serve ?
1 what hair visual property can i use to just cover a little gray ?
0 how does the tail affect the flight of a check ?
5 how many wife did brigham young have ?
3 what `` marvelous '' major-league baseball player is now a spokesman for a beer institution ?
4 what is thantioxidant wantioxidantb addrantioxidantss of thantioxidant list of antioxidant-mail addrantioxidantssantioxidants of mantioxidantmbantioxidantrs of thantioxidant housantioxidant of rantioxidantprantioxidantsantioxidantntativantioxidants ?
5 How many muscles does the average adult use when going for a walk ?
5 How many varieties of apple are there ?
5 what can you be fined for having a pawl on a beach ?
4 what is bill gates of microsoft e-message address ?
3 who is the prophet that is most connected to the dead sea ?
1 what color of dry wine should be served with veal roasts and chop ?
4 what 's the farthest planet from the sunday ?
1 what is the name name of the chemical daminozide ?
4 where is the massive north korean nuclear building complex located ?
5 On average , how long time does it take to type a screenplay ?
3 in what high-risk business venture did jimmy the greek stake and lose ?
3 who coined the term nn internet `` in his novel nn neuromancer '' ?
0 what is the difference between optical and digital video recording ?
3 what job does the bouvier breed of dog perform ?
0 how do you convert vertebrate foot-pounds to vertebrate foot-inches ?
3 who replaced bert parks as the host of the miss america pageant ?
3 who is the mathematician that won the noble prize for literature in 1950 ?
3 what body produced the most winning super bowl quarterbacks ?
1 what were large integer of kids wearing on their heads in 1955 ?
1 What was the name of that popular song the Creeps sang ?
0 what is the daily duty of folic acid for an expectant mother ?
5 how many movie are made by the major studios in a year ?
1 what then-derogatory word was applied to the painters monet , sisley , pissarro , renoir and degas ?
1 What meter was invented by C.C. Magee in 1935 ?
1 what class of animals makes up more than two-thirds of known coinage ?
1 What is a fear of sinning ?
5 How big is a baby bald eagle ?
5 How much folic acid should an expectant mother get daily ?
4 what constellation represents a skilled worker with club and shield ?
1 What 12-hour cold medicine uses the formula `` 6 , 6 , 12 '' in its ads ?
5 what is columbia tristar 's electronic equipment number ?
3 what ethnic group introduced the content of potlatch ?
1 what four elements make up 90 proportion of the human body ?
1 what unit products are there for adult acne ?
1 What 1915 film was the first to gross $5 million ?
1 what war saw struggle at parrot 's beak and black virgin ?
3 what louisiana senator won a seat that had been held by his founder and mother ?
5 what time period was the setting for american graffiti ?
0 what is a virtual ip savoir-faire ?
3 name the poet of the poem which begins : i do not know much about spiritual beings ; but i think that the river is a strong brown spiritual being-sullen , and untamed ?
3 who is the current un secretary general ?
3 what company 's logo is a `` w '' in a ellipse ?
5 how many syllables are there in a course of hendecasyllabic poetry ?
4 what country boasts the most dam ?
0 what is a green wetland ?
5 How many pairs of wings does a tsetse fly have ?
4 What country is bounded in part by the Indian Ocean and Coral and Tasman seas ?
1 what color is the articulatortick on boy george 's wax articulator at london 's madame tussaud 's ?
0 how can a traveler get a u.s. social security card ?
0 what does the language unit `` anthony '' mean ?
4 what desert has the highest backbone dunes ?
1 what is a fear of passing high physical entity ?
1 what color is the eight-ball in pouch billiards ?
4 where on the internet can i get chemicals importer ?
1 what hermann hesse publication gave its name to a rock group ?
3 What team did baseball 's St. Louis Browns become ?
4 Where can I find a review of Nightmare on Elm Street in a film journal ?
5 what is the youngest age a male or girl can have an orgasm ?
1 what film ends with the course : `` this is mrs. norman maine '' ?
0 What is in baby powder and baby lotion that makes it smell the way it does ?
4 what are the only two states that incorporate the confederate battle iris in their iriss ?
5 what percent liked thatcher after she had been in ability for a decade ?
1 what is a fear of social control ?
5 What is the average time to kiss somene ?
4 where can i find the lyrics for the musical composition ` getting married today ' from the musical ` company ' ?
4 what are the four largest mountain compass on the asian continent ?
3 who was the russian ambassador to hungary during the 1956 uprising ?
0 what is a jake bracken ?
5 What is the amount of money owed for illegally having a dog on a beach ?
3 who was the first elected mayor of washington , d.c. ?
5 how many dog pull a sled in the iditarod ?
4 what political unit is famous for persian rugs ?
3 who created billy pilgrim , a survivor of the dresden storm ?
1 What kind of hat does Bat Masterson wear ?
1 What CBS soap opera was interrupted by the bulletin of John F. Kennedy 's assassination ?
3 name the God of `` the muppets '' .
4 what are the largest library in the us ?
5 In what year was De Gaulle elected president of France ?
4 What is the seafaring name for the southern tip of South America ?
4 what ocean is the largest in the natural object ?
5 how many layers of yellow coating is a faber mongol pencil lucky enough to be sprayed with ?
1 which is a real edible fruit : blackedible fruit , cranedible fruit , raspedible fruit , strawedible fruit ?
1 What does a chiropodist treat ?
3 who was the columbia pictures head who forged actor cliff robertson 's name on a $1 , 000 hindrance ?
5 what time period did charles dicken die ?
4 what celestial body gave bith to superman ?
0 what are people doing to help prevent the extinction of bird ?
3 what civil war general officer wreaked havoc on the south by marching through georgia on his way to the sea ?
4 what mountain range is traversed by the highest railroad in the worldly concern ?
4 what city has the natural object 's longest subway system ?
3 what institution 's trademark was his master 's voice ?
3 name the poet of the literary composition which begins : i do not know much about gods ; but i think that the river is a strong brown god-sullen , and untamed ?
1 what do the french margin call la manche ?
3 what u.s. vice-president of the united states killed alexander hamilton in a duel ?
4 where is it planned to berth the businessperson ship , lane victory , which businessperson marine veterans are converting into a floating museum ?
4 what body of water did the titanic sink in ?
3 what british female pop musical performance star of the 1960s and early 1970s was a child actress in the 1940s and '50s ?
0 Why is Chicago named Chicago ?
1 garry kasparov plays what activity ?
3 who was the first holy roman emperor ?
0 what is usenet for the internet ?
1 What 's the highest possible bid in Contract Bridge ?
5 how many were in attendance at the last supper ?
1 what is a concern of black people ?
3 who are the top 10 richest people in the worldly concern ?
5 When was Franklin D. Roosevelt stricken with polio ?
0 why are there no white formation on pro footballs ?
1 which thrilled taste bud first - snickers or 3 musketeers ?
5 when did cnn go on the gas ?
5 what time period was the first automobile manufactured ?
3 What actor came to dinner in Guess Who 's Coming to Dinner ?
3 who created dennis the menace ?
4 where can an individual get a contact optical device tested that burned the entire surface of eye when new ?
0 what is the past of buffalo chicken wings ?
5 What is the population of Ohio ?
0 what does the language unit ` alexandra ' mean ?
1 what is the language unit given to a group of geese ?
4 What three European countries begin with the letter A ?
3 Who was the inventor of the stove ?
4 Where can I buy a pony on the Big Island for my daughter ?
1 in what movie is the number nine found in the heading ?
0 What does the name `` Sheri '' mean ?
3 what french designer declared : `` the denim is the destructor ! it is a dictator ! it is destroying creativity. the denim must be stopped ! '' ?
0 how can i get someone 's email code ?
5 What are the dimensions of an ice hockey goal ?
3 what is the best art and design school in the natural object ?
0 how can i get some free technical data on electric vehicle ?
4 where can i get information concerning child hands files for the state of utah ?
1 what was the name of the situation comedy that alyssa milano starred in with tony danza ?
5 what fraction of a dress hat 's life is spent swimming ?
0 how can i find out how much financial gain tax is paid on social security financial gain on the 1998 financial gain tax ?
4 what city gained renown for its pea-dish fogs ?
3 what onetime member of ronald reagan 's cabinet called federal policy toward indians `` an information of the failure of socialism '' ?
3 what are the name of richard nixon 's two daughters ?
3 who advised listeners to `` see the u.s.a. in your chevrolet '' ?
3 who liberated 19th century sicily and naples ?
3 who protects dc comics ' region of dreams ?
1 what animal can live the longest without food ?
3 which company claimed to be `` the world 's biggest toy mercantile establishment '' ?
0 How do I tie dye clothes ?
0 what makes a crack turn ?
5 how many card game is each player dealt in contract bridge ?
3 who said : `` what contemptible unwelcome person stole the cork from my lunch ? ''
0 What are snowballs to a hot-rodder ?
5 how many celestial body are there on the soviet union 's flag ?
0 Why do some clothing labels say `` Use a nonchlorine bleach '' ?
1 what is a fear of body of water ?
4 what assets is built around monument circle which contains soldiers and sailors monument ?
0 what effect does friction have on perpetual movement ?
0 what do you know about multicultural and multilingual educational institution ?
3 what u.s. congressman said : `` keep the faith , child '' .
5 how long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the natural object ?
5 how many jews were executed in assiduity camps during wwii ?
3 What organization has a Security Council ?
5 how many miles of corridor are in the pentagon ?
0 What happened in dogtown in 1899 to make that year remembered ?
0 how did the tradition of best valet start ?
3 Who is the president of the Spanish government ?
3 what is the most common male 's or girl 's name ?
4 what municipality was john f. kennedy nominated for president in ?
4 Where is Poe 's birthplace ?
0 how do vending device tell if your dollar is a 1 or a 5 ?
1 what did walter huston remove to perform in the movie the treasure of the sierra madre ?
0 What is the Home Rule Act ?
4 what southern california town is named after a imaginary being made famous by edgar rice burroughs ?
4 What city was John F. Kennedy nominated for president in ?
5 how long does james bond like his egg boiled ?
3 what performer created a punch-drunk pugilist named cauliflower mcpugg ?
3 who wrote the poem that starts `` i love your articulator when they 're wet with wine and red with a warm desire '' ?
4 what u.s. administrative district ends with a g ?
3 what female painter produced primitives of rural new england animation ?
5 what is the speed of the mississippi river ?
1 What kind of education do I need to become a flight attendant ?
3 what woman has carried the most multiple births , twins , digit , etc. , ?
3 what ship's company 's trademark was his master 's voice ?
3 which member of the micronauts spent 1 time of life traveling the microverse in the marvel comics ?
3 What Chilean president was killed in a 1973 coup d 'etat ?
4 what is the oldest website on the internet ?
1 what tv series features the adventure of a married couple named jonathan and jennifer ?
1 what was the name of the killer whale that died of a fungal infection ?
3 who is the director of the international group called the human genome organization , hugo , that is trying to coordinate gene-mapping investigation worldwide ?
4 what city 's the kickoff point for ascent of mount everest ?
1 what 's the most popular contact lens visual property ?
1 which slope of the face do most artists tend to show more of in self-portraits ?
3 what famous bus said `` if you can 't beat 'em in the alley , you can 't beat 'em on the ice '' ?
2 what is the abbreviated construction for the national bureau of investigation ?
0 How is the election of a new Pope announced to the world ?
0 how does an ion propulsion work ?
5 how many more weeks of season are there if a ground hog sees his shadow ?
4 what are the three most populated country in the world ?
0 What is the claim to fame of Agra , India ?
1 what is the correct way to mount a roll of toilet material ?
5 what is the recomended age to switch a child from a baby bed to a bed ?
3 who has more dna - a man or a womanhood ?
1 What soft drink tells us to `` Go Hawaiian '' ?
4 What lake is Sheboygan on ?
4 What do most tourists visit in Reims ?
3 What President was assassinated by Charles J. Guiteau ?
3 what actor said in a day at the races : `` either he 's dead or my watch has stopped '' ?
3 which extremity of the micronauts spent 1 years traveling the microverse in the marvel comics ?
1 What is the fastest fish in the world ?
0 what is the difference between neoclassical artwork and romanticism artwork ?
0 What is Jane Goodall known for ?
0 How can I find out how much it costs to raise a baby for six months ?
4 where can i find a person 's address from a electronic equipment number ?
1 what organ contains the land of langerhans ?
0 what is the quality between optical and digital video ?
4 what u.s. state boasts stone mountain , the worldly concern 's largest mass of exposed granite ?
4 where can i get piano music for the jamiroquai birdcall everyday for the midi ?
4 What are the three most populated countries in the world ?
4 what nation is the largest diamond producer ?
4 what las vegas hotel burned in november , 1980 , with the passing of 84 lives ?
4 what was the first municipality to be chartered in vermont ?
0 how is fabric screening done ?
0 What are the rules to `` snow golf '' ?
5 In what year did they build the Berlin Wall ?
0 what is a bone marrow animal tissue meant for ?
4 what building are british head of state crowned in ?
0 how do i make fuel bricks from recycled press ?
0 Why do they call a hamburger a hamburger when there is no ham ?
1 What is the mascot for Notre Dame University ?
5 how many syllable are there in a line of hendecasyllabic poetry ?
3 Name the tree growing company .
5 how many time period can a nickel-cadmium rechargeable battery be recharged ?
5 How long do hermit crabs live ?
3 what well-known tv lecture show host was a lay preacher by the time he was seventeen ?
5 what time period was the avery dennison company founded ?
0 what is a mathematical agent ?
1 what newspaper returned a pulitzer prize for the fraudulent story jimmy 's world ?
1 what was organized as a confederate serviceman ' social club in pulaski , in tennessee , in 1866 ?
2 CPR is the abbreviation for what ?
0 how do i find the balance of my social security record ?
3 Who is Pia Zadora 's millionaire husband and mentor ?
4 what bordering nation is due north of costa rica ?
0 what 's the message of uol ?
1 what sport is chris jogis a top contestant of ?
4 What 's the name of a hotel in Indianapolis ?
0 What are shooting stars ?
5 How much iron is in your body ?
5 how many questions are on this situation ?
3 who is the sexiest women in the natural object ?
3 who was the performer who played sam in the movie casablanca ?
3 whose binding is that of an employee of universal import and export ?
1 What is another name for nearsightedness ?
3 what fast-substance magnate 's initials graced the left sleeve of the san diego padres ' baseball uniforms in 1984 ?
0 What would happen to Canada if Quebec separated ?
5 What is the current ticket fare from from Cairo to Barbados ?
0 how did super president gain his powers on the animated ordering ?
3 what south vietnamese president of the united states was assassinated by his generals in 1963 ?
3 Who were the Picts ?
1 madonna hocks which soft beverage ?
0 What is he doing now ?
1 what are the main liquid body substance vessels ?
3 what scottish writer penned to a mouse and to a louse ?
1 what future movie nutriment was introduced to american colonists in 1603 by native americans ?
1 what four word does gold occur in ?
4 where can i get information and statistic on countries and nations ?
4 what political unit comes last in an alphabetical list ?
5 how long does it take the typical american to eat 23 quarts of methamphetamine cream ?
1 What spice do chefs pay the most for ?
5 when was the big thompson geological phenomenon ?
3 what actor dressed up as santa claus and had a once-a-year affair with actress shelley winters every christmas for many time of life ?
4 Where can I get U.S. economic statistics ?
3 what tv comediennes 's fictional character include former movie star nora desmond , secretary mrs. wiggins and a housewife named eunice ?
5 How many stations do you shoot from in the basketball game `` Around the World '' ?
5 What is the cost of the drugs used in tuberculosis treatments ?
4 Where is Tornado Alley ?
4 what natural attractions draw the most traveler in the united states ?
1 What deck of cards includes the Wheel of Fortune , the Lovers , and Death ?
3 who makes the `` cross-your-heart brassiere '' ?
1 what is nero wolfe 's favorite drink during place of business hours ?
3 what fast-food businessman 's initials graced the left sleeve of the san diego padres ' baseball uniforms in 1984 ?
3 What TV sitcom character had the maiden name Ethel Potter ?
1 what tv station did mary richards work for ?
4 What U.S. state does the Continental Divide leave to enter Canada ?
1 what aesop 's falsehood has the moral : `` the race is not always to the swift. slow and steady is bound to win '' ?
3 who awarded the flying fickle finger of fate ?
1 what do group catch zoonose diseases from ?
3 who was gerald ford 's evil president ?
5 what is the pregnancy period for human pregnancies ?
1 what beer 's name is translated as `` lion alcohol '' ?
0 what is the deviation between a board of directors and an advisory board ?
1 what was the name of the 1899 policy forced on china by which all nation had equal trading rights ?
0 what are the benefits of a rowing car ?
1 What is the name of the Jewish alphabet ?
4 what is the web address of the database of e-mail addresses of members of the house of representatives ?
0 what is the difference between college and graduate educational institution ?
0 how does an ion drive activity ?
0 why do recipe books recommend starting with cold body of water when you boil something ?
4 what new england state carries the telephone area written communication 27 ?
1 what is the word for love of pain or mistreatment ?
4 what 's the longest river in the worldly concern ?
1 what gallinaceous bird grabs the spotlight after the chinese year of the monkey ?
1 what product is for kid , and not for silly rabbits ?
2 what does the amount `` 5 '' stand for on fubu clothing ?
1 What is Ray Bradbury 's illustrated man illustrated with ?
4 What bordering country is due north of Costa Rica ?
3 who tramped through florida looking for the fountain of youth ?
3 who wrote the book , `` the grinch who stole christmas '' ?
0 What is the origin of the word `` Teddy bear '' ?
3 What was Queen Victoria 's title regarding India ?
3 what hungarian cardinal was first a state prisoner and then a exile in the u.s. embassy 1956-1971 ?
3 who is reputed to be the greatest godhead of violins ?
3 what 's japan 's largest car business ?
2 What is LMDS ?
1 what type is a gastropod ?
1 What card suit originally represented the peasant class ?
3 what is the name of the indian who became prime clergyman by beating mrs. gandhi in the 1977 election ?
4 what people was jackson pollock ?
5 what date is richard nixon 's anniversary ?
1 what vladimir nabokov novel features professor humbert in emotion with a 12-year-old girl ?
4 where on the internet can i find data on laundry detergent ?
3 What has been the most common Christian name of U.S. presidents ?
3 who was santos-dumont ?
4 where can stocks be traded on-formation ?
3 what part did benjamin franklin play in the development of the press in america ?
0 how do chicken have baby chicks ?
3 who are the president of mexico and indonesia ?
1 what tv ordering changed the names to protect the innocent ?
1 what coloring material is an arctic fox in winter ?
0 How do you get rid on woodpeckers ?
5 what is the possibility of conceiving quadruplets ?
1 what 's the most popular four-contestant game of all time ?
1 what is the name for clouds that produce precipitation ?
4 what church was thomas becket murdered in ?
0 how can i find out my moon polarity ?
5 how many equal sides are there on a scalene polygon ?
1 name a technique widely used to detect birth blemish ?
3 Who did Sara Jane Moore try to assassinate ?
5 how many energy codes are there in the u.s. ?
3 what are the top ten all-fourth dimension money making nfl teams ?
1 what is a fear of physical phenomenon ?
1 what does an irate car businessman call iron oxide ?
5 what time does wee willie winkie run through the township ?
5 when was the first line from the east coast to the west coast completed ?
0 what exactly is energy ?
5 when was the first stained glass windowpane made ?
0 What are those little blue reflectors in the middle of the road for ?
0 what are the duty for becoming a citizen of australia ?
0 how can i find a tilt of celebrities ' real names ?
1 What British TV series featured Emma Peel ?
5 how many terminology does the pope speak ?
4 what political unit does the mont blanc tunnel join ?
0 why can 't women serve in the navy on board submersible ?
5 How many Gutenberg Bibles are there ?
4 What mountain range is traversed by the highest railroad in the world ?
1 what product was based on the play everybody comes to rick 's ?
3 what u.s. general was court-martialled for criticizing american air ability ?
3 whose covering is that of an employee of universal import and export ?
1 what were the ceremony content like during the elizabethian times ?
4 where can i find lyric for r&b ?
0 what exactly is the purpose of the echidna ?
4 what country is bounded in part by the indian ocean and coral and tasman body of water ?
1 what movie told of anna anderson 's claim to be a russian czar 's female offspring ?
1 what is a emotion of being alone ?
1 what is a fear of animal skin ?
5 how many events make up the athletic contest ?
1 what does the statue of liberty clothing on her feet ?
0 what is a virtual ip address ?
1 What two animals are specifically mentioned as being in Noah 's Ark ?
1 what is a term for behavior , quality , or expression that violates the accepted standards of sexual morality ?
3 rotary engines were manufactured by which institution ?
3 name a isthmus which was famous in the 1960 's .
0 what are manifest and latent routine theories ?
1 what is the high pitched sound property that you hear in your ear every now and then , but then it goes away , after a while ?
0 why does it say on child 's cough syrup not to drive while using this medication ?
3 what was the name of humphrey bogart 's baseball team in casablanca ?
0 what 's the deviation between tft and dual-scan display ?
3 who do herb and tootsie live next doorway to ?
1 what was the first gilbert and sullivan classical music ?
0 how do you match a name to a social security amount ?
1 what tv game show once saw a contestant admit to picking his toes in the shower ?
3 name pittsburgh 's ball game team .
1 what chemical do you get by mixing charcoal , sulfur and saltpeter ?
1 What ice creams contain seaweed ?
3 what poet wrote : `` ... i have promises to keep , and nautical mile to go before i sleep '' ?
5 What is the current unemployment rate in the U.S. ?
4 What Russian city boasts the Hermitage Museum ?
0 what is the deviation between a fruit and a vegetable ?
0 how do you determine heating requirements for your home plate ?
5 how many people are taller than 7 vertebrate foot ?
0 why do roosters sing at five o 'clock in the good morning ?
5 how much money can a person be fined for having a canine on a beach ?
0 What is the biblical meaning of ` stones ' ?
3 Who is the leader of Brunei ?
1 what is a concern of children ?
5 What is the approximate weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole ?
3 who was the first host of person to person ?
4 What prison is found in Ossining , New York ?
4 what country borders denmark to the geographical area ?
3 what are the top son names in the u.s. ?
3 what ship's company produces spumante ?
1 what are three structure in which wind is created on the earth ?
0 why are eggs supposed to be stored small extremity down ?
5 how many opening are there in a tenpin bowling ball ?
1 what visual property is mr. spock 's blood ?
4 where is the natural object 's most active volcano located ?
1 What plant is rum made from ?
5 when was the de beers institution founded ?
3 who made the deodorant that claimed that it `` actually builds up resistance to odor '' ?
3 name one of the major deity of hinduism .
3 what cable television network bills itself as `` the family entertainer '' ?
3 what is the name of the force officer who tried to keep order in top cat 's neighborhood ?
3 What title did Suzette Charles assume for two months in 1984 ?
0 what is the quality between a bachelor and a 1 bedroom apartment ?
3 What apostle is Taylor Caldwell 's Great Lion of God ?
0 What are hook worms ?
4 where is ayer 's natural object ?
3 What American naval officer broke Japan 's isolationist policy in 1853 ?
5 How high is the city of Denver ?
5 How many people visit the Pope each month ?
4 What river runs through Liverpool ?
5 how much will flatulence be taxed in california by the year 2000 ?
5 What 's the maximum number of clubs a golfer may use in a round ?
5 what is the chemical reactivity of chemical element ?
1 what book is subtitled the preservation of favoured races in the struggle for life ?
4 name the country of giants twelve times the size of adult in `` gulliver 's travels . ''
0 why do n't you guys have some sort of contest where you ask a question and whoever finds the statement wins a prize ?
1 what magazine paid $5 , 000 for an eight-millimeter movie of john f. kennedy 's assassination ?
3 what actor 's autobiography is titled shelley : also known as shirley ?
1 what is 55 time period sweeter than cane sugar ?
0 how can i find out how much it costs to raise a child for six months ?
3 What English queen had seventeen children ?
5 how much snow equals an column inch of rain ?
3 who wrote the poem that starts `` i love your sass when they 're wet with wine and red with a warm desire '' ?
3 who wrote ` hamlet ' ?
1 What 1895 H.G. Wells novel was written under the title The Chronic Argonauts ?
5 how many revolutions does a standard lp make in three moment ?
0 what do bee hives do in cranberry wetland ?
1 what four-legged creature did a cornell university study say would make man 's best companion in attribute ?
5 How many syllables are there in a line of hendecasyllabic poetry ?
3 who was in death of a salesman original movie , not 1985 ?
3 what television camera company said , `` if you haven 't got the time , we 've got the television camera ? ''
3 what corporate executive also became a supreme court justice ?
5 What is the time it takes a typist to type a screenplay that is 100 pages long ?
0 what is e-transaction ?
1 What book is subtitled The Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life ?
4 what country in 1998 had the most suicides regardless of population magnitude ?
0 how can i get causal agent 's email address ?
3 who has the only speaking character in `` silent movie '' ?
3 who else was considered for the duty of luke skywalker when george lucas was casting for star wars ?
1 what category of weapons were used in medieval warfare ?
1 what materials did the three little pigs use to build their firm ?
3 Who was the first English circumnavigator of the globe ?
0 What facial feature did Walt Disney sport that none of Disney 's employees is allowed to ?
3 who is the prophet of the religion of islam ?
0 How does Zatanna perform her magic in DC comics ?
1 what field sport did dentist william beers promote and write a standard book of concept for ?
1 what eating utensils are used for handicapped kid ?
3 who domesticated the wild domestic fowl ?
4 what asian country once thrilled to the mutant of cricket fighting ?
5 on what day did rosa parks become a symbol of the civil rights movement for refusing to give up her seat on the bus ?
1 what cocktail do you concoct with whiskey and sweet vermouth ?
3 what are defamation of two old men who appear in the serial tv muppets show ?
5 How many years did Sleeping Beauty sleep ?
4 what country comes last in an alphabetical database ?
3 name the u.s. senate number leader and the speaker of the house .
3 Who invented the horoscope ?
3 who 's the founder and editor of the national review ?
5 How many penny-farthings are there on a Trivial Pursuit game board ?
3 who is the current prime minister and president of russia ?
0 What does the name `` Sabrina '' mean ?
5 how many questioning do you have on your database ?
1 what three colors of ink are used to print a u.s. dollar legal document ?
0 what are the short- and long-term effect of underage drinking ?
3 who penned : `` neither a borrower nor a lender be '' ?
1 what keeps clouds in the gas ?
1 which killer whale died at sea world of a fungal ill health ?
3 which force department made the all-time biggest cocaine bust in ventura county ?
3 who would you use the heimlich maneuver on ?
1 What book opens : `` At a certain village in La Mancha , which I shall not name.. . '' ?
0 what are bellworts ?
5 how many body of water are there on the earth ?
5 How many web servers are there ?
0 how can i look up someone 's e-mail code on the internet ?
1 what is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as : involuntary movements , tic , swearing , and incoherent vocalizations , grunts , shouts , etc. ?
1 what soft drink would provide me with the biggest bodily process of caffeine ?
5 how long does it take for your body to restore liquid body substance after you donate your liquid body substance ?
0 why do heavier aim travel downhill faster ?
4 what italian municipality of 155 were leonardo da vinci , michaelangelo , and machiavelli all working in ?
4 what country is famous for persian rug ?
0 how is a chemical element bomb different from a nuclear bomb ?
3 who served as inspiration for the teacher portrayed by robin williams in `` dead poets society '' ?
3 who portrayed w.c. fields in the film w.c. fields and me ?
4 what new england state carries the electronic equipment area code 27 ?
0 how do you exterminate bees that are in the walls of your residence ? will bee eggs remain over winter ?
5 What is the acreage of the Chappellet vineyard ?
0 What is the meaning of thalassemia ?
1 what is a emotion of night or darkness ?
3 who is the mathematician that won the noble prize for literature in 1950 ?
1 what does a valet suffering from diphallic terata have ?
4 what sprawling u.s. administrative district boasts the most airports ?
5 The Iraqis launched their attack on Kuwait on what day ?
5 how many feet are there in a linear unit ?
0 what was the infamous feat of germany 's u-2 bomber ?
3 whose first presidential club was : `` let 's get this goddamn thing airborne '' ?
5 how many group lived in nebraska in the mid 1900s ?
0 How do you match a name to a social security number ?
1 What did brontosauruses eat ?
4 what political unit owns corsica ?
3 who wrote : `` poems are made by fools like me but only god can make a tree '' ?
0 What are the words to the cd Eminem 's , or slim shady , `` My Name Is '' ?
4 The Kentucky Horse Park is located near what city ?
0 what are the password to `` my way '' written by paul anka ?
0 what are some interesting facts and data about dogsledding ?
4 Where was Pythagoras born ?
3 who owns cnn ?
4 what rocky mountain ridge separates north america 's eastward and westward-flowing stream ?
0 what currents affect the region of the shetland islands and orkney islands in the north sea ?
1 which condiment was once sold as a document medicine ?
0 Why did the Anglican church split from the Vatican ?
5 when was the women 's right to vote amendment ratified ?
3 Who invented the paper clip ?
1 What 's the name of the Tokyo Stock Exchange ?
3 rotary engines used to be made by whom ?
3 what diminutive american female gymnast stole the appearance at the 1984 olympics ?
0 how can i find a phone number of someone if i only know their email savoir-faire ?
4 what u.s. state has sagebrush as its state angiosperm ?
0 how did the u.s. come into the self-control of an empire in the wake of the spanish-american war ?
3 what ivy league school plays its home plate games at palmer stadium ?
1 what did the forward-thinking simon brothers bakery of chicago insert into bagels to boost occupation ?
1 what sign is the best love match for a prediction sign ?
4 what two countries fought the hundred years ' war ?
1 what animal has been called the poor man 's cow ?
4 what country has the best defensive position in the board plot diplomacy ?
0 how can i trace my family condition ?
1 what six words follow the course : `` from a jack to a king.. . '' ?
3 who was the lawyer who represented randy steven craft ?
0 what is the cultural origin of the ceremony of ceremony ?
0 What are equity securities ?
5 how many times a class does the american gourd society publish the gourd ?
0 what is the origin of the typing practice string of words `` now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their country '' ?
0 what is the origin of `` beauty is in the eye of the person '' ?
1 in the miller lite tv commercial , who is the organism ?
2 What does the word LASER mean ?
3 what california politician said : `` inaction may be the highest form of action '' ?
5 when did fraze get his first patent for the pull-bill can ?
0 how does an ion drive employment ?
4 what country covers 8 , 600 , 387 square linear unit ?
1 What sign is the best love match for a horoscope sign ?
3 Name the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse .
3 what 's the supreme plan of action-making bureau of the soviet communist party ?
3 what political charactery is sinn fein a character of ?
3 what labor leader was last seen in the parking large indefinite quantity of a michigan restaurant ?
4 What are the names of all the seas in the world and what ocean do they drain into ?
3 What 19th-century painter died in the Marquesas Islands ?
0 Why are peanut butter cookies topped with crisscrosses ?
5 how many people died because of a smoking difficulty in 1997 ?
1 what alloy do conductor and tin form ?
5 how many major nazi leaders went on test after the war at nuremberg ?
3 what lawyer work for the center for the defense of free enterprise ?
5 When did the Bounty mutiny take place ?
1 what are other ways of getting stretch marks besides pregnancy , weight transferred property , and weight lifting ?
1 what kind of sports did they play in the time of life 1642-1649 , the english civil war time ?
1 what kind of publication does fodor 's publish ?
1 What do humans catch zoonose diseases from ?
0 what caused the army unit between the anglicans and the vatican ?
3 what enigmatic u.s. vice president was once tried and acquitted for treason in a plot to set up his own independent domain in the west ?
0 what are the lyric to the star spangled banner ?
3 Which college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball for ?
0 what is the content of proposition 98 ?
3 what baseball unit was routinely called `` dem bums '' by its frustrated fans ?
0 what happening caused the canning of a summit conference between eisenhower and khrushchev ?
5 what 's force 's par on a 455-yard golf hole ?
3 who built the first successful stern wheel steamboat ?
1 What kind of dog is Scooby Doo ?
5 what is the rate of the mississippi river ?
5 what are the shoe sizes of o 'neal , jordan , and mutombo , the nba players ?
4 where can i get message and statistics on countries and nations ?
3 who is the father of the calculator ?
0 what are binomial constant ?
4 What two countries fought the Hundred Years ' War ?
1 what is the full classification of a lady microbe ?
4 what are the names of the tourist force in reims ?
0 what is the main lotion of sodium hydrosulfite ?
1 what is the brand language unit of the chemical daminozide ?
1 what kind of mammal is a foal ?
3 what has been the most common christian name of u.s. corporate executive ?
1 what tv show did john sebastian sing the theme for ?
4 what 's the most common thoroughfare name in america ?
1 what did the chinese emperor present to the english soldier gordon in acceptance of his services in quelling rebellions ?
4 where can i find information on becoming a diarist ?
1 what john steinbeck novel portrays the joad unit , driven from the oklahoma dustbowl ?
3 Who do Herb and Tootsie live next door to ?
5 how many work unit are there in a big mac ?
0 what are the powers and weaknesses of green lantern 's gang ?
3 who claims to have the greatest entertainment on earth ?
1 what fruit does the dicot genus produce ?
1 what 's the official terminology of algeria ?
1 what 1950 movie won seven oscars , including best picture ?
1 what is mississippi 's administrative district animal ?
1 what cocktail inspired john doxat to write the script stirred-not shaken ?
3 Who made the first surfboard ?
3 what president served for five years , six months and 2 sidereal day ?
3 what presidential press secretary dismissed watergate as a third-pace burglary attempt ?
0 what is the biblical message of ` stones ' ?
1 What Michelangelo sculpture is in Saint Peter 's Cathedral , Basilica , ?
3 who said `` give me familiarity or give me death '' ?
5 how many years make up a time period ?
1 what was the tragedy that struck the municipality of dogtown in 1899 ?
1 in what war was the first bomber used ?
3 What terrorist group was headed by Donald DeFreeze ?
4 what 's the longest river in the natural object ?
1 what are the different conceptualization of systems analysis ?
0 how can i find out which municipality have cable-modem access ?
5 what 's the third calendar month of the gregorian calendar ?
5 how many boys play the game in winslow homer 's 1872 painting snap the whip ?
5 how many soldiers were involved in the last panama penetration by the united states of america ?
1 what oldtime kids ' fare did tv guide writer jeff greenfield call `` one of the most...subversive tv shows in american history '' ?
5 what was thatcher 's approval rating after 10 years in quality ?
0 what is the origin of u.s. army noncommissioned officer 's stripes ?
1 what diversion magazine has the largest circulation ?
5 how many innings are there in a rule softball game ?
3 who were the `` filthiest people alive ? ''
3 who is the administrator of intergovernmental affairs for the san diego county ?
4 what are the top 5 tallest construction in the world ?
0 what do you say to a friend who ignores you for other acquaintance ?
1 what line of baggage is named after a famous american flier ?
3 What is the name of actor Rex Harrison 's son , who starred in a modestly popular TV show during the late 1960's ?
3 what toy ship's company is the world 's no.1 maker of female apparel ?
5 How many films are made by the major studios in a year ?
5 how much of the nation 's children between the ages of two and eleven vigil ` the simpsons ' ?
4 where can i find a review of nightmare on elm street in a film writing ?
4 where does the u.s. get most of its physical phenomenon ?
1 what 's known as the insect of drinks ?
1 What Morris West novel deals with Russian bishop who becomes Pope ?
0 what will a scope do in outer space ?
0 what is a messenger ?
1 what 's the most extensively grown and eaten substance ?
3 what was the language unit of the lawyer who represented randy craft ?
0 what is the difference between terry artifact and french terry ?
5 when did lucelly garcia , a former diplomat of columbia to honduras , die ?
1 what ernest hemingway novel had the working championship fiesta ?
0 why are the ears your area of balance ?
5 when did humans first begin to write past seriously ?
5 how big is a United States liquid unit ?
3 What company sells the most greeting cards ?
5 how many `` no '' answers was the what 's my line ? panel allowed ?
3 who directed the first woody woodpecker wit ?
3 name the food institution that traveled to soviet georgia to film a series of ads .
4 where can i find a large list of 5 to 6 letter password ?
1 What started in 1849 when gold was discovered at Sutter 's Mill ?
4 where is the valley of the kings ?
5 how long was the longest hiccup approach ?
1 what english language unit comes from the old french covrefeu , meaning cover fire ?
4 what administrative district is known as the hawkeye administrative district ?
5 how many lawyers are there in the administrative district of new jersey ?
0 why did david koresh ask the fbi for a discussion processor ?
1 what is the appellation of the cleveland indians ?
3 what tv fictional character said ; `` one of these days , alice , pow , right in the kisser '' ?
0 what causes a person to have constantly sweaty work force and feet ?
3 name the various costumed portrayal of dr. henry pym .
4 where on the internet can i find a song text database similar to the international text server ?
0 why are there letters on the telephone ? why are there no q or z ?
1 what film dramatized the scopes monkey test ?
5 What chapter of the Bible has the most verses ?
5 How many types of cheese are there in France ?
4 where do you find the solution for all these questions ?
4 what administrative district is the filenes store located in ?
0 how does a hydroelectric dam employment ?
0 how does marijuana lead to other agent ?
1 what is after change ?
3 Who was the star witness at the Senate Watergate hearings ?
1 what cards are fastball ?
5 how many multitude die from snakebite poisoning in the u.s. per year ?
3 who is known as `` the world 's oldest teenager '' ?
0 what is the origin of `` beauty is in the eye of the perceiver '' ?
3 who was randy steven craft 's professional ?
0 What is `` Nine Inch Nails '' ?
3 who said : `` the winner will never be asked if he told the truth '' ?
1 What musical instrument did Sherlock Holmes play ?
5 how long does it take luminosity to reach the earth from the sun ?
0 what was the rational motive for the partition of the anglican and vatican churches ?
3 what is larry king 's occupation ?
3 who fired maria ybarra from her point in san diego council ?
4 what body of water surrounds the maldive islands ?
3 Who were the head writers for the Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour ?
1 What color is most often used to symbolize truth ?
1 What TV series changed the names to protect the innocent ?
1 what term means a sexual attraction between a male and a animal ?
1 What sport can a free-legged pacer compete in ?
5 How many URL extensions are there ? and what are they ?
1 what type of betting is used in horse sport ?
5 how much pizza do americans eat in a time unit ?
3 who is the leading competitor of trans union company ?
0 why do they sterilize the acerate leaf for lethal injection ?
5 when did hitler come to ability in germany ?
3 who shared a new york city housing with roger maris the year he hit 61 home runs ?
4 what configuration contains the twins castor and pollux ?
1 what type of betting is used in knight racing ?
1 what is a fear of coloring material ?
3 who was the first actor to appear on a postage stamp ?
3 who led the normans to victory in the battle of hastings ?
1 what is the zodiac clue for august 14 ?
3 who runs andy capp 's favorite pub ?
3 Whose husbands have included Conrad Hilton Jr. , and Michael Wilding ?
0 Why are ice cream sundaes called sundaes ?
4 what municipality was president william mckinley shot in ?
4 what is the best place to live in the worldly concern , considering climate , civilization ?
3 what american league baseball unit 's worst finish between 1926 and 1964 was fourth ?
4 what four u.s. states have active crack ?
1 what is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as : involuntary movements , tics , swearing , and incoherent vocalizations , grunt , shouts , etc. ?
0 why shouldn 't you remove a hymenopterous insect stinger with tweezers ?
4 Where is the biggest bell ?
5 how many cubic animal foot of space does a gallon of water occupy ?
3 what are the major companies that are relation of dow jones ?
4 What island group is Guadalcanal a part of ?
1 which sense organ can most people hsense organ better with ?
3 Name the Ranger who was always after Yogi Bear .
0 why is the universe flat , if it started by an discharge , shouldn 't it be a sphere ?
0 Why did the Shea & Gould law firm leave Los Angeles ?
1 in what deodorant commercial did tenants have adjoining medical science cabinets ?
0 why does infectious disease afflict people ?
3 what is the most common boy 's or girl 's language unit ?
5 when was the first railway from the east coast to the west coast completed ?
0 How can I find online spelling , and punctuation drills for my 6th grader ?
1 what aesop 's fable has the moral : `` the contest is not always to the swift. slow and steady is bound to win '' ?
1 what oldtime kids ' fare did tv guide writer jeff greenfield call `` one of the most...subversive tv entertainment in american history '' ?
3 who commanded the french effect at the battle of orleans ?
3 what was the nickname of german flying one manfred von richthofen ?
4 what bay divides maryland 's eastern and western shores ?
1 what circuit board game derived its name from biritch , or russian whist ?
3 Whose autobiography is titled Yes I Can ?
3 What company named one of its pens `` The Banana '' ?
3 what mormon person was said to have had 27 wives ?
5 On which dates does the running of the bulls occur in Pamplona , Spain ?
1 what is a concern of sinning ?
1 what text file did president andrew johnson want a copy of placed under his head upon his burial ?
3 What college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball for ?
1 What daily newspaper will `` help you see clearer across the USA '' ?
5 how many innings are there in a regulation softball plot ?
1 what shakespeare play opens with the line : `` now is the winter of our longing.. . '' ?
3 who portrayed the cowardly lion in the wizard of oz ?
0 why was henry ford 's first car calleda model t & his second type of car , introduced in 1928 , called a model a ?
1 what visual property are school buses ?
0 What is a disaccharide ?
5 when did iraqi force invade kuwait ?
1 what kind of yield is a yellow transparent ?
5 what is the monetary value for tuberculosis drugs ?
0 how were the days of the time period named ?
5 what can you be fined for having a canine on a beach ?
3 name a ballet ship's company mikhail baryshnikov has danced for ?
0 how does a hurricane human body ?
0 in the song `` yankee doodle , '' why did yankee doodle stick a feather in his headdress and call it macaroni ?
4 where can i find the text for the song ` getting married today ' from the musical ` company ' ?
5 When does the average teenager first have intercourse ?
3 Who invented panties ?
0 What is so powerful about Power Bars ?
5 how many pins are used in bowling ?
5 what are the statistics for drunken operator in maryland ?
5 what is the youngest property a boy or girl can have an orgasm ?
3 Who was Secretary of State during the Nixon administration ?
1 what did the forward-thinking simon brothers bakery of chicago insert into bun to boost business ?
4 what u.s. administrative district is mammoth cave national park in ?
1 what are the signs of a country going into a economic condition ?
3 who directed the first woody woodpecker cartoon ?
3 what comedian was banned from the ed sullivan show for allegedly making an obscene motion at the show 's host ?
3 what catch-22 character is elected civil authority of half a dozen italian cities ?
0 what is the information of the universe ?
3 what level of government or governmental administrative unit is responsible for dealing with racism ?
4 Where did the Battle of the Bulge take place ?
4 what peruvian city is residence to the mummified body of francisco pizarro ?
0 why do eyes sometimes look red in representation ?
4 what metropolis landmark was first introduced in the superman cartoon of the 1940 's ?
3 who holds the career record for the most major association home runs ?
3 what president was buried at his ancestral residence overlooking the hudson river at hyde park , new york ?
0 How do I find a snowboarding website ?
1 what is the main terminology of sao paulo , brazil ?
4 what constellation represents a hunter with club and carapace ?
1 what creature is the absolute fastest in moving in the world , birds , mammal , etc. , ?
1 what was the misfortune that struck the city of dogtown in 1899 ?
1 what are close confrontation of the first and second kind ?
4 what countries have the largest armed forces in the worldly concern ?
0 what is the origin of the term `` buffalo wings '' that is used as a menu item in browning automatic rifle across the nation for chicken wings in a spicey sauce ?
0 how can anyone tell if a female had sexual sexual intercourse ?
3 who was the first coach of the cleveland browns ?
1 what is the best property to travel in japan ?
1 what net game sees its women 's world amateur rival receive the uber cup ?
4 what european country boasts the city of furth , found where the stream rednitz and pegnitz converge ?
0 how do ants have sexual activity ?
5 When was child labor abolished ?
3 who portrayed field marshal erwin rommel in the desert fox ?
5 When did French revolutionaries storm the Bastille ?
4 what is the language unit of the largest city in chile , south america ?
1 what category of sports did they play in the years 1642-1649 , the english civil war time ?
1 what cooking oil has `` corn whiskey goodness '' ?
5 in what class did ireland elect its first woman president ?
1 what did martin luther post on the religion door at wittenberg ?
1 what is one of the communication of the sioux ?
0 what does the condition `` spaghetti western '' mean ?
1 what vowel do all esperanto noun end in ?
1 what was paul bunyan 's cattle 's name ?
5 how many country are there ?
0 how does the cable car in `` christine '' become possessed ?
5 how many double-word-score quad are there on a scrabble crossword game board ?
4 what is the website for the usa daybook ?
3 who is the chancellor of china ?
3 what 's the language unit of pittsburgh 's baseball team ?
4 what are the world 's three largest oceans , in order of magnitude ?
5 How many bones are there in the human hand ?
1 what animal dined on bread and bivalve with a carpenter ?
0 how do you get a broken bob out of a bottle ?
5 how many boy play the game in winslow homer 's 1872 painting snap the whip ?
0 How did U.S.A become involved in the Barbary Wars
4 what u.s. state of matter records the least rainfall ?
0 what is the difference between a reproductive structure and a vegetable ?
5 how many ace are there in big dipper ?
5 how many people did randy craft homicide ?
0 how do you make a computer fragment ?
5 How much is Clara Peller being paid by Wendy 's to say `` Where 's the beef '' ?
1 what do chef call the master spice ?
5 what is the day of boxing day ?
3 who was ezra taft benson ?
1 What were millions of kids wearing on their heads in 1955 ?
3 who invented the process to make condensed milk ?
4 Where do hyenas live ?
5 what is the enrollee population at the university of massachusetts in amherst ?
4 where on the internet can i get data about the fifth amendment on the american bill of rights ?
3 whadeoxythymidine monophosphate famous coach said `` if you can 'deoxythymidine monophosphate beadeoxythymidine monophosphate 'em in deoxythymidine monophosphatehe alley , you can 'deoxythymidine monophosphate beadeoxythymidine monophosphate 'em on deoxythymidine monophosphatehe ice '' ?
0 what 's the difference between sleet and cooling rain ?
1 what is the natural object 's deadliest infectious disease ?
0 How do I check if my modem is v.9 compatible ?
1 what race is 1 , 137 linear unit long ?
5 what does an average daycare supplier get paid in new england ?
3 Who appointed the chair of the Federal Reserve ?
4 Where was Lincoln assassinated ?
0 what is the origin of the language unit nevermind ?
1 what color eyes are most sensitive to luminosity ?
5 how many villi are found in the small internal organ ?
0 why do pressure cookers save fourth dimension in the kitchen ?
4 what city is mathematician schnitzel named for ?
1 what is the procedure called for drilling a opening in your skull to acheive a higher consciousness ?
3 name the on stage character whose external body part was never seen .
3 what baseball unit became the minnesota twins ?
0 what is the goal of bios ?
3 Who portrayed George M. Cohan in 1942 's Yankee Doodle Dandy ?
0 what is the milky way ?
1 what was the name of betty boop 's pawl ?
1 what scale measuring stick earthquakes ?
1 in what deodorant commercial did tenants have adjoining medicine cabinet ?
4 what ocean separates naples and algiers ?
1 what idea do i need to run a .tbk file ?
2 what is the correct manner to abbreviate cc. at the bottom of a business letter ?
4 what city was john f. kennedy nominated for corporate executive in ?
0 why are there culture on the telephone ? why are there no q or z ?
5 of juvenile between the ages of two and eleven , what percentage watch `` the simpsons '' ?
3 who spoke the only word in mel brooks 's silent movie ?
1 what are the languages spoken by the native in afghanistan ?
4 Where is Rider College located ?
0 what is the origin of the word `` agaric '' ?
1 what common livestock have the greatest variety of animal group ?
3 what fool is not so wise to lose an oath to win a eden ?
4 Where was Christopher Columbus born ?
0 what is the vdrl experiment of blood ?
3 who are woody woodpecker 's kinswoman and nephew ?
1 what religious song did john steinbeck get his title the grapes of wrath from ?
4 what are the only two states that incorporate the confederate battle flag in their iris ?
3 who wrote the night of the iguana ?
4 What 's the largest U.S. city on the Great Lakes ?
1 what information was vhs 's main competition ?
0 Why do oceans contain salt water instead of fresh water ?
3 What business exports the sparkling wine Spumante ?
0 what were the three prophecy the witches make to macbeth ?
3 Who sang about Desmond and Molly Jones ?
0 what are the living condition in cuba ?
3 who made stonehenge ?
5 when did the use of `` the syringe '' first appear in medicinal past ?
1 what is the name of the creation of growing miniature trees ?
1 what vladimir nabokov novel features professor humbert in sexual love with a 12-year-old girl ?
5 How many small businesses are there in the U.S .
3 which ventura county police department seized the largest cocaine merchandise in it 's history ?
1 what three colors are on the french emblem ?
5 what is the student people at the university of massachusetts in amherst ?
1 what is the association between new krypton and daxam ?
3 who is the most sexy important person ?
4 Where is the Bulls basketball team based ?
4 what country has the best defensive position in the committee game diplomacy ?
3 What actor said in A Day at the Races : `` Either he 's dead or my watch has stopped '' ?
4 what country has the highest burning rate ?
4 where is the world high status sled dog race held each february ?
5 how long is the border between canada and the 48 conterminous state of matter ?
4 what nation owns corsica ?
3 who was known as the time master in comic publication ?
0 What is the origin of a.m. and p.m. ?
3 what are the top 10 colleges in the united states in the tract of engineering ?
0 what is the origin of thank you written record ?
5 What is the current population for these countries : France , Spain , Italy , Greece , Austria , Germany , Switzerland , the Netherlands ?
1 which is the largest timepiece , diameter wise , in europe ?
4 what are the only two states that incorporate the confederate battle emblem in their emblems ?
4 what political unit covers 8 , 600 , 387 square miles ?
1 what are the championship of some r-rated sony playstation games ?
3 what 's the better-known personality of john merrick , the noble ogre of victorian england ?
1 what material are used in lethal injection ?
3 who wrote the musical composition , `` stardust '' ?
5 How much does one ton of cement cost ?
0 how can i look up someone 's e-mail address on the internet ?
0 What are perfect tenses ?
4 where is basque political unit located ?
0 What is commonly considered the fifth sense ?
4 What city or state do the most gay men live in ?
5 what seven digits follow the area code in the number for long spacing information ?
3 who owns cnn ?
1 Aspartame is also known as what ?
4 what island has a parking lot called the battery at is southern tip ?
0 what is the matter of the fifth amendment ?
1 what sex is not allowed to vote in kuwait ?
3 who wrote `` the pit and the pendulum '' ?
3 who is the founder of the computer ?
3 Who won a Pulitzer Prize for his novel The Caine Mutiny ?
3 Who was nicknamed The Little Corporal ?
1 What is the primary language of the Philippines ?
1 In what religion was Isis the nature goddess ?
5 what seven digits follow the area code in the amount for long distance information ?
3 Who is Ishmael in Moby Dick ?
0 Why is Microsoft 's Windows 3 such a successful computer program ?
3 what english person discovered and named virginia ?
0 what is a handheld pc ?
4 in what u.s. state was the first womanhood governor elected ?
0 why did david koresh ask the fbi for a language unit processor ?
0 How can I find out which cities have cable-modem access ?
3 what is her occupational group ?
5 how many password are there in the spanish language ?
0 how did p.t. barnum beak the diminutive charles s. stratton ?
1 what tv series saw many of its aquatic scenes shot at silver springs , florida ?
5 how much snow equals an linear unit of rain ?
5 how far can a human center see ?
3 what female offspring of henry viii and anne boleyn became queen of england ?
1 what product `` doubles your pleasure , doubles your diversion '' ?
1 what do i call the male offspring and daughters of my first cousins ?
5 how long is the world 's largest ship , in meter ?
3 Who taught Matt Murdock to use his extraordinary abilities in Marvel comics ?
5 how many queen bee reign in a hive ?
3 Who were the five Marx brothers ?
1 What are super balls made of ?
1 what penalty space lies between baltic avenue and reading railroad on a monopoly board ?
5 what are the chances of pregnacy if the erectile organ does not penetrate the vagina ?
5 how many bends are there in a standard paper time ?
3 What Hungarian cardinal was first a state prisoner and then a refugee in the U.S. embassy 1956-1971 ?
5 what is the horsepower of the badminton equipment boosters ?
0 how do i get a complete list of all the people that are living with the last language unit kilvington ?
1 What are the seven wonders of the world ?
1 what is the first publication of the old testament ?
5 in what time period did they build the berlin wall ?
5 what is the central rate for australian to american money ?
0 How do cameras take pictures ?
5 how many warmup pitches does a reliever get coming into a baseball activity ?
5 what 's a perfect sexual conquest in a gymnastics exercise ?
4 What California desert is dubbed High Desert ?
5 how hot should the kitchen appliance be when making peachy oat muffins ?
0 what is the quality between the koran and the bible ?
3 what are the top ten most common woman names in the us ?
3 world health organization was the 15th century fire-and-brimstone monk world health organization gained control of florence but ended burnt at the stake ?
1 what european race sees the winner of its mountain stage awarded a American state with large red polka dots ?
1 what illness is the second-biggest killer of north americans ?
0 what is the origin of head insect ?
5 What was Einstein 's IQ ?
1 what william styron book is about a black preacher who leads a slave rebellion ?
1 What international sport was originally called hurley ?
3 who was the 3rd president of the united states ?
3 who directed `` jaws '' ?
4 what people is ileana cotrubas ?
4 where can i find the history of the hungarian terminology ?
3 what 's the most common name in nursery rhyme ?
4 the kentucky horse park is located near what municipality ?
3 Who was Lacan ?
4 what country 's flag is battlefield green ?
0 how can i find a list of , fax and or email , code for human resource departments in massachusetts ?
4 what network sites are linked to the report on genesis eldercare ?
3 Who was Ezra Taft Benson ?
1 what is a concern of jealousy ?
0 what problems contributed to the high nonaccomplishment rate of plains farmers in the 1800s ?
0 what is the kashmir emergence ?
5 How many hours of work does it take a typist to complete a 100-page screenplay ?
1 what is a concern of glass ?
5 what is the per-bulge income of colombia , south america ?
4 What Scandinavian country covers 173 , 732 square miles ?
1 name the 5 speech that use all of the letters in the alphabet , except q , with no repeats .
3 what baseball team was routinely called `` dem bums '' by its frustrated device ?
3 Who won two gold medals in skiing in the Olympic Games in Calgary ?
3 what diarist can be found in and around walden puddle ?
5 What is the per-capita income of Colombia , South America , ?
5 how many artifact does a bottle of yoo-hoo settle into ?
3 what authoritarian has the nickname `` el maximo '' ?
3 who was the writer of the book about computer hackers called `` the cuckoo 's egg : tracking a spy through the maze of computer espionage '' ?
0 what was the assertion to fame of explorer i , launched february 1 , 1958 ?
4 where is the worldly concern championship sled dog race held each february ?
0 What is cosmology ?
4 what country is kosovo a character of ?
0 what is the beginning of the term soda jerk ?
3 what company started out making pies , and wound up manufacturing solid throwing toys ?
3 what professional cricketer 's male offspring wrote the war of the worlds in 1898 ?
4 what building built in 18 contains 327 miles of script shelves ?
4 where can i find a database of `` classic '' books 5th and 6th graders should read ?
0 What is the origin of music ?
4 what famed london criminal assembly was once a feudal castle ?
1 what 1964 film introduced the musical composition my kind of town ?
3 what tv talk-show master of ceremonies lends his name to a line of men 's clothing ?
4 what 's the second-largest island in the worldly concern ?
3 who did sara jane moore try to assassinate ?
3 who made the first airplane ?
5 how many innings are there in a regulation ball game ?
3 who thought he 'd never see a literary composition lovely as a tree ?
3 what radio , tv and product character did jackie gleason and william bendix play ?
1 What was organized as a Confederate veterans ' social club in Pulaski , in Tennessee , in 1866 ?
3 name of character in `` scruples '' ?
5 when was the women 's franchise amendment ratified ?
2 what do the letters zip point of view for in the phrase `` zip code '' ?
0 whadeoxythymidine monophosphate is main reason for deoxythymidine monophosphatehadeoxythymidine monophosphate elecdeoxythymidine monophosphateric vehicles can 'deoxythymidine monophosphate be popular nowadays ?
5 how many e-commerce institution are started every day ?
3 what singer became despondent over the death of freddie prinze , quit entertainment business , and then quit the business ?
1 What creature is the absolute fastest in moving in the world , birds , mammals , etc. , ?
4 what stream runs through liverpool ?
4 what political unit has the port of haifa ?
3 Who starred with Charlie Chaplin in Modern Times and The Great Dictator ?
1 what was material made of in the late 16th century ?
5 how many endangered coinage are there in the world ?
5 What year did Degas create the bronze sculpture , `` Fourth Position Front ? ''
3 who was the only person convicted in the my lai massacre ?
3 who was lacan ?
4 What country is the world 's largest importer of cognac ?
1 what fast food is prepared with a `` secret blend of 11 herbs and preservative ? ''
0 how do you stop rubbish snail mail ?
3 what indian tribe is f troop perpetually doing struggle with ?
0 Why should cigarette smoking be banned ?
5 how many cds has garth brooks sold ?
3 who invented the game bowling ?
0 What is the difference between hair and fur ?
1 what 's the no. 1 killer in industrialized political unit ?
0 What is the cause of endangered species ?
2 what does inri stand for when used on jesus ' hybrid ?
3 Who declared : `` I think I 'll go out and milk the elk '' ?
5 How many colonies were involved in the American Revolution ?
5 what seven digits follow the region code in the number for long distance information ?
4 where can i find pictorial commission on how to build a very simple treehouse ?
3 what presidential management challenged americans to explore the new frontier ?
1 what was organized as a confederate veterans ' social baseball team in pulaski , in tennessee , in 1866 ?
1 What was Edward Albee 's first full-length play ?
3 who holds the career record for the most major league home score ?
5 CNN 's first broadcast occurred on what date ?
0 how has tv affected our society ?
4 What countries earn the most from tourism ?
3 What 's comic strip photographer Peter Parker 's secret identity ?
3 Who was the first jockey to ride two Triple Crown winners ?
5 how many body are in wyoming ?
0 Why did several San Diego schools stop serving apples to students ?
5 how many jewelry are used in skittles ?
5 what are the book that fit into fermont 's last theorem ?
5 What is the temperature for cooking ?
3 What U.S. university boasts the largest library ?
1 what 's the best manner to lose the flab under your chin and around your face ?
1 What was the first ready-to-eat breakfast cereal ?
1 what movie was jude law in ?
5 how many group are there in the world ?
1 what is a concern of fish ?
3 who portrayed `` the man without a face '' in the movie of the same name ?
1 what jules verne fiction features scientists held captive in the submarine nautilus ?
0 what is the medical circumstance of hypertension ?
0 What is the recommended daily requirement for folic acid for pregnant women ?
1 what turns blue litmus paper loss ?
4 in what sphere of the world was the six day war fought ?
3 What are the three most successful companies of our time ?
5 how many political unit are there ?
3 What suburban housewife and mother of three wrote The Feminine Mystique ?
3 who wrote unsafe at any speed ?
0 How did Bob Marley die ?
1 what tv series saw many of its aquatic scenes shot at silver springs , florida ?
0 how does james bond like his martini ?
0 what 's the proud title to fame of the young women who formed kappa alpha theta ?
3 who was the professional who represented randy steven craft ?
4 what desert has the highest sand ridge ?
1 What are some important events of the 1830 's ?
1 what subspecies is 1 , 137 miles long ?
3 what two historical figures , who fought each other in a famous battle , each have a substance named after them ?
1 what animal dined on bread and oyster with a carpenter ?
5 how much will state of matter be taxed in california by the year 2000 ?
1 What was the name of the 1899 policy forced on China by which all nations had equal trading rights ?
3 who was the first black to be head bus of a major league pro sports team ?
3 who wrote unsafe at any speed ?
0 How can I search for a word within my own webpage ?
1 what product marked robert redford 's directorial debut ?
1 What 's the most popular contact lens color ?
3 name the company that used the formation , `` even your best friend won 't tell you '' in its ad ?
1 what message has the moral : `` he who wants everything gets nothing '' ?
