1 What magazine paid Ernest Hemingway $15 a word to write a bullfighting article ?
3 What two historical figures , who fought each other in a famous battle , each have a food named after them ?
0 What is a philanthropy?
3 Woodrow Wilson served as president of what university ?
5 How many cards are dealt to each player in Gin Rummy ?
5 What is the size of the largest akita ?
1 Which plant has the largest seed?
0 Why are the U.S. presidential elections held in November ?
4 Where is the actress , Marion Davies , buried ?
2 What is the right way to shorten cc.at the end of a business letter?
3 Who won the 1968 California Democratic Primary?
5 When's boxing day?
4 What country saw the origin of the Asian Flu ?
0 Why is a tornado turning around?
0 What's the difference between Ninjitsu and Kung Fu?
0 How do you get to the top of the Eiffel Tower ?
3 What enigmatic U.S. vice president was once tried and acquitted for treason in a plot to set up his own independent empire in the West ?
1 Name a novel by John Steinbeck.
3 Who was Tiny Tim 's father ?
0 What does the term 3 mean to a newspaper editor ?
5 On what day was Pearl Harbor attacked in 1942?
2 What is the full form of .com ?
5 How old was Lucille Ball when the show "I Love Lucy" premiered?
4 Where can I buy movies online?
1 What toys can you make?
2 What is p.m. an abbreviation for , as in 5 p.m. ?
5 When did the vesuvius last erupt ?
3 Who is the Pope?
3 Who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver ?
3 What savage and madman wrote a book called cruel shoes?
3 Who said `` Give me liberty or give me death '' ?
0 How is an executioner determined ?
2 What does NN O `` mean when used as a prefix in Irish surnames ?
4 Where did Gulliver find a breed of little people?
1 What product's ads claim that it ``eliminates odors, kills germs, mold', and flour?
3 Who asked you to do the Loco-Motion with her in 1962 ?
3 Name the university that President Woodrow Wilson was.
3 Who was Charles Lindbergh 's wife ?
3 What company does Madonna recruit for?
0 What does the Georgetown `` Hoya '' mean ?
4 What ocean was Amelia Earhart flying over when she disappeared ?
4 What U.S. city 's skyline boasts the Gateway Arch ?
1 What kind was Winnie the Pooh?
3 Name of the powerful white trader in Conrad 's `` Heart of Darkness '' ?
3 Who portrayed Prewett in From Here to Eternity?
0 How did Lee Harvey Oswald purchase his rifle ?
1 What kind of creatures are black, yellow and brown bullheads?
0 What does the word Affiant mean?
1 What are the five basic swimming strokes ?
4 Where did Ty Cobb grow up ?
0 What is the origin of the ethnic category `` caucasian '' ?
2 What does NAFTA stand for ?
0 How do you dunk ?
1 What animal was the heat-seeking missile called the Sidewinder named for ?
3 What English researcher discovered and named Virginia?
0 How does a small businessman contact the Good Humor Ice Cream Company to do business with them?
5 How much do tuberculosis combatting drugs cost ?
4 What is the richest state in the United States?
1 What is a ball that hits the foul pole called?
1 What is the rounded part on the top of a matchbook called ?
3 Who is the Prime Minister of Japan?
3 What company makes impulse hardening equipment ?
0 What is a leaky heart valve ?
3 Which glamorous actress is a close friend of Dick Tracy's?
5 What is the life span of the average monkey ?
5 How old is the average age of a horse?
1 What are the 7 articles of the constitution ?
4 What country 's capital was formed when Pesth and Buda merged ?
5 When was Ozzy Osbourne born ?
0 What is a meerkat ?
3 Who was the star of the 1965 Broadway hit Golden Boy ?
5 How many grooves are there on a small edge?
5 How much can you pay for having a dog on the beach?
1 What was the worst hurricane?
0 What do the names Neil , Mary , and Anthony mean ?
4 Where can I look at a perpetual calendar ?
0 Why does sound travel faster through water than air?
4 Where is McCarren Airport?
5 How much does a poodle weigh?
5 How many people have died of tuberculosis?
4 When Superman needs to get away from it all , where does he go ?
5 When did Hitler come to power in Germany ?
0 What is the origin of the sugar cane at Christmas?
5 How many sharks are there?
1 What two animals are specifically mentioned as being in Noah 's Ark ?
5 How many hummingbird eggs could fit into a ostrich egg?
3 Who portrayed Renaud in Casablanca ?
3 What is Nathan Hamill 's role in the new Star Wars prequel ?
4 What London museum features a Chamber of Horrors ?
0 What exactly is radiation?
1 What is the Taj Majal made of?
1 What color flies closest to the staff on Belgium 's flag ?
0 What is the origin of beauty in the eye of the beholder?
3 What costume designer decided that Michael Jackson should only wear one glove?
3 Which king is satirized in the line ```The king was in the Countinghouse and counted all his money'''''?
5 What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?
5 What amount of folic acid should an expectant mother take daily ?
1 What is a fear of points ?
3 Who is Samuel F. Pickering?
5 How long is Camptown Racetrack ?
5 What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. ?
1 Which ship did Lloyd M. Bucher command?
3 What spy novelist served as Moscow correspondent for Reuter and The Times of London ?
1 Which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?
3 Who portrayed Dracula in Hammer Studios?
3 What was her real name ?
3 Who was the girl in Peter Sellers 's soup ?
0 What is the origin of the word ``news'?
0 What is ``flintknipsen''?
3 Who portrayed Field Marshal Erwin Rommel in The Desert Fox ?
1 What is the high pitched sound that you hear in your ear every now and then , but then it goes away , after a while ?
1 Which color of the monopoly properties are applied most frequently?
1 What's a good book for people who hate to read?
3 Who runs Andy Capp's favorite pub?
4 What city is . KDGE Radio located in ?
0 What is Head Start?
3 Who is the worst US President ever ?
1 What are the conjugations of wake and woke ?
3 Who claimed to be the world 's most perfectly-developed man ?
4 What are the world 's three largest oceans , in order of size ?
4 Where was the first restaurant ?
5 What's the initial salary for prospective lawyers?
3 What's Rona Barrett's last name?
5 How many men died building the Mackinaw Bridge ?
4 Where is the petrified forest?
1 What was the distinguishing mark on the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?
1 What are the best ways to improve employee morale at low cost?
4 What's the next star on Earth?
0 What is the nature of learning?
2 What do the letters CE mean for so many products, especially electrical, now purchased?
1 What drug is often used to treat AIDS patients ?
5 How big is the universe actually ?
4 What country in Latin America is the largest one ?
4 Where was the largest concentration camp in World War II?
0 Why can 't women serve in the Navy on board submarines ?
3 What did the Seven Dwarfs do for a living ?
0 What's a coup de poing for a French boxer?
4 What is the best online games site ?
1 What is Canada's official animal?
4 Where are diamonds mined ?
4 Which three European countries begin with letter A?
3 Who portrayed George M. Cohan in 1942's Yankee Doodle Dandy?
5 What month did the Edmund Fitzgerald sink ?
0 What is the glory of the Night's Watch, Frank Wills?
3 Name Dondi 's adoptive grandfather .
1 What color is most commonly used to symbolize the truth?
0 Why are the presidential elections taking place in the US in November?
3 Who developed potlatch ?
0 What is a multiplexer ?
4 Where can I find the history of the Taiwanese language?
1 What feud ended with a marriage in Kentucky on March 21 , 1891 ?
3 Which two US biochemists won the Nobel Prize for Medicine in the 1990s?
5 How many milliseconds in one second?
0 What was the Long March in China ?
5 What year was the first automobile manufactured ?
0 What made Jane Goodall famous ?
4 What part of Great Britain includes the Highlands, Central Lowlands and Southern Uplands?
4 What is the best hospital for orthopedics in the country ?
1 What are most albums sold by an artist or a band?
1 What are the first six words of Dickens 's A Tale of Two Cities ?
0 What happens when lightning strikes a body of water?
0 What is the meaning of the name Kathryn ?
1 What kind of mayonnaise is "real" mayonnaise?
1 What is a fear of passing high objects ?
0 What are the words to the song sung by `` Banana in Pajamas '' ?
5 How many Community Chest cards are there in Monopoly ?
4 What New England state covers 5.9 square kilometers?
3 Who are the top ten richest people in the world?
3 Who starred in Singing in the Rain and The Singing Nun ?
5 When was cigarette advertising banned on television and radio?
0 What's Butterfield 8 in Butterfield 8?
4 Where is Tufts University ?
5 How many people die from tuberculosis each year ?
4 Where is Inoco based?
3 Who declared : `` I think I 'll go out and milk the elk '' ?
1 What does an edentulous smile lack ?
4 What is the geographic center of the United States, including Alaska and Hawaii?
4 What is the web address of the list of e-mail addresses of members of the House of Representatives ?
3 What's the name of the inventor of the stupid kit?
1 What anaesthesia has Queen Victoria allowed to give birth to her seventh child in 1853?
1 What product did Robert Conrad dare people to pat him on the back?
4 On what continent is Mozambique ?
0 What causes rust ?
4 What do we call the imaginary line along the top of the Rocky Mountains ?
1 What board game does a `` wood-pusher '' play poorly ?
3 Which World War II leader declared ```````The blow was''''''''?
5 What is the average number of hours of American workers?
5 What is the current fare from Cairo to Barbados?
0 What ever happened to the once popular Yale Lock Company ?
5 When was the women 's suffrage amendment ratified ?
5 How many copies of an album do you have to sell to make it a gold album?
4 Which city is served by McCarren Airport?
0 What are shooting stars ?
3 Who played Maria in the film West Side Story ?
2 What is AFS?
3 Who is the President of Pergament?
1 What war was the Potsdam Conference waged?
3 What civil war general has caused chaos in the South by marching through Georgia on his way to the sea?
1 What has the Vienna Congress founded?
5 When was Florida admitted into the Union ?
4 Where did the battle of the Bulge take place?
3 What are the big companies that are part of Dow Jones?
0 What causes the redness in your cheeks when you blush?
3 Name the three races unleashed by the Celestials in Marvel Comics.
5 How far is Jaroslawl from Moscow?
1 What is the most common cancer ?
3 Who is the director and editor of the movie Big with Tom Hanks?
0 How do microwaves work ?
4 What national borders border Mozambique?
0 What is a Chinese ``spitting''bowl?
0 What is a portable PC?
1 What product does Mrs Olsen promote?
4 What is the largest U.S. state east of the Mississippi?
5 What was Einstein 's IQ ?
1 What's the name of a male witch?
5 How many cones does a male have?
3 What was football star Elroy Hirsch 's nickname ?
0 How did Lee Harvey Oswald buy his gun?
3 Which government of the President called on the Americans to explore the new frontier?
4 What are the three largest oceans in the world by size?
3 What radio , TV and movie character did Jackie Gleason and William Bendix play ?
3 What Chilean president was killed in a 1973 coup?
4 What is the nickname of Pennsylvania ?
1 What constitutes an adult ?
1 How do you say I love you in Spanish?
1 What is a fear of ruin ?
4 What country did the Romans call Hibernia ?
5 How many wives did Brigham Young have ?
4 Where is the Orange Bowl ?
1 What do you call the fear of cockroaches?
3 Which actor had the greatest fame on television became the father of triplets?
5 How many endangered species are there in the world ?
5 How many pairs of wings does a tsetse fly have ?
1 What is after death ?
1 What do I call the sons and daughters of my first cousins?
0 What are the Poconos?
0 What is a hyperlink?
4 Where can I find detailed information about Manchukuo?
5 How many stations do you shoot in the'Around the World 'basketball game?
4 What New England state covers 5.9 square miles ?
3 Which player sits on average three times during a double head baseball?
0 Why were people recruited for the Vietnam War ?
1 What was the longest war in U.S. history ?
3 Name the Ranger who was always after Yogi Bear.
1 What infectious disease is the deadliest disease in the world?
0 What's the story with the hair dryer?
4 Where were all European and American eels born?
1 What kind of soft drink held a national taste coil in 1967?
1 What were the names of the three ships used by Columbus?
3 What new high school was built last year in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania?
0 What do players try to do when the music stops in a game of musical chairs ?
1 Name a movie about the Sioux Indians starring Kevin Costner .
3 Who is the one Independent Member of Congress ?
0 What does Lloyd's Lutine Bell announce?
1 What were Baffin, Frobisher and Franklin looking for?
4 Where is Inoco based ?
3 Who is Samuel Pickering?
5 What are the numbers that fit in Fermont's last sentence?
3 What record company was formed by Herb Alpert and Jerry Moss ?
0 How do I sing like Elvis Presley?
4 What's the nickname for the state of Mississippi?
4 Where's Kentucky Horse Park?
1 What are the first ten benefits?
0 How do I find out the exact time of a sunset for a particular day ?
5 What will the California gas tax be in the 21st year?
1 What animal has the biggest eyes ?
4 Where are zebras most likely found?
3 What lawyer won the largest divorce settlement , $85 million , in U.S. history for Sheika Dena Al-Farri ?
4 Where is Natchitoches , Louisiana ?
5 In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?
5 What 's men 's par on a 455-yard golf hole ?
5 Shea and Gould had an office in Los Angeles, how long before they were closed?
5 What does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ?
0 What was the name of the element calcium?
4 Which U.S. state is Lake Sam Rayburn?
3 What was the name of the director of the movie "Jaws"?
3 What was the role of the Medieval Guild ?
5 How old is Stevie Wonder ?
3 Who invented panties?
3 When I was asked to surrender, the American general replied, "Sir, I have not yet begun to fight."
0 What are almonds for?
4 Where do lobsters like to live?
4 What U.S. state includes the San Juan Islands ?
0 What does `` Semper Fidelis '' mean ?
1 What does it take to be a hero ?
5 What percentage of the silver production is done by independent silversmiths ?
0 What was the long march in China?
1 What 's the name of a golf course in Myrtle Beach ?
2 What is the abbreviation of the company name ` General Motors ' ?
3 The name of the actor who played the detective in the film Kindergarden Cop is what ?
5 How many people did Randy Craft kill?
1 What were the trials called which followed World War II ?
1 What is the Celtic symbol for ``life''?
3 The lawyer who represented Randy Craft , what was his name ?
1 What is predicted to topple over between 2010 and 2020 ?
0 What is Hyperopia?
0 How can I find out which cities have cable-modem access ?
4 What is a country that starts with the letter x?
3 What is the name of actor Rex Harrison 's son , who starred in a modestly popular TV show during the late 1960's ?
3 Who was the first U.S. president?
4 Where's Melbourne?
3 Name the first Russian astronaut to take a space walk.
1 What is another term for painful wrist syndrome?
0 What are perfect times?
4 What are Britain 's two longest rivers ?
0 What is a certified nurse midwife?
1 What did the pyramid builders in Egypt eat mainly?
1 What did the Yalta Conference lead to ?
1 What film or films has Jude Law appeared in ?
3 Who was the prophet of the Jewish people?
1 Which type of submarine was bought recently by South Korea ?
4 What was the largest city in the world that declared martial law in 1989?
1 What sign is The Water Carrier the zodiacal symbol for ?
0 What does "E Pluribus Unum" mean on the penny?
0 What is a root canal?
3 Who did Doris Day mean when she said : `` I call him Ernie because he 's certainly no Rock '' ?
4 What is the name of the temple near the capital of Laos?
0 What is the origin of the name Igor ?
5 What is the airport code for Los Angeles International ?
3 What Mexican leader was shot dead in 1923 ?
5 What is the population of Ohio?
3 Who is Rocky 's and Bullwinkle 's ever-lost friend ?
1 What civil war was fought between 1936 and 1939 ?
0 What is the origin of the city "Corpus Christi"?
4 Which country ruled Hitler?
1 What are the names of the different toes ?
2 What is the full name of the PLO?
4 What country has the most time zones , with 11 ?
0 What is sound ?
0 What did the Confederate Constitution say about slavery?
5 When did CNN begin broadcasting ?
3 Which glamorous actress is a close friend of Dick Tracy ?
0 What is chromatology ?
3 Who was the girl in Peter Sellers' soup?
5 What year did Apartheid start ?
1 Mississippi is nicknamed what ?
3 What was the name of the 187th Irish terror group in the Pennsylvania mining industry?
5 How many muscles does the average adult use to walk?
4 Which eastern state has grown the first commercial nuclear power plant in the United States?
3 What British commander surrendered to George Washington in 1781?
1 What is a fear of gravity?
5 How long was the TV mission of Star Trek 's Enterprise to be ?
3 What's Michael Jackson's middle name?
3 Which Japanese car maker had its biggest percentage of sale in the domestic market ?
3 Who is Imam Hussain Ben Ali that the Shiites believe in?
3 Who was chief engineer of the Starship Enterprise ?
5 How many people die of tuberculosis yearly ?
0 What were Archy and Mehitabel?
5 How many important Nazi leaders were tried after the war in Nuremberg?
3 Who is stationed at Camp Swampy in the comic strips ?
1 What are close encounters of the first and second kind ?
1 What line divided the North and South in the U.S. Civil War?
3 What is Nicholas Cage 's profession ?
1 What Broadway musical contained the song ```If I were a rich man?''
1 What Marx Brothers movie is based on a stolen painting?
3 Who said, "I think I'll go out and milk the moose"?
2 What does e.g. stand for ?
1 Name a movie where Jude Law acted.
4 What was the tallest building in America in 1922 ?
3 Who shot and killed himself painting Wheatfield with Crows?
1 What kind of sport is often associated with hooligans ?
3 What U.S. President had brothers-in-law in the Confederate army ?
5 How many times larger than life size is the Statue of Liberty ?
3 Which NBA players had jersey number 0?
0 How do I get access to a spy site?
3 Who succeeded Nikita Khrushchev as first secretary of the Communist Party ?
1 What is the only primate to lack pigment in the palms of its hands ?
0 What does the word terrorism mean?
1 What's a chef doing with eggs?
0 Why doesn 't www.answers.com have any answers to my questions ?
4 What city is the famous Markus Square in?
0 How can you stop the itch from poison ivy ?
0 What does the zoological term "ruminant" mean?
1 What blood sport features a movement called a veronica ?
1 What's a fear of thunder?
4 What general direction does the journey in Around the World in 80 Days proceed in ?
0 How does the speed the magnet spins in a generator affect the output of the generator ?
5 When did Beethoven die?
1 What kind of beer is Rockin'? America.
0 What makes Black Hills, South Dakota a tourist attraction?
5 How long does it take for Spider-Man 's web to evaporate ?
1 Aspartame is also called what?
5 On what date did Rosa Parks Become a symbol of the civil rights movement for refusing to give up her seat on the bus ?
1 What book does Holden Caulfield appear in ?
5 How long does human pregnancy last?
3 Who are Woody Woodpecker's niece and nephew?
3 What was William F. Cody's better name?
5 How many Penny Furthings are there on a Trivial Pursuit board?
5 How many tits does a goat sport do?
0 What is the difference between a bachelor and a 1 bedroom apartment ?
1 What race is 1 , 137 miles long ?
0 What are the major differences in the Catholic and Methodist religions ?
5 When were the Olympic Games in which Nadia Comaneci became popular played ?
3 Who wrote the Pines of Rome?
3 Whose picture is it supposed to be on Turin's tombstone?
3 Who played Humpty Dumpty in the 1933 movie Alice in Wonderland?
4 Tell me what city the Kentucky Horse Park is near ?
3 Who was Shakespeare with the Moorish general?
0 What are the cookies on the Internet?
3 What 's the name of Tom Sawyer 's aunt with whom he lives ?
4 What are some good fractal websites?
3 What California governor said : `` Inaction may be the highest form of action '' ?
5 How far can a human eye see?
5 In what year did Ireland elect its first woman president ?
5 How big is the largest diamond ?
3 What good little witch is Casper's girlfriend?
0 What is the content of sentence 98?
0 What is Zionism?
5 How many neurons are in the human brain ?
5 How many school districts are there in the United States ?
4 In what city was Bobby Kennedy murdered?
1 What's a fear of trees?
5 What are the odds of giving birth to twins ?
0 How do you destroy bees that are in the walls of your house? Will bees stay for the winter?
3 What famous actress made her first appearance on stage at the age of five in the year 191 as `` Baby '' ?
0 How do I change a file from an ART file to a JPEG or Bitmap file ?
3 What U.S. general died December 1 , 1945 , when his jeep collided with a truck ?
0 How can you stop it?
3 Who fired Maria Ybarra from her position on the San Diego Council?
1 What European race sees the winner of the mountain stage with a shirt with big red points?
0 How does the car in `` Christine '' become possessed ?
4 What nationality was Jackson Pollock ?
1 What's a fear of madness?
0 What happened to Answers.com?
0 What is the 401 , K , plan ?
0 What is splatterpunk ?
0 What is the origin of the term soda jerk ?
0 What's a hernia?
1 To what does Microsoft 's Windows 3 owe its success ?
0 What is Colin Powell best known for ?
1 What is the name of the ` female ' counterpart to El Nino , which results in cooling temperatures and very dry weather ?
5 How many feet are there in a fathom?
3 What is a person called that likes fire ?
1 Which animals can live longest without food?
5 How many bones are in the human hand ?
3 What people make up half the Soviet Union 's population ?
5 What is the per capita income of Colombia, South America?
1 What's wrong with a man who suffers from diphalic terata?
1 What color are school buses ?
4 Where can I find pictorial directions on how to build a very simple treehouse ?
1 What disease is the second -largest killer in North America?
4 Which arch do you see from Place de la Concorde?
0 What do the red and white stripes mean in a hair salon?
0 What is Australia Day?
0 How does a small businessman contact the Good Humor Ice Cream company to do business with them ?
4 What country did King Wenceslas rule ?
0 How do I register a trade name in North Carolina?
0 What do I have to do to get good grades in school ?
0 What are pomegranates ?
5 How much did the Iran-Contra investigation cost ?
0 What is the economic impact of unemployment on the economy ?
0 What does `` Philebus-like '' mean ?
1 What Marx Brothers movie centers on a stolen painting ?
0 Why do some clothing labels say "Use a chlorine -free sheet"?
1 What Leoncavallo opera features a prologue by a clown ?
3 Name of the lady the Great Gatsby pines for ?
3 What company 's trademark was His Master 's Voice ?
4 Where can I find book reviews of ```Turbulent Souls''?
4 What attracts tourists to Reims ?
0 What is a drought?
0 How did P.T. Barnum account for the tiny Charles S. Stratton?
3 What group was formed in the 1969 after police encountered resistance from customers in Stonewall, a gay bar in Greenwich Village?
0 What does hamburger like steak burger do?
4 What sea surrounds the Cayman Islands ?
0 How do I log on to the main page of the U.S. command?
4 What city boasts of the Billingsgate fish market?
5 When was the San Francisco fire?
2 What do the letters CE stand for on so many products , particularly electrical , purchased now ?
1 What disease is transmitted by the Anopheles mosquito ?
1 What two vegetables are combined in succotash ?
5 How many chemical elements are there ?
1 What joins white wine to put the spritz in a Spritzer ?
1 What kind of flowers does detective Nero Wolfe raise ?
3 Who was Maria Theresa?
0 What prompted the co-pilot of the Enola Gay to enter only `` My God '' in his log ?
5 How much does a ton of cement cost?
3 Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?
3 Who played the most in Hollywood Squares?
3 What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Craft?
4 What 's the world 's largest cathedral ?
5 What is the population of Biloxi, Mississippi?
4 Where are the apartments in Saint John, New Brunswick?
1 What Aesop 's fable has the moral : `` The race is not always to the swift. Slow and steady is bound to win '' ?
4 Which country is Kosovo?
1 What's the color part of the eye called?
1 Name a technique widely used to detect birth defects ?
1 What operating system do IBM -compatible machines use?
4 What London street claims to be the world center for men's tailoring?
4 What state in the U.S. has the most blacks ?
4 Name a civil war battlefield .
4 What are the largest Indian airports?
4 Where's Qatar?
5 What are the dates of the police race in Pamplona (Spain)?
5 When is the site www.questions.com going to open ?
3 What's the name of the woman who was with John Belushi when he died?
3 Who is the director of the international group called the Human Genome Organization (HUGO), which wants to coordinate gene mapping research worldwide?
5 How high must a mountain be to be called a mountain ?
3 Which school does Archie go to?
1 What cocktail inspired John Doxat to write the book Stirred -Not Shaken?
1 What color were Ernest Hemingway's eyes?
0 What else has the swastika stood for ?
5 How big is the Matterhorn?
5 How many chairs are shown in Vincent Van Gogh 's 188 work The Artist 's Room in Arles ?
1 Which Broadway musical was inspired by Cervantes's Don Quixote?
3 Who said, "Give me freedom or give me death?"
1 Name a tiger that is extinct .
3 Who is the founder and publisher of The National Review?
4 Which country is known for Persian rugs?
1 What is a fear of lice ?
0 How did the tradition of the best man begin?
3 Who made the deodorant that claimed that it `` actually builds up resistance to odor '' ?
0 What is the origin of the atom?
5 What year did the Vietnam War end?
1 Which came first , according to Genesis 1 : 2 : 22 - the chicken or the egg ?
4 What river runs through Liverpool ?
3 Who used AuH2O as an election slogan ?
4 What is the most useful page on the Internet?
0 How do boats swim?
1 What creature scares people in the film `` Jaws '' ?
0 What is the evidence that domestic plants metabolize carcinogens?
3 Who is John Macarthur, 1767 -1834?
5 How many zeros are there in a trillion ?
1 Which card game derived its name from Biritch or Russian Whist?
4 What desert is the garden of God called?
4 Which two European countries have entered the war of American independence against the British?
1 What is the brand name of the chemical Daminozide?
0 Why was the L.A. office of Shea and Gould closed ?
3 What is the present Pope named ?
5 What day of the week sees the most fatal car accidents ?
1 Which sex has bigger thighs?
3 What 's the most common surname in America ?
0 Why do pharmacists work on raised floors ?
3 What famous TV talk show host was a lay predator when he was seventeen?
1 What were the ceremonies like in the time of Elisabeth?
3 Who wrote the Sci -Fi Trilogy Foundation, Foundation and Empire and Second Foundation?
5 What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
1 What musical instrument did Prewitt play in James Jones's From Here to Eternity?
4 Where can I learn about Samuel Gompers ?
1 What fossils form coprolite?
3 Whose cupboard was bare ?
1 What movie tour of the Roman empire features the admonition : `` Row well and live '' ?
4 Where did the Summer Olympics take place in the 1936s?
0 What is the song "Stairway to Heaven" by Led Zeppelin?
2 CNN is an acronym for what ?
3 Name 11 famous martyr.
4 What country has the port of Haifa ?
5 What is the current unemployment rate in the U.S. ?
5 How many kids does Ray Davies have from the Kinks?
1 What TV show did John Sebastian sing the theme for ?
4 Where can I find a "Fifth Element" screen saver?
5 How many layers of yellow paint is a Faber Mongol pencil lucky enough to be sprayed with ?
3 Who was the first golfer to make a million dollars?
0 What are the Poconos ?
4 Which country includes 8, 600, 387 square kilometers?
1 Which paper serves Salt Lake City?
4 What is one of the cities in which the University of Minnesota is located?
5 What is the per-capita income of Colombia , South America ?
4 Which theater district of the city was called "The Roaring Forties"?
4 What two countries ' coastlines border the Bay of Biscay ?
1 What trophy is awarded to the winners of the Super Bowl ?
1 Where does your hair grow the fastest ?
0 How can I easily remove red wine stains from T -shirts?
4 What country borders Denmark to the south ?
3 Which dummy graduated from Northwestern University?
4 Where did the Japanese Imperial Forces surrender to end WWII ?
3 Who was the only person convicted in the My Lai Massacre ?
1 What is the second largest magazine in America?
0 What is mandibulofacial dystosis?
4 Where can I find the best free evidence for debate about Russia ?
5 What is the date of the boxing day?
4 What Russian city used to be called St. Petersburg and Petrograd ?
1 What did Martin Luther post on the church door at Wittenberg ?
3 What President once told Gene Autry : `` Please give my regards to your wife Dale '' ?
1 Name the two mystical ravens Odin has at his command .
3 What occupation has the highest divorce rate ?
0 What are the distinct physical characterstics of the Arabian horse ?
5 What year did Germany sign its nonaggression pact with the Soviet Union ?
3 What are the names of Jack's original roommates at Three's Company?
3 Who is Pia Zadora 's millionaire husband and mentor ?
1 Winnie the Pooh is what kind of animal ?
1 What film tells of Anna Anderson's claim to be the daughter of the Russian Tsar?
3 Who invented the electric guitar?
3 Which actor and airman of World War II had put a $5,0 capital of Hermann Goering on his head?
4 What is the largest city in Connecticut ?
0 What caused the Lynmouth floods ?
4 What was the highest mountain on Earth before Mount Everest was discovered?
1 What color is `` ash '' ?
0 What is the origin of the Christmas tree ?
0 What 's the difference between sleet and freezing rain ?
4 Where can I find information about George Bush?
5 How many movies has Drew Barrymore been in ?
0 What is the root of all evil ?
4 What bay sparkles next to Miami , Florida ?
5 How big is a normal penis for a 15 -year -old?
3 What actor and actress have made the most movies ?
5 How long do hermit crabs live ?
3 What pseudonym did William Sydney Porter use in writing The Gift of the Magi ?
3 Who was Darth Vader 's son ?
0 What are the side effects of mevacor ?
5 How much cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside?
3 Who holds the NFL record for most touchdowns in a season ?
3 Who played the most games for the New York Yankees?
5 How many Stradivarius violins have you ever produced?
3 What actor starred in 1980 's Blue Lagoon , 1982 's The Pirate Movie and 1983 's A Night in Heaven ?
4 Which country is last on an alphabetical list?
4 Which gate opened in East and West Berlin?
5 What are the average costs for four years of medical school?
0 What does the name `` Justin '' mean ?
3 What famous coach said if you can't beat her in the alley, you can't beat her on the ice?
3 Who painted mother and child?
1 Which colors are most sensitive to light?
0 What is a storm surge ?
0 What exactly is the purpose of the anteater ?
3 Who was the only president to serve two nonconsecutive terms ?
5 What was the first minimum wage?
4 Name the country of giants twelve times the size of man in `` Gulliver 's Travels . ''
5 How much stronger is the new glass -shaped carbon material invented by the Tokyo Institute of Technology compared to the cellulose material?
3 What is the secret identity of comedian photographer Peter Parker?
1 What bowl game began as an East-West contest between Michigan and Stanford in 192 ?
3 What is Larry King 's job ?
3 What's Dr. Ruth's last name?
1 Jude Law was in what movie ?
4 What two cities usually mark the extremes of English Channel swims ?
3 Who was Jean Nicolet ?
4 What European country boasts the city of Furth , found where the rivers Rednitz and Pegnitz converge ?
4 Where can I get information and statistics on countries and nations ?
5 How many square feet is Bill Gates ' home ?
1 What are some important events of the 1830 's ?
2 What is SVHS?
1 What's heavier with cream or milk?
5 When does menstruation begin ?
0 How was Lawrence?
3 Who was the only U.S. President to wear a Nazi uniform ?
0 How do I get another city paper?
4 What continent 's name appears on the upper left corner of a Budweiser label ?
4 What was the nationality of Jackson Pollock ?
4 Where is the bridge over the river Kwai ?
0 What is a common dolphin ?
3 Name the company that used the line , `` Even your best friend won 't tell you '' in its ad ?
1 In what medium is Stuart Hammlen considered the first singing cowboy?
1 What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?
3 Who built the rotary engine?
4 Where are the Union Stockyards ?
3 What was the name of the 6.500 German air force that used the Spanish Civil War as a training exercise?
3 What company named one of its pens `` The Banana '' ?
5 How fast is light ?
5 What is the average time a male needs to ejaculate?
5 The Iraqis launched their attack on Kuwait on what day ?
1 What does a heliologist study ?
3 What artist 's studio was the Bateau-Lavoir in Montmartre ?
0 Why is Thanksgiving on a Thursday ?
0 What is the poetic meter of blank verse ?
1 What 's the highest hand in straight poker ?
5 How often are quadruplets born ?
1 Where do your hair grow fastest?
3 What is the most common nickname of the U.S. college football teams?
4 What country boasts Ismail 's Palace and the Palace of King Farouk ?
5 What are the unemployment statistics for the 1965s and 1990s?
1 What British television series inspired All in the Family?
0 What is Swap Math?
1 What are the four elements?
0 What is the origin of the midwest slang , ` you 're darn tootin ' ?
1 What musical instrument did Sherlock Holmes play ?
3 What is Nicholas Cage's profession?
1 What soap was praised as ````for people who'''''''like'?
3 Who is the President of Ghana?
5 What does an average day care worker pay in New England?
3 Which organisation does the Security Council belong to?
0 What made the short-lived Star Hawks strip so unique ?
1 Which cattle has the greatest variety of breeds?
4 Where is Melbourne ?
5 When was the first American encyclopedia published ?
5 How many people are hiking?
3 What TV sitcom character had the maiden name Ethel Potter ?
5 How much money does a back injury charge get?
4 What are the only two states that incorporate the Confederate battalion into their flags?
1 What's the name of a young fox?
1 What animal has killed the most people ?
3 Who died a meter from John F. Kennedy?
0 How does a submarine operate ?
4 What is the location of Procter Gamble?
3 What Argentine boxer was shot dead outside a Nevada brothel in May ?
5 When are sheep shorn ?
3 What detective lives on Punchbowl Hill and has 11 -year -olds?
1 What did Johnny Horton sing about the sea terror?
0 What is Boston Kreme ?
4 In what part of the world is Mozambique ?
3 Who is the Prime Minister of China?
4 What is the best place to live in the world, taking into account the climate, civilization?
1 What is the most advanced handheld calculator in the world ?
1 What class of animals makes up more than two-thirds of known species ?
0 What makes popcorn pop ?
5 When was the combustion engine developed?
1 What was originally defined as one 1-millionth of the distance from the equator to the Pole ?
5 How many quarters are equal to a pound?
4 What desert country borders Saudi Arabia , Iraq and the Persian Gulf ?
3 Which Frenchman said this? If God did not exist, it would be necessary to invent him.''
4 What was the highest mountain on earth before Mount Everest was discovered ?
1 What does Final Four mean in the sports world?
4 What province is Edmonton located in ?
1 What does it take to become a lawyer ?
5 How many calories are there in a Big Mac?
0 Why do they call it a funny bone?
0 How do I e-mail someone at aol.com from yahoo.com ?
0 What causes headaches?
4 Where were the 1936 Summer Olympics held ?
1 What after-dinner treat was invented in 1916 at the George Jung noodle factory in Los Angeles ?
5 What time does Wee Willie Winkie run through the town ?
1 What Hermann Hesse book gave its name to a rock group ?
1 In which sport are these numbers relevant: 118, 126, 134, 142, 15, 158, 167, 177 and 19?
0 What exactly , specifically does sleep do for you ?
3 Who was the famous door -to -door brusher?
0 What does the name Billie mean?
5 How far is the universe?
4 What U.S. state lived under six flags ?
0 How to make a bibliography with an unknown author?
1 What kind of sport is Chris Jogis a top player of?
0 How do I get a CCT diagram?
3 Who founded the first aerodynamics laboratory in 1912 ?
4 Where can I find correct tabs for Third Eye Blind songs ?
0 What are the strengths and weaknesses of the Green Lantern ring?
3 Who invented the muppets?
0 What is the meaning of subaru?
3 Who was the accused in The Trial of the Century , which opened Janurary 1 , 1935 ?
4 Which is the wealthiest country in the world ?
0 How were the days of the week named ?
4 What sea is Bombay on?
0 What exactly is the purpose of the Anteater?
3 What does Larry King do for a living ?
0 What is a "knot" in computer terms?
0 How can I enlarge my biceps?
0 What is the purpose of a car bra?
5 How fast do cheetahs run?
1 What was Franklin Roosevelt 's program for economic recovery called during the Great Depression ?
1 What common disease can't be caught at the North Pole?
5 How big is Stuart Little at birth?
5 How long should you wash your hands before you're clean?
3 What American poet wrote : `` Good fences make good neighbors '' ?
3 What famous actress has her first appearance on stage at the age of five in the 191 year as a "baby"?
0 Why did Europeans first come to Australia and Oceania ?
5 How many Member States are in the UN?
4 Where's Ayer's Rock?
3 Who's Luke Skywalker with his father?
1 What part of your body does the corpus callosum contain?
1 What drink contains as many types of rum as possible ?
0 What does "Philebus -like" mean?
1 What is a fear of clouds ?
0 What is the definition of Cecum?
3 What President served for five years , six months and 2 days ?
3 What is the full name of the man who invented the multicolored game cube that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations ?
0 How do companies cut paper so thin?
5 How many characters form a word for the writing test?
1 What 's the biggest-selling U.S. magazine aimed at a black audience ?
3 Which of the following celebrities started his show-biz career as a disc jockey ?
4 Which country is the largest producer of tungsten?
5 How many letters appear with the numbers from 2 to 9 on a phone?
1 What 's the favorite food of dragonflies ?
1 In what sport are these following numbers relevant : 118 , 126 , 134 , 142 , 15 , 158 , 167 , 177 , and 19 ?
5 How long does a dog sleep ?
3 Who was the first X-Man to die in battle ?
3 Who is Prince Naseem Hamed?
0 What do the twelve days of Christmas mean?
0 What was the Vietnam War ?
3 What Cherokee Indian gave his name to a tree?
3 Who was the first black performer to have his own network TV show ?
0 What 's the proud claim to fame of the young women who formed Kappa Alpha Theta ?
4 Which U.S. state is last on an alphabetical list?
3 Who wrote "The Pit and the Pendulum"?
4 Where is the Keck telescope ?
5 What's Columbia Tristar's phone number?
5 How many people live in Chile ?
1 What's the U.S. Navy anthem?
1 What is the greatest source of `` white '' magic in the Marvel Universe ?
3 CNN is owned by whom ?
3 What kind of doctor is synonymous with shoes and foot care?
5 How many years do fossils form?
1 What is the correct way to mount a roll of toilet paper ?
1 What color beans did the ancient Romans refuse to eat ?
4 Where are the 49 steps ?
3 Which baseball player had run most of the time?
0 How does the lightning move?
1 What is the strongest caffeinated beverage?
4 Where does Mother Angelica live ?
3 What name did football 's New York Titans adopt in 1963 ?
4 What province is Edmonton in?
4 What European city do Nicois live in ?
3 Who 's the only man to have won the Olympic decathlon twice ?
4 What are the ten safest American cities for pedestrians?
0 Where does Braun's last name come from?
1 What breed of dog was the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?
1 Which magazine is `` fine entertainment for men '' ?
5 When did Fraze get his first patent for the Pull -Tab can?
3 Who built cars with rotary engines?
3 What son of a 15 -year -old Mexican girl and a half -Irish father became the most famous Greek in the world?
3 What was the nickname of Frederick I , Holy Roman Emperor and King of Germany ?
3 Which Rockefeller was sometimes called JDR3?
3 What Spanish artist painted Crucifixion ?
1 What do the French call La Manche?
5 When did the average teenager first have intercourse?
1 How do you say I love you in Spanish ?
4 Which Colorado City owns its own glacier?
1 What are the different types of plastic ?
1 What are the three animals in Sheila Burnford's The Incredible Journey?
0 What's the difference between a bachelor and a one -bedroom apartment?
1 What snack food has ribs?
1 Which animal migrates the farthest?
4 What bordering country is due north of Costa Rica ?
3 What baseball player was walked the most times ?
1 Madonna advertises for what soft drink ?
1 What is a language spoken by the Sioux ?
1 What is the best way to overcome a fear?
4 On what continent is Bolivia?
4 What is the longest river in Canada?
2 What does the blue tape mean?
3 What role do fruits play in the survival of plants ?
0 What is the claim to fame of Agra , India ?
1 What 1981 Candice Bergen - Jacqueline Bisset Film was a remake of 1943's Old Acquaintance?
1 What kind of weapons were used in the medieval war?
4 What North American city would you visit to see Cleopatra 's Needle ?
1 Which hair care product told us `` hate that gray , wash it away '' ?
4 Where was "I fell" and I said "I can't get up" first?
5 When was Christ born?
3 Who markets spaghetti -o's?
3 Who invented the fountain ?
0 What is the `` coppertop '' battery ?
2 What is the abbreviation of the National Bureau of Investigation?
4 Where is Natick ?
0 What is the definition of cosmology ?
5 What are the chances of pregnancy if the penis does not enter the vagina?
1 What animal is present in Spielberg "Jaws"?
3 Name the trick film genre that Nancy and Chuck cast with the magic ring.
5 When did the First World War start?
3 Who did Arthur H. Bremer try to assassinate on May 15 , 1972 ?
0 What are "inkhorn terms"?
5 What is the chemical reactivity of Neon?
3 What was the former name of the Commonwealth?
5 How many stars are there in Big Dipper ?
1 What do you call the feeling of having experienced something before ?
1 What 1927 silent film received an international review in 1981?
1 What was Tom Wolfe's favorite sport of the Pump House Gang?
4 Where can I go with a steam locomotive?
4 Where is Santa Lucia ?
4 Where can I find a list of all companies in America that offer a direct stock purchase plan?
4 What are the ten largest cities in the United States?
3 What names does the world know of Kyriakos Theotokopoulos?
3 What onetime member of Ronald Reagan 's cabinet called federal policy toward Indians `` an example of the failure of socialism '' ?
5 How many people died because of a smoking problem in 1997 ?
5 How hot should the oven be when baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
5 What is the population of Japan?
0 What did the only repealed amendment to the U.S. Constitution deal with ?
0 What do you say to a friend who ignores you for other friends ?
0 Why is Thanksgiving on Thursday?
5 When does the Bible say the seasons started ?
1 What blood sport shows a movement called veronica?
5 What year was Gandhi murdered?
0 What is a urologist ?
3 What Scottish poet penned To a Mouse and To a Louse ?
5 On which dates does the running of the bulls occur in Pamplona , Spain ?
3 Who's Terrence Malick?
1 What do chefs call The Master Spice ?
3 Which company uses the unknown faces of its celebrity speakers to promote the use of its product?
0 What is InterLata Internet Service?
3 Who gave us the `` Rolling Writer '' ?
0 What is a cullion ?
1 The Jewish alphabet is known as what ?
0 What is the meaning of W.B. Yeat's poem, ```` The Three Hermits''
4 In what city was Martin Luther King Jr. murdered?
4 Which two Caribbean countries share the island of Hispaniola?
0 What is a gas release?
5 When was the Brandenburg Gate built in Berlin?
3 Who were the 1974 Oscar winners ?
1 What race is 1137 miles long?
4 What is the name of the gulf between Sweden and Finland ?
1 What did Woody Allen call the Japanese gangster film he dubbed into English as a comedy ?
5 How deep is a fathom ?
5 What is the average age of a member of the team that worked on the Manhatten Project ?
3 Whose kidnaping was termed The Crime of the Century ?
0 What function does a community 's water tower serve ?
0 Why is Jane Goodall famous?
0 What is Barnstorming?
3 Name the On Stage character whose face was never seen .
1 What is the official language of Algeria?
0 How can I find out how much income tax is paid on social security income in the 1998 income tax?
3 What is the name of the brilliant British economist behind his creation?
4 What Scandinavian country covers 173 , 732 square miles ?
5 How much waste does an average dairy cow produce in one day?
3 Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?
4 Where was George Washington born ?
1 What do West Indian steel bands use as instruments ?
4 What city in Georgia condemned Scarlett O'Hara as full of intrusive people?
0 What is a serigraph?
0 What are Kythnos, Siphnos, Seriphos and Mykonos?
4 What city in Texas got its name from Spanish for "yellow"?
3 What are the top ten most common girl names in the US ?
0 What is the origin and the meaning of the name , `` Hajo ? ''
3 What was the first U.S.-based team in the NHL ?
4 Which flag is green?
1 What concerts are held in New York this week ?
5 What day is called the "National Day of Prayer"?
3 Who killed Lee Harvey Oswald?
1 What film was Jude Law in ?
4 Where can I get a complete listing of showtimes in my area ?
1 What is Tom Wolfe about the Mercury astronauts?
3 Who are the two sons of Ozzie and Harriet Nelson?
1 What five-time winner of the Kentucky Derby lost his first 25 races ?
4 What are all the southern states of the United States ?
5 How many years ago did Led Zeppelin release its last album ?
5 How many holes are there in a tenpin bowling ball ?
5 How many people died in the Vietnam war ?
1 What beer tells us , `` Grab all the gusto you can get . '' ?
5 What's the speed of the Mississippi?
1 What are fingernails made of?
1 What was the killer whale that died of a fungal infection called Sea World?
1 What trophy will be awarded to the winners of the Super Bowl?
1 What dangles over the tongue from the palate ?
0 What is a Trembling Participation?
0 How do birds have sex ?
4 What is the snowiest city in the U.S. ?
3 Who played Lucas McCain at The Rifleman?
1 What is `` the soft drink for adults '' ?
3 Who was the first black man to coach a Major League professional sports team?
5 How many elevators do you ride to reach the top floor of the Empire State Building ?
0 What can you do about snoring?
4 Where can I find information about Bob Barr , representative from Georgia ?
3 Who wrote The Ugly Duckling?
4 Which island group contains Jersey, Guernsey, Sark and Herm?
5 How many people did the United Nations commit to help restore order and distribute humanitarian relief in Somalia in September 1992 ?
3 Who was in Death of a Salesman original movie , not 1985 ?
1 What is the name of a language spoken by the Sioux ?
0 Why was Muhammad Ali stripped of his title and banned from boxing in 1967?
5 When did man first land on the moon?
3 Who is Mia Farrow 's mother ?
1 What do you get when you mix gin and vermouth?
0 What is the VDRL test of blood ?
4 Where must a soccer goalie stand to be permitted to handle the ball ?
5 How many species of the Great White shark are there ?
0 How is the Easter Sunday date set?
5 How many votes does Colorado have?
5 How many people lived in Nebraska in the mid 1900s ?
5 When did Lucelly Garcia , a former ambassador of Columbia to Honduras , die ?
1 Which book is subtitled The Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life?
5 What is the gestation period for human pregnancies ?
0 What does the blood SED rate mean?
3 Who won two gold medals in skiing in the Olympic Games in Calgary ?
0 What is the highest Roman number?
1 Name an American made motorcycle .
3 What is Dr. Ruth 's last name ?
0 How would someone go about becoming an organ donor ?
3 What comic from TV's golden age went according to the motto'Everything for a laugh'?
5 How long does it take to blink an eye?
2 When reading classifieds, what does EENTY mean: other stands for?
0 What is cunnilingus ?
5 What was the death rate in the USA in 1969?
3 What is the oldest profession?
3 Who led the Normans to victory in the battle of Hastings?
4 Where is the Virtual Desk Reference ?
5 How many of them are in sub -Saharan Africa?
5 How many visitors go to the Vatican each year ?
3 Who became president of the U.S. in 1789 ?
4 What is the website for the USA journal ?
0 What does Hazmat stand for?
1 What is Jell-O made from ?
0 Why does the sun shine only a short time in Alaska ?
0 What are geckos?
1 What rituals accompany the circumcision of a newborn child in Judaism?
4 Where was the first zoo in the United States?
0 What is the origin of the first name ` Breony ' ?
1 What are the top 5 fiction books of all time ?
0 What's it like to experience a near -death episode?
3 Which Asian spiritual and political leader was at the age of 13.
1 What is California 's state bird ?
1 What class is categorized as the bourgeoisie ?
1 What gender is not allowed to vote in Kuwait ?
3 Who is the richest woman in the world ?
4 Where do lobsters like to live ?
4 Kosovo is a province of what country?
0 What is the Hub of London?
5 How long was the OJ Simpson trial ?
1 What is celebrated during the week of February 21-27 ?
1 What relation of the raccoon is sometimes known as a cat bear?
1 What new games are there for Nintendo 64?
4 What was the tallest building in America in the 192's?
5 How old was Sir Edmund Hillary when he climbed Mt. Everest ?
3 Which group played in the film Rock Around the Clock?
0 What do Esa -Pekka salons look like?
1 What did people use to freshen their breath before the toothpaste?
3 Who portrayed the title character in The Day of the Schakal?
3 What South African producer made a 1988 profit of $836 million?
0 How did Rocky Marciano die ?
4 What country and western singer is known as The Silver Fox ?
0 What do economists do?
1 What fruits does the fig produce?
1 What kind of animals were in the Paleozoic era ?
1 What is the second favorite sport in the world?
3 Who lived on the shores of the Gitchee Gumee River ?
1 What is the fear of cockroaches called ?
1 What chemicals are used in Glowsticks?
4 Where is the Rose Bowl played ?
5 How much pizza do Americans eat in one day?
2 What is the abbreviation of the International Olympic Committee ?
3 Name's Dick Tracy's two kids.
1 What type of food makes you fat ?
4 What part of the world is Mozambique in?
4 Where's that disgusting snowman supposed to be?
1 Which ear can most people hear better?
3 Who was the founding member of the Pink Floyd band?
1 What is the zodiac sign for August 14?
3 Which actress has received most Oscar nominations?
3 What was Fred Astaire 's dancing partner 's name ?
5 What month is the third weekend of the Monterey Jazz Festival?
4 Where is Dartmouth College?
1 What shampoo prevents eczema, seborrhea and psoriasis?
3 What actor married John F. Kennedy 's sister ?
0 What is cosmology?
5 How many community Chest cards are there in Monopoly?
3 Who's the youngest of the Beatles?
4 What famed London criminal court was once a feudal castle ?
1 How do you say `` Grandma '' in Irish ?
3 What was Al Capone 's nickname ?
2 What does IOC stand for ?
5 How many colors are there in a rainbow ?
1 What deck of cards includes the Wheel of Fortune , the Lovers , and Death ?
4 Which capital is the tallest?
5 When did Aldous Huxley write , `` Brave New World '' ?
3 Who was Randy Steven Craft 's lawyer ?
0 How did people respond to the idea of the first millenium ?
3 Who runs Andy Capp 's favorite pub ?
4 What e -mail address does Mark McGwire have?
0 How did the months of the year come to be named?
1 What is the music used in the new VW Beetle commercial where the car turns and the colors change?
3 Who invented the process to make condensed milk?
5 When was John D. Rockefeller born ?
5 How much would it cost to purchase a 2-foot-square party tent , with sides , ?
3 Who moderated the first Kennedy-Nixon TV debate ?
1 What is the name given to a group of geese ?
4 Which river runs the Grand Coulee dam?
0 How do you pronounce the word "qigong"?
4 Where in the Bible does it tell about Jesus Christ 's brothers and sisters ?
1 What's a fear of clouds?
4 Which country and western singer is known as Silver Fox?
3 Who was Randy Steven Craft's lawyer?
0 How can people from Ireland come to the US, work and then return to Ireland?
0 Why do some clothing labels say `` Use a nonchlorine bleach '' ?
0 Why are there letters on the phone? Why is there no Q or Z?
1 What animal causes the biggest threat to humans ?
5 How long does the average domesticated ferret live ?
0 What is the Home Rule Act?
0 What is the children's song Rock -a -by Baby about?
1 What indoor sport saw the Phoenix Inferno become the Phoenix Pride on July 14 , 1983 , when the temperature hit 111 degrees ?
3 What is the airline for professional travellers?
4 What famed library can you reach by dialing 22-287-5 ?
0 How has television influenced our society?
4 What state does Charles Robb represent ?
3 Which Ivy League school plays their home games at Palmer Stadium?
0 What measures can be taken to prevent diabetes?
3 What cigarette company urged us , `` Come to where the flavor is ? ''
4 Where can I find a list of `` classic '' books 5th and 6th graders should read ?
4 What sea did the Romans call Stute nostrum?
5 How many grooves are on a dime 's edge ?
4 What mountainous region of the world is the Lhasa Apso dog native to ?
5 How many letters appear with the numbers 2 to 9 on a telephone dial ?
5 How big is Kilamanjaro?
0 What are tonsils for ?
4 What Las Vegas hotel burned in November , 1980 , with the loss of 84 lives ?
4 Which country is the setting for Edgar Allan Poe's The Pit and the Pendulum?
1 What format was VHS 's main competition ?
3 Who designed the London Bridge?
3 What researchers followed Columbus to America?
0 How did Rocky Marciano die?
1 Madonna advertises for what soft drink?
4 Where was the first restaurant?
5 How many votes in Congress were against the 1941 declaration of war against Japan?
5 How many people died on South Carolina highways in 1998 ?
1 What are the first six words of Dickens'A Tale of Two Cities?
4 Where did Tau come from?
0 What is a plant supplement ?
1 What are some colorful flowers that will bloom in New England in autumn?
3 Who was the first woman to run the mile in less than 4 36893 minutes ?
5 What was the Great Britain population from 1699-172 ?
3 What Russian composer 's Prelude in C Sharp Minor brought him fame and fortune ?
4 Where can I buy a hat like the kind Jay Kay from Jamiroquai wears ?
4 Where does the song Anything Goes take place ?
0 What's the seven -minute cigarette?
4 Which continent has the most roses?
3 What's Robin Williams doing?
1 What flower did Vincent Van Gogh paint?
1 What product did William Horlick discover and produce ?
4 What country boasts the most dams ?
3 What kind of business is 7-Eleven ?
4 What building are British monarchs crowned in ?
3 What role did John Peter Zenger play in the development of the newspaper in America?
3 Who invented the paper clip?
3 Who was International Olympic Committee chairman at the 1936 Summer Games ?
4 What river flows through Liverpool?
0 Why are the ears your center of balance ?
0 What is the main application of sodium hydrosulfite ?
5 What year was the NAACP founded ?
4 Which country is the largest country in Latin America ?
0 How did the Hohenzollern build their power around 17?
5 How many casinos are there in Atlantic City, NJ?
5 How much will gas be taxed in California by the year 2000 ?
0 How do you tell your parents you are dating an older man ?
0 What do I need to learn to design web pages ?
4 Where is McCarren Airport ?
0 What is a ``False Moon''?
0 How do I activate my LAN card so that it can be connected to another computer without HUB?
1 What colors make a rainbow?
3 Who portrayed Sherlock Holmes in 14 films between 1939 and 1946 ?
4 Where can I buy a pony on the Big Island for my daughter ?
4 Which area produces the least acidic coffee?
0 What is the origin of the word Marijuana ?
3 What schools in Washington, DC NN NN VBP NN NN NN NN NN.
0 How's salt?
4 What city has the world 's longest subway system ?
5 How far is London UK from California?
5 When was Babe Ruth born?
3 Where do Herb and Tootsie live next door?
0 How do I install a tile floor ?
1 In what war were there battles at Papagei's Beak and Black Virgin?
5 How old is Benny Carter?
3 What rock group made a noise in the White House singing American Woman?
3 Who won the most Super Bowls?
0 Why do the chickenpoxs last so long ?
5 What is the protection rate of condoms?
3 Who served as inspiration for the schoolteacher portrayed by Robin Williams in `` Dead Poets Society '' ?
3 Which Hungarian cardinal was first a prisoner of state and then a refugee in the U.S. embassy 1956 to 1971?
4 What is the US Federal Government website for Standard Industrial Classification codes, SIC?
0 What did Mighty Mouse always sing as he went into action ?
4 What are the five most expensive cities in the world ?
0 How do you clean up a cache?
3 Who is Colin Powell ?
5 When was `` the Great Depression '' ?
4 What is the location of Edinburgh , Scotland ?
3 What president 's ghost is said to haunt the White House ?
5 What 's the percentage of children aged two through eleven who watch ` 'The Simpsons ' ?
0 What is Graduate School?
4 What country 's national passenger rail system is called Via ?
1 What television programme has described the lives of Katy Holstrum and Congressman Glen Morley?
3 Who made the muppets?
5 How much would Alaska cost if it was bought by Russia?
5 How many spaces follow a period at the end of a sentence ?
0 How do I keep cats out of my flower garden for good ?
0 What was Nine Tailors, the 1974 TV series about?
4 What country would you visit to ski in the Dolomites ?
1 What does a Risen One steal?
1 What type of currency is used in China ?
4 Where did Freidreich Wilhelm Ludwig Leichhardt , Prussian born explorer , go to school ?
5 When is the Thai New Year ?
5 How many movies has Drew Barrymore been in?
1 What products use a tiger as a symbol?
0 What is probability theory?
3 What is the most common name of boys or girls?
0 What was a Mae West on a World War II battleship?
0 From what cause does tuberculosis stem ?
1 Which 1895 H.G. Wells novel was written under the title The Chronic Argonauts?
0 What is a leaky heart valve?
1 What film canine is buried in Pere-Lachaise cemetery in Paris ?
1 What is the formula to calculate pi ?
0 What does Elysium mean ?
1 What's a fear of being cold?
5 What was the date of Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait ?
3 Which team won the Super Bowl in 1968?
1 Which Kevin Costner movie involves the Sioux Indians ?
2 CPR is the abbreviation for what?
1 What 's the second-lightest element ?
0 What does the term Spaghetti Western mean?
0 What does the name Anthony mean?
3 Which bestseller of the modern poet was the co -founder of the famous City Lights Bookshop in San Francisco?
0 What is "Chicago Hope"?
1 What 's the most abundant element in the sun ?
0 What does `` antidisestablishmentarianism '' mean ?
0 How do I tie dye clothes ?
1 What are the different approaches of systems analysis ?
0 What is the origin of the surname of Braun ?
1 What was the first TV with a remote?
4 Which country received all the Nobel Prizes in 1976?
0 What is humidity ?
0 What does Inuit and Eskimo mean ?
3 Who stopped making diary entries on May 31 , 1669 , because he thought he was going blind ?
1 What did Jimmy Stewart invent?
1 What sign is the best love play for a horoscope sign?
0 How is the strontium cleaned?
1 What was the ruin of many poor boys in New Orleans?
0 What do the figures represent on the Easter Island ?
5 How many people live in Chile?
0 How does light travel through the void of space if there is no medium for it to ` wave ' or ` pulse ' .
1 What game is Garry Kasparov really good at ?
0 What happened in the Long March ?
1 What does a polyorchid man have of at least three?
1 What's the trademark of a Washington Redskin fan?
2 What does A &W of Root Beer Fame mean?
3 Who's Coronado?
0 What is a virtual IP address ?
1 What kind of fish is a coney ?
4 What Japanese city was once called Edo ?
3 Who portrayed Carl Bernstein in All the President 's Men ?
1 What was the first domesticated bird?
5 When was the Bill of Rights ratified?
0 What is the difference between TFT and Dual -Scan display?
0 What is the origin of the word ` posh ' ?
1 What rabbit got its name because its ears resembled those of a jackass ?
0 How do fuel injectors work?
4 What is the capital of Kosovo?
3 What Nazi leader killed himself in prison just before he was executed as a war criminal?
1 What paper gave back a Pulitzer Prize for the fraudulent history of Jimmy's World?
3 Who was the first President to appoint a woman to head a cabinet ?
5 How many states have a lottery?
5 How many American soldiers are stationed in South Korea?
1 What four tournaments do tennis''Grand Slam'?
1 What is the lowest level of American justice?
0 Why do horseshoes bring luck ?
4 Where was Christopher Columbus born?
4 What state has the longest Great Lakes shoreline ?
0 What does the name "Sabrina" mean?
5 Independent Silver Forge's account for what percentage of silver production?
1 What kind of exercise burns most calories?
0 What is the difference between a fruit and a vegetable ?
4 Where is the Orinoco?
3 Who played in Singing in the Rain and The Singing Nun?
0 How do I do my own will and will?
1 What product has William Horlick discovered and produced?
0 What is an ecological niche?
5 How many people visit the Pope each month ?
1 What was Edward Albee's first all -day game?
4 Where can I find a tape or book to help me say , write and understand Japanese ?
4 Where did he get the title?
1 What type of exercise burns the most calories ?
1 Which type of soda has the greatest amount of caffeine ?
1 What color are tennis balls ?
2 What does the channel ESPN stand for ?
0 How do the anti -lock brakes work?
4 Where was Christopher Columbus born ?
5 How many fiddlers did Old King Cole have ?
0 Why does tuberculosis afflict people ?
5 How was Thatcher's admission to power after ten years?
3 Who was the first person to study the stars?
0 What are beehives doing in Cranberry Moors?
3 What Cherokee Indian gave his name to a tree ?
4 Which country has the best defensive position in the board game diplomacy?
5 How many times in his 16-year National Basketball Associaton career was John Havlicek a member of the all-star team ?
1 What were the five opening words about Ben Casey?
0 What is moxie ?
1 What's another word for diet?
3 Who was Thucydides ?
5 How old is too old for a child to not be talking ?
5 How many of every 10 members of the Rodeo Cowboys Association have never worked a ranch ?
0 What is the function of the appendix?
0 What is the function of RAM?
3 Who was Ezra Taft Benson ?
2 What is LMDS ?
3 Who killed Martin Luther King ?
1 What kind of submarine was recently purchased from South Korea?
0 Why do we call someone `` honey '' ?
5 How many months does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth ?
3 Name the three races unleashed by the Celestials in Marvel comics .
0 Why was Henry Ford's first car introduced as Model T & his second type of car in 19208, called Model A?
3 Who took the toys donated for the Doodyville Orphans ' Fund and kept them for himself ?
0 What were the Finger Lakes doing in West New York State?
1 What does Final Four refer to in the sports world ?
4 What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?
5 When was the right of women to vote ratified?
1 What `` melts in your mouth , not in your hands '' .
0 What is the meaning of the name Kathryn?
1 What is one of the languages spoken by the Sioux called ?
5 What's the speed of the Mississippi?
4 Which North American city grows the most parking clocks?
3 Who created Dennis the Menace?
3 Who spoke the only word in Mel Brooks 's Silent Movie ?
1 What do you get by adding lactobacillus bulgaricus to the milk?
1 What letter is to the right of K on a typewriter keyboard ?
3 Which president was the first congressman to sign up after the attack on Pearl Harbor?
3 Which of the following celebrities was not born in Philadelphia?
0 What is a `` repeating voter '' ?
0 How did the U.S. come into the possession of an empire in the wake of the Spanish-American War ?
3 Who shot Billy the Kid ?
3 Who was the actor who played Sam in the movie Casablanca?
2 What is the abbreviation for Original Equipment Manufacturer ?
1 What started in 1849 when gold was discovered at Sutter 's Mill ?
1 What organ contains the islands of Langerhans ?
4 What part of Africa is Mozambique in?
3 Who sent the short message ``I came, I saw, I conquered''?
1 What is the only substance that gives food its "taste" when eaten?
5 How many varieties of apple are there ?
1 What field sport does the dentist William Beers have a standard book of rules for?
4 Where did Gulliver find a race of tiny people ?
1 What alloy do copper and tin form ?
4 What is the longest place name in the U.S. ?
5 How much money does every player get at the beginning of the game in Monopoly?
1 What is the shape of the spine of a camel?
0 What is Pandoro?
4 Where did the Battle of the Bulge take place ?
3 Who was the Columbia Pictures head who forged the name of the actor Cliff Robertson on a $1.000 check?
1 What is the term for a bet before cards are dealt?
3 Who was nicknamed The Little Corporal ?
1 What kind of hat does Bat Masterson wear?
0 What are the Greek figures?
5 How many times more than 3
1 What was Simple Simon fishing for in his mother 's pail ?
0 Why is it called hamburger when there's no ham in it?
1 The trials resulting from World War II are known as what?
1 What is the largest sculpture in the world?
0 How do I change a file from an ART file to a JPEG or Bitmap file?
4 Where can I find info on research being done on oilseeds thru genetics ?
4 What constellation is known as The Water Bearer ?
1 What movie is based on Everybody Comes to Rick's?
4 What ocean surrounds the Madeira Islands ?
0 How do you make dumplings?
3 Who wrote `` The Pit and the Pendulum '' ?
1 What Italian liner was hijacked in 1985 ?
3 What pseudonym did William Sydney Porter use to write The Gift of the Magi?
1 What kind of candy were Super Skrunch and Peanut Butter Oompas?
1 What kind of creature is a coot ?
4 What country has problems with hooligans ?
3 What was the business of the animated Sky Hawks ?
0 How can anyone become a federal agent?
1 What Kennedy was married to Ethel ?
3 Which member of Charlie's Angels sang songs for Josie and the Pussycats?
4 Which country contains the westernmost point in South America?
0 What is platinum?
1 What software offers inventors use of CAD-like design ?
1 What is the full classification of a lady bug ?
0 How was the ACLU formed?
4 What famed river flows through Bagdad ?
5 When did Thatcher become prime minister ?
1 What about Ray Bradbury's illustrated man?
0 What is an Arab belt?
4 What is one of the cities that the University of Minnesota is located in ?
0 What's Aaron supposed to say?
1 Aspartame is known by what other name?
0 How do I get another city 's newspaper ?
1 What is the slowest Olympic swim strike?
3 Who wrote ` Dubliners ' ?
3 What are names of two old men who appear in the serial tv Muppets Show ?
1 What do you call one part of the finger from one joint to the other?
1 What color haven't the ancient Romans eaten?
3 Name the creator of ````The Muppets''.
2 What does MSG mean?
3 What singer became despondent over the death of Freddie Prinze , quit show business , and then quit the business ?
0 How is Paraguay for vacation?
1 What Shakespeare play opens with the line : `` Now is the winter of our discontent.. . '' ?
3 Who shot Billy the Kid?
5 How many legs does a lobster have?
5 How high is the normal heart rate of a healthy adult?
0 What's the difference between J.D. and LL.M.?
0 Why do you say "God bless you" when people sneeze?
0 What is federal income tax ?
3 Who painted the Sistine Chapel ?
3 What TV comedian worked with White Fang , Black Tooth and Pookie the Lion ?
4 Where is Logan Airport?
5 How many people does Honda employ in the U.S. ?
5 What is the population of the United States?
3 What first name was Nipsy Russell given at birth ?
3 Which fruitful actress was known as The Brazilian Bombshell?
0 What 's the state motto of California ?
4 In which direction does the journey continue in Around the World in 80 Days?
3 Who was the environmentalist who served as spokesperson for the Post Grape Nuts?
5 How much did a knight 's armor weigh ?
1 What is the mascot of Notre Dame University?
1 What food of the three bears did Goldilocks eat ?
1 Name a medicine commonly used to combat AIDS ?
4 Where is the Isle of Man?
5 What was the 1940 -year salary for a Kessler?
5 What 's the Fahrenheit equivalent of zero degrees centigrade ?
0 What is a hydrogen bond?
1 What 's the name of the tiger that advertises for Frosted Flakes cereal ?
1 What is the term for the side of the mountain that faces the prevailing winds ?
3 What is the name of the deranged super-criminal Otto Octavius uses ?
3 What police force did Mack Sennett create ?
5 In what year did Thatcher become prime minister ?
5 When is a woman most fertile?
4 What are the mountains between the rivers of Arkansas and Missouri?
5 How many Stradivarius violins were ever made ?
3 Who betrayed Norway to the Nazis?
3 What miracle woman wrote the inspiring book I believe in miracles?
1 What card game has variations called Canfield , Klondike and Spider ?
3 Which Japanese manufacturer is known for both its pianos and its motorcycles?
4 Which California's largest island is Angel Island?
5 When was Florida admitted to the Union?
4 What two European countries entered the War of American Independence against the British ?
3 What was Queen Victoria's name regarding India?
4 What was Einstein's birthplace?
0 How can you prevent it ?
3 Which US presidents were Masons?
1 What line divided the North and South in the U.S. Civil War ?
0 What was the meaning of Magellan?
5 How long on average does it take to write a script?
3 What Japanese electronics company was named for a coastal city northeast of Tokyo ?
3 Who wrote Unsafe at Any Speed ?
3 Who knew he'd never see a poem as beautiful as a tree?
4 Where can I find a lesson plan for teaching metric system conversion to American standard?
5 How long should a person wash their hands before they are clean ?
1 What does the technique called `` cold fusion '' produce ?
0 What is the difference between fatalism and determinism ?
4 Which countries do not have government income tax?
5 When will the millennium officially begin ?
1 Which soft drink first appeared at the Old Corner Drug Store in Waco, Texas? In 1885?
5 How many John Deere tractors have been manufactured ?
0 What do you call to call a taxi in Madrid?
0 Why are so many umbrellas black?
2 What is the abbreviation of the company name General Motors?
5 When was the first Wall Street Journal published?
3 What future President became Senate majority whip under Harry Truman ?
0 What is the classic definition of the tragic hero?
0 What made the short -lived Star Hawks Strip so unique?
3 What was the nickname of model Leslie Hornby ?
1 What is the name of the art of growing miniature trees ?
4 What river runs through Liverpool ?
4 Where is your corpus callosum ?
1 What are the colors of Halloween?
4 Where is the Corpus callosum found?
1 What kind of sports team are the Buffalo Sabres?
4 What former royal palace has served as a granary , prison , arsenal , leper colony , mint , telegraph station and whorehouse before becoming an art museum ?
3 What was Marilyn Monroe's real name?
0 What was the claim to fame of Explorer I, launched February 1, 1958?
4 What was the first country to put a second woman in space ?
0 How can I find someone's phone number if I only know their email address?
0 For what reason did the Shea & Gould law firm close their L.A. office ?
5 How many casinos are in Atlantic City , NJ ?
0 What is the origin of the expression `` tout de suite '' ?
0 How do you clean an LCD monitor screen ?
5 When was Queen Victoria born?
1 Which mayonnaise refers to itself as `` real '' mayonnaise ?
1 What is Nebraska's most valuable resource?
0 What does Aaron mean ?
3 Who does data collection in tourism ?
1 What fowl grabs the spotlight after the Chinese Year of the Monkey ?
1 What is Bella Abzug 's sartorial trademark ?
5 In what year was the ATM first introduced?
1 What is the softest part of the body?
3 What is the most popular last name ?
5 What is the number of students at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst?
3 Who's Robin Williams?
3 Who's always trying to get Andy Capp's rent?
5 What 's the population of Biloxi , Mississippi ?
2 What does the number ````5''stand for on FUBU clothing?
3 What radio station did Paul Harvey work for?
4 What are the largest libraries in the United States?
3 What Catch-22 character is elected mayor of half a dozen Italian cities ?
0 How do you choose wine?
3 Who was President of Costa Rica in the 1994?
5 How long does it take to hike the entire Appalachian Trail ?
3 What creative genius said : `` Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits '' ?
4 Where is Kentucky Horse Park?
1 What is a golf ball made of?
4 Which country contains the northernmost point of Africa?
1 What common plant has a button , cap , cup , gills , and ring ?
0 What is the medical condition of hypertension?
5 How many soldiers were involved in the last Panama invasion by the United States of America ?
1 What was the name of the peace agreement imposed on Germany after World War I ?
3 What is the last name of Lucy and Linus from the Peanut 's comic strip ?
3 Who was the first jockey to ride two Triple Crown winners?
1 In what movie was Steven Spielberg with Hundestar the dog the main character?
0 What kind of greeting is appropriate to send on Yom Kippur ?
3 Which Doonesbury character was likely to turn into a werewolf ?
5 How long before the typical hen lays 19 -dozen eggs?
4 Where in the Americas is it only 47 miles from the Atlantic to the Pacific ?
1 What are the best ways to improve employee morale at low cost ?
3 What kind of cigar -chewer noticed that you're only as old as the woman you feel?
1 What does a dipsomaniac crave ?
5 Which chapter of the Bible has the most verses?
3 What classical Spanish writer warned: "All that shines is not gold"?
5 How many rows of Rite Holes has a role of 35 -millimeter film?
5 In 1990 , what day of the week did Christmas fall on ?
1 What beer advertised that it had `` three rings '' ?
1 What kind of books does Fodor 's publish ?
5 In what year was the Wall built ?
0 Why do they call it a `` funny bone '' ?
5 What percentage of the body is muscle ?
5 How many more weeks of winter are there if a ground hog sees his shadow ?
4 What is the second highest mountain in the world?
1 What's the best opening move in chess?
0 What 's the origin of the word ` news ' ?
5 How many countries watch MTV Europe ?
5 How hot does the interior of an active volcano get?
5 How many sonnets did Shakespeare write ?
5 What's Columbia Tristar's phone number?
1 What does a spermologer collect ?
3 Who killed Lee Harvey Oswald ?
1 What is the term tennis to come from the French word for egg?
0 What's the story with the Valentine's Day cards?
3 Who's stealing?
1 What is a fear of shadows ?
0 What is a geoscientist ?
4 What are the 10 largest cities in the US ?
3 Which president was assassinated by Charles J. Guiteau?
3 What painter popularized soup cans and Brillo soap pad boxes ?
0 How do I log on to home page at Headquarters U.S. European Command ?
3 Whose kidnapping was called "The Crime of the Century"?
3 Who was chairman of the Senate select committee that tried to get to the bottom of Watergate ?
1 Which soft drink is the strongest caffeinated?
1 Name a Gaelic language.
1 What is a word whose letters can be rearranged to form a different word ?
1 In what war was the first submarine used ?
0 What is a gandy dancer ?
0 How would I find the prize for various organs donated?
2 What does IQ stand for?
4 Which country, other than Germany, invaded Poland in September 1939?
0 What is the Immaculate Conception ?
1 What medium is Stuart Hammlen the first singing cowboy in?
0 What does the theory of quantum leaps mean in simpler terms?
3 Who owns CNN?
4 Which two countries are separated from the Bering Strait?
0 How can you contact online producers and promoters?
3 What's the name of Pittsburgh's baseball team?
4 Where do I find information for foreclosure properties on the Internet ?
0 What category does the color pink denote in the Trivial Pursuit Baby Boomer Edition ?
4 Where is the largest dam in the world ?
1 What brand of white rum is still made in Cuba ?
4 What city does McCarren Airport serve ?
3 What female suspect in the game of Clue is single ?
3 Who was the star of Leave It to Beaver ?
3 What group kidnapped Patricia Hearst?
0 What is the largest variety of cactus ?
0 What makes a tornado turn ?
1 What's a fear of fur?
4 Which monarchy of the European country was restored in 1975?
1 What movie starts with an assassin falling out of the Seattle Space Needle?
3 Who is the actress Goldie Hawn's current actor friend?
5 How old was Stevie Wonder when he signed with Motown Records ?
4 Where is Dikembe Mutombo studied?
3 What role did Benjamin Franklin play in the development of the newspaper in America?
1 What were the achievements of Richard Nixon ?
4 What islands got their name from the Spanish baja mar , meaning shallow water ?
3 Who says, "If you don't look good, we don't look good?"
0 What is the origin of U.S. Army sergeant 's stripes ?
3 What British general surrendered to the colonial army at Saratoga ?
1 What movie has made the most money ?
3 Who portrayed Vincent Van Gogh in Lust for Life ?
0 What is the difference between the Koran and The Bible ?
5 How many thousands of students attend the University of Massachusetts?
1 What prevents Salk vaccine?
4 What ocean is the largest in the world ?
1 What's another name for short -sightedness?
1 Which Frederick Forsyth novel reports about the overthrow of an African government by mercenaries?
5 What day of the week sees the deadliest car accidents?
1 What was the tragedy that struck the city of Dogtown in 1899 ?
0 How is Answers.com different from KnowPost.com ?
1 What is the word for broken glass or sharp stones embedded in cement on a wall?
0 Why is poop sometimes in different colors?
1 What did Jack exchange with the butcher for a handful of beans ?
4 Which websites are linked to the report on Genesis Eldercare?
1 What stringed weapon fires a bolt ?
3 Name the various super-teams to which the Angel has belonged .
5 What is the ratio of children of two to eleven hours of "The Simpsons"?
4 Which country has the highest per capita consumption of cheese?
1 What did 8, CD NNS VBP TO VB NNP POS NN do?
0 How do I find a city if I have the area code ?
3 For which college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball?
0 How did the jack-o '-lantern get it 's name ?
0 How do I give a good massage?
4 The Kentucky Horse Park is close to which American city ?
4 Where's the Bulls' basketball team?
1 What four-legged creature did a Cornell University study say would make man 's best companion in space ?
4 Where can I find information on George Bush ?
5 When was Calypso music invented ?
0 What happened to Pompeii?
1 What color is the strip on each side of a coho salmon?
0 How do I get free technical information about electric vehicles?
5 How long would it take to get from Earth to Mars ?
1 What was the 24 -disc John Gabel Entertainer the first example of, in the 1960s?
4 Where on the Web is Adventours Tours from Sydney , Australia ?
5 What 's the first day of the week ?
0 What is Occam's Razor?
5 How much money can you pay if you have a dog on the beach?
0 What is the difference between optical and digital video?
5 What are the costs of medicines used in tuberculosis treatments?
0 How can SQL queries be improved ?
1 What shape-shifting menace did Rom come to Earth to fight ?
4 Which two countries border the Bay of Biscay?
1 To get the most caffeine, which limo should I drink?
0 How did the swimsuit get its name?
4 What do most tourists visit in Reims ?
3 Who played the title role in My Favorite Martian?
1 What hide -and -seek game is played around a tin can?
1 What 's the best way to lose the flab under your chin and around your face ?
4 Where did Dylan Thomas die?
5 What year is the Gold Medal of Excellence presented by the Paris exhibition on a can of Campbell's tomato soup?
0 How do I e mail someone at aol.com from yahoo.com?
0 What's Megan's law?
0 What does N est -ce pas mean?
0 How was Teddy Roosevelt related to FDR ?
4 What nationality is Ileana Cotrubas?
1 What do peacocks mate with ?
3 What U.S. Government agency registers trademarks ?
0 What are Fortune 500 companies ?
0 What did Richard Feynman say when he heard he was getting the Nobel Prize for Physics?
0 How's thunder?
4 Which island group is Guadalcanal part of?
5 What can you be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
3 What was the backup singing group for Roy Rogers ?
3 Who was the first elected mayor of Washington , D.C. ?
0 What are crocodiles?
5 The Shea & Gould law firm had an office in L.A. for how many years ?
3 Who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
1 Name a movie starring Sandra Bullock.
0 How does an ion drive work?
0 What does Las Vegas mean?
4 What mountain range is traversed by the highest railroad in the world ?
0 How is silk screening done ?
1 What does a chiropodist treat ?
1 What kind of creature is a raccoon?
4 What are the largest deserts in the world?
3 Who wrote that ``neither a borrower nor a lender'''?
4 Where's the Orange Bowl?
3 When Mighty Mouse was conceived , what was his original name ?
5 How many soldiers died in World War II?
4 What is the address of the head office of the government in Rome, Italy?
5 In South Korea , how many American Soldiers are there ?
3 Who provides telephone service in Orange County , California ?
0 Why was Curious George curious ?
1 What animal ate with a carpenter on bread and oysters?
0 In the song "Yankee Doodle", why did Yankee Doodle put a feather in his hat and call it macaroni?
0 How is Paraguay for vacations ?
4 What Caribbean island is sometimes called Little England?
0 What 's the difference between J.D. and LL.M. ?
0 Why is the word "shortcut" so long?
0 How do telephones work ?
3 Who was the first king of England?
1 What is another word that means "knows everything"?
0 Why do the chicken pox last so long?
1 What is a fear of crystals or glass ?
0 Why don't you have some kind of competition where you ask a question and who finds the answers wins a prize?
3 What President was assassinated by Charles J. Guiteau ?
3 What's the name of the baseball team in Pittsburgh?
0 What is the origin of the name Katie ?
4 What is George Lucas 's e-mail address ?
1 What's a fear of drinking?
0 How is it correct to say ` qigong ' ?
1 What did Martin Luther post on the church door in Wittenberg?
5 How long ago did the Anglican church part from the Vatican ?
0 What do players try to do when the music stops in a game of musical chairs?
5 What was the date of the invasion of Iraq in Kuwait?
3 Who made Stonehenge ?
3 Which Nobel Prize winner was expelled from the Philippines before the East Timor Conference?
5 How many propellers helped power the plane the Wright brothers flew into history ?
1 What other name were the `` Little Rascals '' known as ?
3 What celebrity couple , when going through a divorce , divided their toilet paper into two equal piles ?
3 What United States President had dreamed that he was assassinated ?
3 What President-to-be was the first member of Congress to enlist following the attack on Pearl Harbor ?
3 Who played Emperor Palpatine in Star Wars?
3 Which company claimed to be `` the world 's biggest toy store '' ?
4 What were the first bodies visited by spaceships?
5 The choice of 900, 740 -TREE to have planted a tree will cost how much?
3 Which tennis player has the nickname "Nasty"?
1 What 1981 Candice Bergen-Jacqueline Bisset movie was a remake of 1943 's Old Acquaintance ?
4 What nationality does Pope John Paul II have?
3 Who was Foreign Minister during the Nixon administration?
1 Which board shows the areas Irkutsk, Yakutsk and Kamchatka?
1 What unfortunate craft was ordered by Ernst Lehmann?
0 How do I know if I am pregnant ?
5 What is the exchange rate between England and the U.S. ?
4 What e -mail address does Drew Barrymore have?
3 What is the first personal computer company?
3 What famous singing cowboy owns the California Angels baseball team?
3 Whose funeral train traveled from Washington D.C. to Springfield , Illinois ?
3 Who was the architect of Central Park?
1 What is the best way to travel in Japan ?
1 What 's another word that means `` knows all '' ?
5 When is Dick Clark 's birthday ?
0 For what reason did some San Diego schools stop serving apples ?
4 Which city is the starting point for climbing Mount Everest?
4 Which state in New England carries the Code 27 telephone area?
3 What British commander surrendered to George Washington at Yorktown in 1781 ?
4 Which U.S. state boasts Stone Mountain, the world's largest mass of exposed granite?
1 What kind of puzzle first appeared in the United States in New York World in December 21, 1913?
4 Where was helium first discovered , hence its name ?
4 Where was the first zoo in the U.S. ?
3 Who was the only person convicted of My Lai Massacre?
4 What's the Mississippi state nickname?
1 What was the name of the horse that fell on Queen Elizabeth, Prince Albert's wife?
0 What are my legal rights in an automobile repossession in California ?
3 What's Larry King's job?
3 Who was Camp David named for ?
3 Who was the 16th President of the United States ?
5 How much could you rent a Volkswagen Bug in 1966?
3 Who was made the first honorary citizen of the U.S. ?
5 How many colors are there in the spectrum?
0 What is narcolepsy ?
1 What does caliente translate to in English ?
3 Who ran the first Woody Woodpecker Cartoon?
0 What is Bombay duck ?
0 What is the definition of the Scrabble word "syzygy"?
0 Why is poop sometimes different colors ?
3 Who was the first American chess champion?
0 What is a disaccharide ?
3 Who founded the Association Church?
1 What 1895 H.G. Wells novel was written under the title The Chronic Argonauts ?
1 What daily newspaper will `` help you see clearer across the USA '' ?
0 What is Agent Orange?
1 What Triple Crown-winning horse took the 1973 Belmont Stakes by 31 lengths ?
0 Give me one reason why American Indians often leave school.
4 Where is Ocho Rios ?
4 What are the names of the tourist attractions in Reims?
4 What is the highest waterfall in the United States?
5 What are bottle caps with presidents' pictures inside?
4 What celestial body has a diameter of 864, 000 miles?
3 Who invented the horoscope?
0 What is the definition of the Scrabble word ` syzygy ' ?
5 When was Microsoft established ?
1 What molecules include fluorine , sodium and magnesium ?
3 What American actress was the first to be called a `` vamp '' ?
0 How does the chain of command work inside an US army Apache helicopter ?
1 What happens to the six -foot Musca Domestica when it comes to a house?
0 What is the definition of low island ?
3 Who was the star witness at the Senate Watergate hearings ?
0 What do economists do ?
4 Where can I find free piano music for popular music?
0 Why does it snow ?
0 What is Shalom ?
1 What program do I need to start a.tbk file?
1 What does Visine get?
4 In what country is a stuck-out tongue a friendly greeting ?
0 What's a wart?
0 How was Lawrence
0 What is the secret of the universe?
0 What do Japanese school uniforms look like?
5 When did the Carolingian period begin ?
5 What century is the setting for TV's The Adventures of Robin Hood?
3 What was Thatcher 's first name ?
0 What does the name Kelly mean ?
1 What magazine gives us the cream , not the skim ?
0 What does the word camaro mean , from the GM car the Camaro ?
3 What English queen had seventeen children ?
1 What's the Jewish alphabet?
0 What is the meaning of the name Tatiana?
0 How does a copier work ?
1 What Nevil Shute novel is about the doomed survivors of a nuclear war ?
5 How long ago was the Roe vs. Wade decision by the Supreme Court ?
1 What 's the most popular form of gambling with women in Las Vegas ?
0 What is the origin of the music?
5 What is the first day of the week ?
0 What is space ball played on?
0 How can someone become a federal agent ?
3 Who portrayed `` the man without a face '' in the movie of the same name ?
0 What happens to used motor oil?
1 Name the two mystical ravens Odin has at his command.
4 What lake is Sheboygan on?
5 How many states have a `` lemon law '' for new automobiles ?
1 What 's the term for a young fox ?
1 What was the first breakfast cereal?
4 Which country did Hitler rule ?
0 What are the seven virtues?
1 What's a fear of jealousy?
5 When's President Nixon's birthday?
5 What is the exchange rate between England and the US?
5 How many people live in cities?
3 Who was Gerald Ford 's vice president ?
4 Which desert has the highest sand dunes?
4 What city or state do most gays live in?
3 Who said `` What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''
0 What is the executor in a will?
3 Who wrote NN DT NNP NNP '' ?
1 What animals in the church have acted as laxatives for American colonists?
2 What does BTU mean ?
5 In what year did Degas create the bronze sculpture, ``````````Fourth Position Front?''
1 What are the names of the different toes?
1 What is a fear of sinning ?
0 How does Zatanna do her magic in DC comics?
3 Which of the following people is not associated with Andy Warhol ?
3 Do you call the company that used the line ```Even your best friend will not say ``in his ad'?
3 Who was actress June Havoc 's legendary sister ?
1 What color were their horses ?
3 What English queen had six fingers on one hand?
4 What sea did the Romans call mare nostrum ?
5 How many miles is a ten K run?
5 What is the chance of conceiving quadruplets ?
5 How many objects orbit the Earth?
3 Who said , `` I shall return . '' during World War Two ?
4 Where are the Austerlitz and Victor Hugo subway stops ?
4 In 139, the papal court was forced to move from Rome to where?
4 What kind of people are the best TV viewers?
5 How many people watch network television ?
3 Who is the mathematician that won the Noble Prize for Literature in 1950 ?
3 What Vietnamese terrorist is now a UN delegate to Doonesbury?
0 What is a mathematical factor?
5 How tall is kilamanjaro ?
1 What international sport was originally called Hurley?
0 Why is Microsoft's Windows 3 such a successful computer program?
0 How did the property develop in Russia and then leave?
3 Who is Barbara Jordan ?
4 Which European country gave up stamps in 19203 because printing costs more than its nominal value?
1 What did Mark Johnson mean when he said, "I still can't believe we beat the Russians?"
5 What's the number for the University of Kentucky?
3 When the Tutankhamun exhibition was exhibited in the USA, which company did it transport?
3 What was the name of the cook on Rawhide ?
1 What is a fear of children ?
3 Who was William Henry Harrison?
1 Which foods contain vitamin B12?
0 What is the origin of the term ``buffalo wings'', which is used as a menu item in bars throughout the nation for chicken in a spicy sauce?
5 How many points are the symbol for ``cause''?
0 What is courage?
3 Who was the democratic candidate in the American presidential elections?
0 What will the weather be today ?
0 What do bee hives do in cranberry bogs ?
4 Where can I read about Abraham Lincoln ?
4 What are the four largest mountain ranges in the continental United States ?
3 Which U.S. vice president once said, "If you've seen a slum, you've seen them all"?
5 How many lakes are there on Earth?
3 Who sang the song "Hooked on a Feeling" in the dancing baby episode of Ally McBeal?
4 Which city is being terrorized by Dracula in The Night Stalker?
1 What ability has the silkworm moth lost through domestication ?
1 What kind of animal was Winnie the Pooh?
0 What is so powerful about Power Bars ?
0 Where did marijuana come from ?
0 What are the short- and long-term effects of underage drinking ?
0 What is the meaning of `` CPR '' ?
1 In what film did Steven Spielberg 's dog star as the main character 's dog ?
0 What happened in the long March?
1 What language is spoken most in Brazil?
4 Where was `` I have fallen , and I can 't get up '' said first ?
1 What are two plants that clothes are made from ?
3 What was Queen Victoria 's title regarding India ?
4 What is the capital of Seattle ?
0 How do you make a million dollars?
5 What is the starting salary of a radiographer ?
5 How old is the Italian artist Maurizio Pellegrin?
1 What money was used here?
5 When's Dick Clark's birthday?
5 What is the population of Kansas ?
3 Which organisation does the Security Council belong to?
5 What is Dick Clark 's date of birth ?
3 Who invented the Wonderbra ?
0 What is Black Hills, South Dakota best known for?
3 What deaf artist painted Sunflowers?
0 Why are there Braille things on the ATM machines that people drive through ?
3 Who said : `` Old soldiers never die ; they just fade away '' ?
1 What is the most popular form of bridge?
1 What do people start with zoonoses?
0 How does the Elongated Man know a mystery is afoot ?
1 What are some important events of the 1830s?
3 What astronomer-architect designed the present St. Paul 's Cathedral in London ?
0 What is a Canada two-penny black ?
3 Who was Scrooge's dead partner in Dickens' A Christmas Carol?
1 What was Warlock wearing on his forehead in Marvel Comics?
1 What kind of cornflakes does Snap, Crackle, Pop do?
3 What was the occupation of Mandy Rice-Davies ?
0 How is carbon dioxide removed from natural gas?
1 What food of the three bears ate Goldilocks?
1 Which killer whale died at Sea World of a fungal infection ?
3 What video game hero do some of his fans call Chomper ?
0 How do you write a book report ?
1 What is a fear of slime ?
3 Who invented the can opener?
5 When was the first successful heart transplant for a human ?
2 What does G.M.T. stand for ?
4 What famous river was Hernando de Soto the first European to see it?
1 What World War I battle saw 6 , 0 troops killed in one day ?
5 How long does a pig's orgasm last?
3 Who wrote the song "Silent Night"?
5 What are men on a 455 -yard golf course?
0 What are some interesting facts and information about dog litter?
1 What color is Chablis?
0 Why are haunted houses popular?
0 What does money mean?
5 When did Nostradamus think World War III would begin?
1 What famous events took place on March 27th?
5 How many bottles of wine were allowed in the Bastille per day?
0 What was a Mae West on a World War II battleship ?
1 What does it take to be a hero?
1 What fast food is prepared with a secret blend of 11 herbs and spices?''
1 What languages do the natives speak in Afghanistan?
5 How much Coca Cola is drunk in one day in the world ?
5 In what year did Germany sign its pact against the Soviet Union?
3 What famous communist leader died in Mexico City?
3 Who portrayed Maggio in the film From Here to Eternity?
4 What Hawaiian island is Pearl Harbor on?
3 Who is the premier of China ?
5 On what date did Rosa Parks become a symbol of the civil rights movement for refusing to give up her seat on the bus?
5 How many stars are there in Big Dipper?
3 Who is section manager for guidance and control systems at JPL ?
1 What is Chiricahua's name?
5 What month were you born when your birthstone is sardonyx?
4 Where on the web is Adventours Tours from Sydney?
3 Who retired with 755 home runs to his credit ?
3 What actor and World War II airman had a $5 , 0 bounty put on his head by Hermann Goering ?
3 Who is the president of Stanford University ?
3 Who created private detective Philip Marlowe ?
0 What are the most common causes of death in the USA?
5 How many colors was the 1940s collectible called a Donald Duck Rubber Boat ?
4 Which country is the world's largest importer of cognac?
0 What is the VDRL blood test?
3 Who replaced Bert Parks as the host of The Miss America Pageant ?
0 What happened to Pepsi Clear?
3 What Batman characters play around on a Batcycle?
5 What was the death rate in the USA in 1969?
4 What sea borders Mauritania?
4 Which country has the port of Haifa?
0 What are Maid-Rites ?
0 Why has Shea & Gould closed its office in L.A.?
0 What is office automation?
3 Who is the President of Bolivia?
4 What city is Logan Airport in?
0 What is Cunnilingus?
3 Who was the last woman executed in England ?
3 What Ivy League school plays its home games at Palmer Stadium ?
0 What are the factors leading to the high teenage pregnancy rate in Spartanburg, South Carolina?
1 What award is the `` Oscar '' of advertising ?
5 How many calories are in a tomato ?
1 What does Warner Bros. call a flightless cuckoo ?
5 What is Maurizio Pellegrin 's age ?
1 What did the crocodile swallow in Peter Pan?
3 What baseball team became the Minnesota Twins?
0 What does Secession mean?
5 In what year did Montana become a state?
3 Which engineer invented the pull tab can?
0 What is a rhomboid moll?
3 What store claims to be the largest department store in the world?
4 What country do you visit when you land at Duvalier airport?
3 What information can you tell me about actor James Cromwell ?
3 Which police department made the all-time biggest cocaine bust in Ventura County ?
3 What university football team did O.J. Simpson take to the Rose Bowl ?
5 How many flavors does Baskin & Robbins offer ?
4 Where did Woodstock take place ?
3 What Democratic prankster waved the train out of the station while Richard Nixon spoke from the caboose ?
5 When was Nostradamus born ?
0 Why do movie and TV stars get paid so much ?
4 What Kentucky city calls itself The Horse Center of America ?
0 Why did European colonial rule only spread after the first and second industrial revolutions?
4 What continent is driving the Executive Committee's mountain chain?
3 What dumb-but-loveable character did Maurice Gosfield play on The Phil Silvers Show ?
5 In what year did they build the Berlin Wall ?
5 What is the weight of the air?
0 What is the difference between a classical and an acoustic guitar ?
0 What is cache memory ?
1 What is the name of the second space shuttle ?
3 What New Orleans D.A. claimed : `` My staff and I solved the assassination weeks ago '' ?
4 What city was Bobby Kennedy assassinated in ?
1 What was another name for East Germany ?
3 Which of the following TV news was a Rhodes scholar?
5 What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?
0 What is the Amish religion ?
3 Who was the star of Leave It to Beaver?
5 How big is Argentina?
1 What was the eighth day after the nuns in each month of the Roman calendar called?
3 Who was Damocles?
4 What country has the highest per capita consumption of cheese ?
5 How many meters in a mile?
4 What city is terrorized by Dracula in The Night Stalker ?
4 What 's the home of the Rockettes ?
3 What despicable villain stole the cork from my lunch?
1 What is the word "MiG Alley" produced?
5 How long does a person live?
0 Why aren't many Indian students in college?
3 What's Dolly Parton's name with her husband?
0 How come light bulbs go out ?
3 Who wrote The Night of the Iguana ?
5 How large is Missouri 's population ?
4 What is the Homelite Inc. home page ?
4 What kind of botanical miracle has Nebuchadnezzar built?
3 Who asked you to do the Loco Motion with her in 1962?
0 What is infomatics ?
4 What country has the largest sheep population ?
4 Where in a tree does photosynthesis occur ?
5 How many inches above six feet is Tom Selleck?
3 Who were the four famous founders of United Artists ?
5 How many colors are there in a rainbow ?
4 On what island are statues called mouse?
1 What were Baffin , Frobisher and Franklin looking for ?
0 How to buy shares?
4 What is the largest museum in the world ?
5 How many Canadians emmigrate each year ?
5 How tall was the animated King Kong ?
3 Who was the defendant in The Trial of the Century, which opened January 1st, 1935?
3 Who is the founder of Scientology?
0 What does the name Billie mean ?
4 In what state was there an 11 million gallon oil spill ?
3 What is the occupation of Nicholas Cage?
3 Who was the first woman to walk the mile in less than 4 36893 minutes?
3 Who held the endurance record for women pilots in 1929 ?
3 Who portrayed Vincent Van Gogh in Lust for Life?
0 How do you measure the heat of the sun?
0 What effects do nitrates have on the environment ?
5 What is Martin Luther King Jr. 's real birthday ?
0 How do you say "cynical"?
4 What man-made waterways is 1.76 miles long ?
1 What is a simple way to count the approximate number of fish in a lake?
3 Which Russian composer's Prelude in C Sharp Minor brought him fame and fortune?
3 Who made the first surfboard?
3 Who wrote The Red Badge of Courage ?
3 Who's Archie Bunker with his son -in -law?
5 How many neurons are in the human brain?
5 How often are brain cells replaced?
1 In what deodorant commercial did tenants have adjoining medicine cabinets ?
4 What is the capital of Uruguay ?
3 Who wrote The Ugly Duckling ?
1 What kind of food can I catch an opossum with?
3 Who was Shakespeare 's Moorish general ?
4 What is Bill Gross 's email address ?
5 When's Dick Clark's birthday?
0 What are tannins?
0 What is the meaning of the Latin battle cry: Ad arma, ad arma.
5 What is Dick Clark 's birthday ?
3 Who did Napolean defeat at Jena and Auerstadt ?
4 What U.S. state borders Illinois to the north ?
1 What is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as involuntary movements, ticks, swearing and incoherent vocalizations, grunts, screams, etc.?
3 What organization did Mr. Waverly assign agents for ?
1 What animal migrates the farthest ?
4 What U.S. state comes last in an alphabetical list ?
2 What does the E stand for in the equation E=mc2 ?
0 What does e =mc2 mean?
5 How many major Nazi leaders went on trial after the war at Nuremberg ?
0 Give a reason for American Indians oftentimes dropping out of school .
0 How do I find a web address for a company?
1 What Broadway show introduced the song Some Enchanted Evening ?
0 What is leukemia?
1 What toy can you make sleep ?
3 Who was the key witness at the Watergate Senate hearings?
5 How many visitors go to the Vatican every year?
1 What's the Jewish Bible called?
0 What do you do when your mouse is n't working as fast as it 's supposed to ?
1 What is the name of the Jewish alphabet ?
3 Who were Yankee's frequent enemies?
1 Which two animals are specifically mentioned as Noah in the Ark?
1 What late-night TV show features Larry , Bud , Melman and Toast on a Stick ?
4 In what city is the US Declaration of Independence located ?
0 What is hypnotherapy ?
0 How to outline a theme?
0 What is the definition of cosmology?
4 What is Homelite Inc. homepage?
1 What does a tarantula eat?
3 What U.S. Air Force general led the first bombing raid over Tokyo ?
3 Which of the following famous people does not paint as a hobby ?
5 What are the highest-paying odds on a roulette table ?
0 What is the difference between college and graduate school?
4 Which country imposed the Berlin blockade in 1948?
5 How many people are there in the world?
0 How do you select wine ?
1 What Sinatra hit did he dooby dooby do in ?
0 How can you define time ?
3 What was the Christian name of the title character in our Miss Brooks?
0 What is Gymnophobia?
0 What is a Jellicle Cat?
1 What's the stupidest domesticated animal?
0 What is the origin of the word trigonometry ?
1 What is the greatest thing that people have done?
0 What is the origin of the city `` Corpus Christi '' ?
1 What infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ?
3 Who painted Mother and Child ?
1 Which foods contain most proteins?
5 What is the price of tuberculosis medication?
4 What is the city of OZ?
0 What causes an earthquake ?
0 What is ouzo ?
3 What actor has a tattoo on his right wrist that Scotland Forever reads?
3 Who is the founder of Scientology ?
0 How is water treated to drink safely?
0 What are the special physical characteristics of the Arabian horse?
5 How many maids have milked?
1 What developed a crack in 1835 when he suffered the death of U.S. Attorney General John Marshall?
4 What's the name of the Wilkes plantation in Gone with the Wind?
0 What does "saute" mean?
4 What city is the US Declaration of Independence in?
0 What is the cause of endangered species?
3 What famous comedian recently tried unsuccessfully to revive the play?
3 Who was the Secretary of War in the Civil War during the Battle of Gettysburg ?
2 What is the acronym for the National Bureau of Investigation ?
3 What piano company claims its product is the `` Instrument of the immortals '' ?
0 What are the powers and weaknesses of Green Lantern 's ring ?
1 What are Halloween 's colors ?
4 What two South American countries do not border Brazil?
1 What soft drink did Madonna pitch for?
0 What does the name Calder mean ?
3 Which presidents of the United States have published poems?
5 How old is Johnnie Walker Black Label?
2 What does JESSICA mean ?
1 What product features a frog that says `` dig 'em '' ?
5 What is the chromosome count of an elephant?
5 How many people died when the Estonia sank in 1994 ?
0 What is a urologist?
0 What do the 12 days of Christmas mean ?
3 What do you call someone who likes fire?
1 What does Knight Ridder publish ?
3 Who is the Director of Intergovernmental Affairs of the County of San Diego?
4 What is the highest mountain in the world ?
1 What five cards make up a perfect Cribbage hand ?
1 What is the organisational structure of the airport New Delhi Indira Gandhi?
3 Who drove through Florida looking for the fountain of youth?
5 What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso, Texas?
1 What fuel do planes use?
5 What day is known as the `` national day of prayer '' ?
4 What is the capital of Taiwan?
1 What is a term for behavior, appearance or expression that violates accepted standards of sexual morality?
1 What 's the tallest piece on a chessboard ?
0 What nuclear process takes place in an H -bomb?
0 What's Betsy Ross famous for?
3 Who put Fatman on "Jake and the Fatman"?
4 Where is Kings Canyon ?
1 What was `` America 's recessed-filter cigarette '' ?
1 What did brontosauruses eat ?
4 In what country was Sir Edmund Hillary born?
0 Where did the energy come from for the big bang?
5 How will the California gas tax increase by 2000?
0 What did FCC Chairman Newton Minow say about television in May 9, 1961?
0 What are the Arabic Numerals from 1 to 10 ?
0 What happened to Moon Maiden ?
3 What's Jimmy Snyder's nickname again?
3 Which painter produced primitives of rural New England life?
1 How did Ivan IV support Russian expansion?
4 Where were most of the dinosaur remains found?
1 What TV quiz show left the air in 1975 to vote Vera Lynn's "We'll Meet Again"?
3 Who portrayed Sherlock Holmes in 14 -film series between 1939 and 1946?
1 Which sports magazine has the biggest edition?
3 Who is Luke Skywalker 's father ?
4 Which country had the most suicides in the 1998's, regardless of population size?
1 What is the name of the largest water conservancy project in China ?
4 What is Stefan Edberg 's native country ?
0 What's the story of Buffalo Chicken Wings?
3 Who wrote Brave New World ?
3 What was the name of the German plane Manfred von Richter?
5 What time of year is air travel the heaviest ?
5 In which year was the cartoon character Chilly Willy created ?
0 What's the origin of the name Katie?
0 Why do eyes sometimes look red in photographs ?
1 What are the developmental stages of a swimmer ?
3 What author landed a 468 -pound Marlin without a belt in the early 1930s?
5 In what year was the first patent for the pull-tab opener on cans obtained ?
3 Which Pope opened Vatican International Radio?
3 What fruit-topped actress was known as The Brazilian Bombshell ?
3 Who did Sonny Liston succeed as world heavyweight boxing champion ?
0 What is real time processing ?
4 Where was the Ligurian Republic 1797 -185?
3 Who is Zebulon Pike ?
3 Whose singing voice was synchronized for Natalie Wood in West Side Story and Audrey Hepburn in My Fair Lady?
4 Where can I find information about Alexander Mackenzie?
0 What are Kythnos , Siphnos , Seriphos and Mykonos ?
0 What are Maid rites?
1 What George Harrison tune sounded too much like He 's So Fine by The Chiffons ?
4 What is the name of the country that ruled Hitler?
1 What card game does the Wheel of Fortune, the Lovers and Death contain?
3 What famous comic book character died of acne?
0 How do you get rid on woodpeckers ?
5 When was Beethoven born ?
1 What was the name of Baretta 's cockatoo ?
0 What are equity securities ?
0 What is an aortic aneurysm?
4 What is the oldest building in the United States?
5 How many head injuries do you get every year when you're skating?
4 Where is Webster University?
3 What was Humphrey Bogart's name with the club in Casablanca?
3 Name the blind sculptor who fell in love with the Fantastic Four.
1 What was Mel Gibson's first movie?
4 What is the address of Antworten.com?
0 What is the cause of endangered species ?
4 What was the only country you were allowed to go to Israel from 1979?
4 Which two states encompass Chesapeake Bay?
1 What is the softest part of the body ?
0 What is a `` False Moon '' ?
2 CNN is short for what?
5 How many pounds are there in one stone?
0 Why did Shea &Gould leave Los Angeles?
0 How does rabies spread?
1 What did the forward-thinking Simon Brothers Bakery of Chicago insert into bagels to boost business ?
3 What relative of Leo Tolstoy translated War and Peace eight times ?
4 Which New Hampshire Hamlet rises early to vote first in the U.S. presidential election?
0 What would happen to Canada if Quebec were separated?
2 What does the abbreviation IOC stand for?
0 Why was the zipper invented?
0 What is the origin of the word , JJ .
5 When did Thatcher become Prime Minister?
1 What TV shows did many of his aquatic scenes see in Silver Springs, Florida?
0 What according to the Kinsey Institute , is the sexual preference of four percent of American males ?
1 What is the connection between New Krypton and Daxam?
0 What is `` cat scratch fever '' ?
1 What is "the great American family Cornflakes"?
3 Who created the Fantastic Four, Hulk and Thor?
1 What brings sperm to the pelvic region?
3 What is Drew Barrymore 's middle name ?
0 What are the Star Wars satellites?
5 How many miles to Ohio from North Carolina?
4 What capital is built around the Circle Monument, which contains soldiers and sailors?
0 What is the definition of hazmat ?
3 What president kissed the Queen Mother on the lips ?
3 Who built the first plane that could fly?
5 How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?
5 How big is a baby bald eagle ?
1 What do you call a five -card poker hand in the same suit?
4 Where can I buy a hat like Jay Kay from Jamiroquai?
3 What heavyweight boxer was known as The Wild Bull of the Pampas ?
1 What kind of dog breed was the "Little Rascals" dog?
3 Which monarch signed the Magna Carta?
0 How can I find out my rhythm?
5 When will the Millennium officially begin?
4 Where's former pro wrestler Johnny "Rubber Man" Walker?
5 When was the De Beers company founded ?
0 What is the C programming language ?
3 Name the cartoon genie conjured by the magic ring shared by Nancy and Chuck .
1 What did Vasco da Gama discover ?
5 How long do you have to live in a community to vote ?
3 Which of the following celebrities started his show -biz career as a discjockey?
1 What was the sister ship of the Olympic ?
0 What does `` saute '' mean ?
5 How many Warmup pitches does a substitute get in a baseball game?
1 What's a fear of cold?
4 What country covers 8 , 600 , 387 square miles ?
0 How do you do a bibliography page ?
5 How many elephants are left on earth ?
1 What animals do you find in the stock market ?
1 What's a fear of touching?
3 Who has awarded the Flying Fickle Finger of Destiny?
1 What are new computer games for Windows 95 or 98 ?
1 The first queen of the football game was Hallie Woods?
0 What is Jane Goodall known for ?
3 Which U.S. Air Force general led the first bomb attack on Tokyo?
3 Who else was considered for the role of Luke Skywalker when George Lucas appeared for Star Wars?
3 Who killed Kurt Cobain?
4 What North American city boasts the biggest Polish population ?
0 Why is the moon different sizes and colors ?
3 Who is the Prophet of Medina ?
0 What 's the meaning of the zoological term ruminant ?
3 Who's Henry Butler?
5 How deep is a fathom ?
0 How is salt solution used in medicine?
3 What is Alice Cooper 's real name ?
4 Where can I look at an eternal calendar?
2 What does B.Y.O.B. mean?
0 What causes blue balls ?
3 Who did Richard Nixon resign to?
3 Who was the second man to walk on the moon?
0 What is new in the post world 1999?
4 Which countries share the Khyber Pass?
3 Who taught Matt Murdock to use his extraordinary abilities in Marvel Comics?
3 Who won most Oscars for costume design?
1 What Grand Slam golf tournament was not held between 1940 and 1945?
3 What radio station did Paul Harvey work for ?
4 What Texas city got its name from the Spanish for `` yellow '' ?
0 How did Super President gain his powers in animation?
1 What 12-hour cold medicine uses the formula `` 6 , 6 , 12 '' in its ads ?
3 Who used to make rotary engines?
1 What 's the Southern dish made of pigs ' small intestines ?
1 What network game sees the world champions of amateur champions receiving the Uber Cup?
4 Where does tuberculosis come from ?
0 What's in baby powder and baby lotion that makes it smell like that?
1 What part of their attire were `` pothooks '' to cowboys of the Old West ?
5 What is the starting content of a radiograph?
3 Which woman was Time's Man of the Year for 1952?
0 What is the difference between terry cloth and French terry ?
5 What is the goat population of the world?
0 What were the three prophecies made by the witches Macbeth?
2 What does IOC mean?
4 What ocean does Mauritania border ?
3 Who lived on the banks of the Gitchee Gumee River?
5 How many presidents have died on the 4th of July ?
5 How many liters of water goes through Niagra Falls every second?
1 In what book can I find the story of Aladdin?
0 What is the theory of equivalence states ?
3 Who is the Queen of Holland?
1 What's the name of the Michelangelo painting that shows two hands touching?
4 What London street is the home of British journalism ?
4 Where 's the Bernini-Bristol Hotel ?
0 How do I find a web address for a company ?
1 What letter is right of K on a typewriter keyboard?
5 When does the average teenager first have intercourse ?
4 What city became after St. Peter's? Named Francis of Assisi?
1 What is a fear of reptiles ?
1 What card suit originally represented the peasant class ?
4 What is the largest lake in North America ?
3 Who sued the Dannon yougurt company for using a character named Ron Raider for promotion ?
4 What is a country that starts with the letter x ?
0 How do anti-locking brakes work ?
0 What 's a male `` cuckquean '' ?
3 Who is Nicolo Paganini ?
0 What is a bone marrow transplant for?
3 What fictional figure is called "melancholy Danish"?
1 What tragedy occurred in Dogtown in 1899?
0 Why do we ask for the `` check '' and not the bill at a restaurant ?
0 What is the biblical meaning of ` stones ' ?
4 What country do the Galapagos Islands belong to ?
0 How do you stop Junk Snail mail?
2 What is DTMF?
3 What 4-foot-9 actress in 1984 became the first performer to win an Oscar for playing a character of the opposite sex ?
5 How many emperors were in the Roman Empire?
1 What are the diseases that can be cured with black cumin?
1 What kind of animal was Winnie the Pooh ?
3 Which spy writer served as Moscow correspondent for Reuter and the Times of London?
5 How many cards is each player dealt in Contract Bridge?
0 What does `` E Pluribus Unum '' on the penny mean ?
0 What are the Low Countries ?
4 What country is Mount Everest in?
0 What is a hyperlink ?
0 What is hyperopia ?
4 Where is Hearst Castle, built by William Randolph Hearst?
3 Who do Herb and Tootsie live next door to ?
1 What was the name of the 1899 policy forced on China by which all nations had equal trading rights ?
3 Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady : A Biography of Margaret Thatcher '' ?
1 What Mary Tyler Moore Show regularly came into the world as Tadeus Wladyslaw Konopka?
3 What is the full name of the man who invented the colourful dice that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations?
3 Which cable network is called "the family negotiator".
0 Why are they sterilizing the needle for lethal injection?
1 What food has Marco Polo imported into Italy from the court Kubla Khan?
3 Who are the hottest women in the world?
1 What was Dwight Eisenhower's favorite card game?
5 How many inches apart are adjacent pins in tenpin bowling ?
3 What player squats an average of 3 times during a baseball doubleheader ?
0 What are some interesting facts and information about dogsledding ?
4 In which cathedral was Thomas Becket murdered?
1 In what religion was Isis the nature goddess ?
4 What is the website of the International Court of Justice?
3 What was the name of the man who was killed in a duel with Aaron Burr?
1 What should be set for baking Peachy Oat Muffins?
1 What is the Scotch `` for people who know the difference '' ?
4 What is the best website for online games?
4 What country was General Douglas McArthur in when President Truman called him back?
1 Name the ship Beany and Cecil sailed .
4 What is the highest peak in Africa ?
1 What must be exceeded to produce a sonic boom ?
5 What are the three winter months in the southern hemisphere ?
1 What 's the term for an organism that lives on or in another ?
2 What does INRI stand for when it is used on Jesus' Cross?
3 Who owns the rights on a TV program ?
0 What is lung cancer?
1 What kind of animal is Winnie the Pooh?
1 What beer tells us, ```` Grab all the flavor you can get.''No.
3 Who followed Nikita Khrushchev as the first secretary of the Communist Party?
1 What medium is Hammlen the first singing cowboy in?
1 What other name was Little Rascals known as?
5 When was the first practical commercial typewriter marketed?
0 How is Answers.com funded ?
3 Who makes their money on the hard road?
1 What predators exist on Antarctica ?
1 What is widely used to detect birth defects?
5 When was John D. Rockefeller born?
3 Who founded the People's Temple Commune?
1 What are some good exercises for kids to do ?
1 What did Louis Cartier invent for the plane Santos Dumont in the 1940s?
4 What airport is on the Piccadilly subway line ?
0 What are the Urals ?
5 How old is the sun ?
3 Name the two Blob members of the animated Herculoids.
1 What animal was called "The cow of the poor man"?
1 What is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?
4 Where are eight of the ten highest mountains in the world?
0 What 's the Olympic motto ?
5 What century does Captain Video live in?
3 Who invented the toothbrush ?
1 What was the name of the Crimean meeting of Roosevelt , Churchill , and Stalin ?
1 What is the movie Jonathan Livingstone Seagull ?
3 Who was Ben Casey 's boss ?
4 What country did the Allies invade in World War II 's Operation Avalanche ?
0 What is an aurora ?
5 How's the temperature when you bake Peachy Oat Muffins?
1 What's a fear of lice?
4 What country , after Canada and Mexico , is closest to the U.S. ?
1 What musical instrument did Prewitt play in James Jones 's From Here to Eternity ?
5 Where is the US among the countries of the world in the region?
3 What's the name of Joan Jett's band?
0 How do phones work?
1 What holidays are celebrated in Ireland?
4 What is the habitat of the chickadee?
2 What does the abbreviation OAS stand for ?
0 What is the Bernoulli principle?
0 What's June's birthstone?
3 Who wrote the song "Stardust"?
0 What is the origin of the word assassinate ?
4 Where can I find a lesson plan for teaching the metric system conversion to American standard ?
3 Who was Camp David named after?
3 What famous New York City mayor wrote the hit song , `` Will You Love Me in December as You Do in May ? ''
5 How much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , Thomas Jefferson on it , ?
4 Which capital is Lagos?
1 What is the main ingredient of yogurt?
4 Where did the 196 -year Olympics take place?
0 How is Abigail Arcane related to the evil opponent of the swamp?
0 What does the number 33 on the beer bottle of Rolling Rock mean?
3 What presidential press secretary dismissed Watergate as a third-rate burglary attempt ?
3 What well-known TV talk show host was a lay preacher by the time he was seventeen ?
3 Who came up with the name , El Nino ?
3 What comedian was The Perfect Fool ?
4 What state is the Filenes store located in ?
0 How do you reference a website ?
5 What is the fare cost for the round trip between New York and London on Concorde ?
1 What musical instrument did Prewitt play in James Jones 's From Here to Eternity ?
3 Name the poet of the poem which begins : I do not know much about gods ; but I think that the river Is a strong brown god-sullen , and untamed ?
0 What is the largest variety of cactus?
0 What does e=mc2 mean ?
5 What proportion of the world's flora and fauna are found in the Amazon forests?
3 Stupid kitt was invented by who?
2 What does the abbreviation cwt. ?
3 What did the poet write: "I have promises to keep and miles to go before sleep"?
4 Which way do most baseball players hit?
3 Who was known to warn the people of Massachusetts that the British would come?
5 In what year did China and the Republic of Korea establish diplomatic relations ?
3 What's the name of the protagonist in Dostoyevsky's "The Idiot"?
1 What document did President Andrew Johnson want a copy of placed under his head upon his burial ?
4 Where could I go to take a ride on a steam locomotive ?
4 Where are the busiest Amtrak stations in the United States?
1 What kind of patent did Ermal Fraze get in 1963 ?
1 What kind of species is the monster in the film `` Jaws '' ?
5 How many American actors were nominated for the best actor Oscar for 1983 ?
1 Which clothes were named after Bradley, Voorhees and Day?
4 Which square is the geographical centre of London?
5 When did the use of `` the syringe '' first appear in medicinal history ?
3 Who reports the weather on the `` Good Morning America '' television show ?
0 What is the origin of the word Nevermind?
3 What character does the treasure island tell?
3 Who are cartoondom 's Super Six ?
4 What country are you visiting if you land at President Duvalier Airport ?
4 Where can I find out about Samuel Gompers?
4 What city did the Mormons establish as their headquarters in 1847 ?
0 What are the words to the cd Eminem 's , or slim shady , `` My Name Is '' ?
0 How is energy created ?
3 What cheery fellow got the ZIP code 9971 from the U.S. Postal Service in 1963 ?
1 What does the policeman become in the Canadian edition of Monopoly ?
4 What river flows through Liverpool?
1 What plant is rum made from?
0 What does the name Melissa mean?
1 What is the fear of frogs ?
5 How many rows of whiskers does a cat have ?
0 How do windmills work ?
3 In the last eight years that the MVP was a player for the NHL?
3 What's Supergirl's secret identity?
5 How many men died building the Mackinaw Bridge?
0 What is idealab ! ?
3 Name the two blob members of the animated Herculoids .
3 What government department did The Untouchables work for ?
1 What do bugs eat?
3 Which astronomer designed today's St. Paul's Cathedral in London?
3 Who won World War II ?
1 What's a fear of shadows?
1 What is the treatment of depression?
0 What is the proof that houseplants metabolize carcinogens ?
3 Whose video is titled Shape Up with Arnold ?
5 When was the battle of the Somme fought ?
5 What seven digits follow the territorial code in the number for remote information?
1 In what war was the first submarine used?
0 What is the feudal system?
4 Where is the world championship sled dog race held each February ?
5 How long was Mao 's 1930s Long March ?
1 What does Playboy title its `` continuing dialog on contemporary issues between Playboy and its readers '' ?
2 What is RAM in the computer?
1 What game 's board shows the territories of Irkutsk , Yakutsk and Kamchatka ?
5 How much of the earth 's surface is permanently frozen ?
5 What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
4 What European country abandoned postage stamps in 1923 because printing them cost more than their face value ?
0 What does `` extended definition '' mean and how would one write a paper on it ?
5 What does an average day care worker pay in New England?
3 Who was Buffalo Bill ?
4 What is the state nickname of Mississippi ?
0 How can you get rust stains out of clothing ?
0 How do you clean badly damaged brass?
4 Where does photosynthesis take place in a tree?
3 Who was the first woman golfer to earn a million ?
0 How do you throw a housewarming party ?
0 Why are so many umbrellas black ?
1 In which deodorant did tenants have adjacent medicine cabinets?
4 What river is Pocahontas buried along ?
1 In what book can I find the story of Aladdin ?
1 What products use a tiger as a symbol?
4 The Kentucky Horse Park is located near what city ?
3 Who created the World Wide Web, WWW?
1 What color are the castellated walls of the Kremlin ?
5 How many mountains have been named for Presidents in the continental USA ?
4 What country has declared one-fifth of its territory off-limits to Russians ?
1 What is the dialogue circle in cartoons called ?
1 Aspartame is also called what ?
5 How fast can a Corvette go ?
0 What is osteichthyes ?
0 Why is Microsoft 's Windows 3 such a successful computer program ?
4 On which Hawaiian island is Pearl Harbor ?
1 Name the one -way shaver, the `````'about 19 Cent.''
3 What hockey team did Wayne Gretzky play for?
1 What hair color can I use to just cover a little gray ?
1 What is the most popular sports car color ?
5 When did Rococo painting and architecture flourish ?
3 What Mormon leader was said to have had 27 wives ?
5 How many years ago did the ship Titanic sink ?
0 How do you find oxidation numbers?
3 What doctor is synonymous with footwear and foot care ?
3 What is the name of the Indian who became prime minister by beating Mrs. Gandhi in the 1977 election ?
5 How many languages does the Pope speak?
4 What country is home to Heineken beer ?
0 What happened in Dogtown in 1899?
3 Who wrote the poem that starts `` I love your lips when they 're wet with wine and red with a warm desire '' ?
3 Who invented the lawn mower?
4 What countries have the largest armed forces in the world ?
4 Which natural attractions attract most visitors to the United States?
5 How many characters are in the Chinese alphabet ?
5 How many people does Honda employ in the United States?
1 What does a Deltiologist collect?
1 What spice do chefs pay the most for ?
3 What is the name of the American who was captured when his plane went down over Syrian-held Lebanon ?
0 Why do pressure cookers save time in the kitchen ?
1 What 1953 movie did Frank Sinatra win as the best supporting actor?
1 What did Tristan come back as?
4 Where can I find a website that gives comparisons of good prices?
1 What cancers are often associated with AIDS?
3 What suburban housewife and mother of three wrote The Feminine Mystique ?
1 What book does Holden Caulfield appear in?
3 What is the name of the pop singer whose song became the title song for a kind of catsup?
0 Why do pharmacists work on elevated floors?
0 What is the history of the soft drink Mr. Pibb ?
1 What did Shostakovich write for Rostropovich ?
1 What spider makes an excellent pet, even said to recognize its master?
3 What former president 's daughter has written a book titled Murder in the White House ?
0 What does Ouija mean?
0 How does a chicken breathe in an egg?
5 How long may James Bond have been cooking his eggs?
3 What was the name of `` The Muppets '' creator ?
3 Who was the third President of the United States?
1 What was the non-fiction best-seller of 1952 , 1953 and 1954 ?
4 Which national passenger rail system in the country is Via?
3 What was Marilyn Monroe 's real name ?
3 Which of the Seven Dwarfs comes first alphabetically ?
1 What colour is the closest to the staff flying the flag of Belgium?
1 What was the name of the horse that fell on Queen Elizabeth , Prince Albert 's wife ?
3 What was the man 's name who was killed in a duel with Aaron Burr ?
5 What is the average level of a paleontologist?
1 What is the chemical symbol for nitrogen ?
0 What does a nihilist believe in?
3 Who was the first black woman to star in the Folies Bergeres ?
1 What is the mission of Nike ?
3 What fast-food magnate 's initials graced the left sleeve of the San Diego Padres ' baseball uniforms in 1984 ?
5 How many people lived in Nebraska in the middle of the 1900s?
1 What's a fear of points?
4 What is the geographical center of the US including Alaska and Hawaii ?
3 Who loved Flash Gordon but Dale?
3 Who invented stupid kitt?
5 What are the lengths of pearl necklaces ?
3 Who invented the electric guitar ?
1 What drink is the best thirst-quencher ?
0 What's Snoogans?
5 How many American soldiers are stationed in South Korea?
5 What is the regular price ?
3 Who did Sara Jane Moore try to assassinate ?
0 What is the origin of blue for boys and pink for girls ?
4 Where were the 196 Summer Olympics held ?
2 What is the abbreviated term used for the National Bureau of Investigation?
1 What is a fear of robbers ?
1 What kind of flowers does Detective Nero Wolfe grow?
3 What's the best college in the country?
1 What was the name of the Roosevelt, Churchill and Stalin Criminal Meeting?
5 When did the Neanderthal live?
5 What percentage of silver production is carried out by independent silver smelters?
4 What prison is there in Ossining, New York?
3 Who was Maria Theresa ?
1 Madonna hocks, what soft drink?
0 What is a `` node '' in computer terms ?
5 In what year did the US Marine Corps adopt the motto `` Semper Fidelis '' ?
4 What 's the fifth-largest country in the world ?
1 What is the singularity of the dice?
4 What island is home to statues called Mauis ?
3 What was Nipsy Russell's name at birth?
4 What city in the USA has experienced the strongest growth recently?
5 How many people die of snake bite poisoning in the United States a year?
0 How close was a cousin Franklin D. to Theodore Roosevelt?
3 Name's Pittsburgh's baseball team.
1 What tools do you use to crewel ?
0 Why do oceans contain salt water instead of fresh water?
3 Who makes the `` Die Hard '' car battery ?
1 Stuart Hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of what ?
1 What do Italians call Florence ?
4 Where did the world come from ?
3 What chocolate company gives you a one-pound kiss ?
3 Which apostle is Taylor Caldwell's great lion of God?
3 Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991?
4 What is the name of the largest city in Chile , South America ?
5 How much did the first Barbie doll sell in 1959?
3 Who was Monet?
3 Who does Shakespeare 's Antonio borrow 3 , 0 ducats from ?
4 What state did Anita Bryant represent in the 1959 Miss America contest ?
5 How many days does a typical Maifly live?
0 What is an Isthmus?
3 What was the name of the Confederate mounted guerrilla group with which Jesse James and Coleman Younger had ridden ?
5 When did Nostradamus believe World War III would begin ?
0 How successful is arometherapy ?
0 How do doctors diagnose bone cancer ?
1 What tennis term is said to come from the French word for egg ?
4 What was the former residence of the Scottish kings in Edinburgh?
3 Name the fast food chain with the golden arches.
5 How many states have a "lemon law" for new cars?
0 How do I find out about jobs ?
1 What common ailment can 't you catch at the North Pole ?
2 What does LOL mean?
5 How long does a normal human pregnancy last?
1 What is the chemical symbol for nitrogen?
4 What city is KDGE Radio in?
3 Whose baby was Sweet Pea on the Popeye Cartoon?
0 How do I contact Answers.com direct ?
3 Who was the inventor of silly putty ?
5 How many centimeters away are pins in the cone next to each other?
5 How many hearts does an octopus have?
0 How would someone become an organ donor?
1 What food did Marco Polo introduce into Italy from the court of Kubla Khan ?
5 What is the price for AAA 's liability auto insurance ?
3 What college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball for ?
3 What President served five years, six months and two days?
3 Who was the first English sailor in the world?
5 What will the California gas tax be in the year 2000 ?
0 How do I register a trade name in North Carolina ?
0 What kind of baseball expression came from the nautical term for ships sailing in front of the Panama Canal between the Atlantic and the Pacific?
0 How do you use an intranet ?
1 Name of King Arthur 's sword ?
5 How many muscles does an oyster have?
0 What is the difference between the Koran and the Bible?
5 How many calories are there in soy sauce ?
3 What TV character said, "One of these days, Alice, pow, right in the kisser"?
3 What was Michelangelo's last name?
0 What is the origin of the proverb ```A stitch in time saves nine''?
3 What 2th-century American poet wrote a four-volume biography of Abraham Lincoln ?
3 Who penned : `` Neither a borrower nor a lender be '' ?
5 How many verses are there in the Bible?
0 What are the limits of self -defense?
0 What is the difference between a board of directors and an advisory board?
1 What 's the most common non-contagious disease in the world ?
3 What was Eduard Schevardnadze's job in the Soviet Union?
3 Which radio, TV and movie characters played Jackie Gleason and William Bendix?
2 What does IBM stand for ?
1 What animal are buffalo wings from?
5 How long does it take for sunlight to reach Earth?
3 What famous husband-and-wife team did radio ads for Blue Nun wine ?
1 What is the name of the game that Garry Kasparov plays ?
1 In which Olympics did Nadia Comaneci become popular?
0 Where does the expression `` cloud nine '' come from ?
5 How many characters are there in the Chinese alphabet?
5 How many sugars are there in the small intestine?
0 What is the organ of xoxoxox?
0 How do you make dumplings ?
4 What state does Charles Robb represent?
4 Where did the myth of Santa Claus originate ?
5 In what year were nylon stockings first sold?
4 Where can I find a World Atlas card online for free?
3 Who runs Hitler with the infamous Gestapo?
1 What animals did The Amazing Three masquerade as ?
0 What baseball expression came from the nautical term for ships sailing between the Atlantic and Pacific before the Panama Canal ?
0 What 's nature 's purpose for tornadoes ?
1 What are superballs?
5 When did Theo Rousseau paint the "Forest of Fontaine"?
4 What planet gave Bith Superman?
1 Which ear can most people hear better with ?
3 Who invented batteries?
1 What do Italians call Florence?
1 What is one of the languages of the Sioux ?
3 Who invented the lawnmower ?
0 What is the Circus orbital hematoma?
3 Who danced with Fred Astaire in 1941's You'll Never Get Rich?
0 What are `` inkhorn terms '' ?
5 When was the NFL established ?
5 When does the Bible say the seasons have begun?
3 What 's the most common name in nursery rhymes ?
1 What Hollywood dog died in the arms of Jean Harlow in 1932?
5 How many games are played in a five-team round-robin tournament ?
0 What is the spectrum of a sine curve?
3 Who was shot in the back during a poker game in Deadwood, Dakota territory?
3 What is the most common boy 's or girl 's name ?
2 What does the T.S. stand for in T.S. Eliot 's name ?
0 What are the chemical properties of Mendelevium?
4 What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?
1 What cigarette is `` a whole new world '' ?
5 How much stronger is the new vitreous carbon material invented by the Tokyo Institute of Technology compared with the material made from cellulose ?
1 Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?
5 How many days does a typical mayfly live ?
2 What is the full form of.com?
5 How many American soldiers have disappeared from the Vietnam War?
1 What were popular songs and types of songs in the 1920s?
5 How much calcium should a grown woman have every day?
1 Which measuring device was invented by C.C. Magee in 1935?
1 Aspartame is known by what other name ?
0 How do you get dates with the `` Hooters '' girls ?
0 How do you send a film transcript to Hollywood so it can be produced in a movie?
5 What are the odds of giving birth to twins ?
1 What is a female rabbit called ?
0 How can a foreigner obtain a US social security card?
0 What causes an earthquake?
1 What was the name of the orca that died of a fungal infection?
5 How long does cocaine stay in your system?
0 What are pomegranates?
1 What is a fear of thunder ?
3 What comic of TV 's golden age went by the motto `` Anything for a laugh '' ?
3 Who's King in Alley Oop's House of Moo?
3 Which Ventura County police department seized the largest cocaine shipment in it 's history ?
1 In AD 999 , what sort of celebrations , fears , were there ?
1 What war did Johnny Reb and Billy Yank wage?
3 Who wrote ` The Pines of Rome ' ?
4 What are the three most populated countries in the world?
0 What is the origin of the phrase of writing practice ````Now is the time for all good men to support their country''''''''''''''''''
0 What do pointed letters mean to a handwriting analyst ?
1 What 's the No. 1 killer in industrialized countries ?
3 Who was the first American world chess champion ?
1 What will happen between 2010 and 2020?
5 When did Aldous Huxley write, "Good New World"?
0 Define Spumante .
1 What is the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross ?
3 What group were Abbey Hoffman, Jerry Rubin and Tom Hayden?
0 What makes you fat ?
5 How much did the Iran Contra investigation cost?
1 Which medium is Hamblen the first singing cowboy in ?
3 Who portrayed the cowardly lion in the Wizard of Oz?
1 In what ways did Ivan IV support Russian expansion ?
3 Who took over the power of Milton Obote in 1971?
4 Where was the Zisalpino Republic, 1797 -185?
5 By how much will the California state gas tax rise by the year 2000 ?
3 Which of the following men was not married to Rita Hayworth ?
4 What country offered Albert Einstein its presidency in 1952 ?
1 What is the most common kind of skin cancer in the U.S. ?
4 Where can I find a picture of a blue Meanie?
5 When did Princess Diana and Prince Charles get married ?
4 Where does Ray Bradbury's Chronicles take place?
0 What kind of greeting is appropriate to send on Yom Kippur?
3 Which U.S. university has the largest library?
3 Which team won the Super Bowl in 1968 ?
1 What color is the lipstick on Boy George 's wax lips at London 's Madame Tussaud 's ?
2 What does SIDS stand for ?
5 What is the estimated total U.S. whitetail deer population ?
5 Where does the U.S. rank among world countries in area ?
5 How many curves are there in a standard office clamp?
5 What is a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise?
0 How can I find out what year a Beanie Baby was introduced ?
5 When was the Slinky invented?
1 What is a fear of cold ?
1 What was the name of the ball game played by the mayans ?
5 How many astronauts have been on the moon ?
0 What are chloroplasts ?
5 What is the population of Arcadia, Florida?
5 How old is the average age of a team member who worked on the Manhattan project?
3 Who invented the process to make condensed milk ?
1 What sport is known for hooligans?
3 Who is Snoopy 's arch-enemy ?
3 What feathered cartoon characters do Yugoslavians know as Vlaja , Gaja , and Raja ?
3 Who's Stephen Hawking?
3 Who created the Fantastic Four , Hulk , and Thor ?
1 What Muhammad Ali maneuver was George Foreman the first victim of ?
4 24069s?
0 What is the origin of infinity ?
0 How to use an intranet?
0 What is Greek pita ?
1 What color poker chip is normally assigned to the lowest value?
1 What was the name of Aristotle Onassis' yacht?
0 How did Edith Bunker die?
1 Which non -mechanical sport achieves the highest speeds?
1 What happens after death?
0 What is the difference between microprocessors & microcontrollers ?
4 What Asian country once thrilled to the sport of cricket fighting ?
1 What enthusiastic taste buds first... Snickers or three Musketeers?
0 Why did the Globe Theatre burn down?
1 What kind of Latin is incompetent?
0 What is a ` borrow pit ' ?
0 How do you calculate the change in the half -life of a chemical reaction?
1 What film featured a snarly character named Kid Shelleen ?
3 What actor , who had greatest fame on TV , became the father of triplets ?
3 Who did the Seven Mules block for?
5 How many athletes have Puerto Rico included in the 1984 winter games?
5 How many megawatts will a consortium -led project of Mission Energy of US produce in Indonesia?
1 What were the names of the three ships used by Columbus ?
4 Where is the Henry Ford Museum?
1 Put the names of James A. Michener's books in the following places?
4 What state is Fort Knox in?
0 What is a cake of soap ?
5 When do MORMONS believe that Christ was born?
5 How long do hermit crabs live?
0 What is a conifer ?
5 When did the use of the syringe first appear in medical history?
1 What is the international radio word for the letter F?
3 Who told all in Ball Four ?
1 What was the name of the U.S. 's first manned space program ?
3 Who has more DNA - a man or a woman ?
3 Who wrote the book "The Grinch Who Stole Christmas"?
3 Who was the first man to return to space?
4 What is worth seeing in Reims ?
1 What does Peter Blatty Roman say about the horrors of Regan MacNeil's possession of the devil?
5 How long did the Charles Manson murder trial take?
0 What good are mosquitoes?
0 What is a leper ?
1 What 1956 Grace Metalious novel was on the best-seller list for two years ?
5 When did the art of Quilt begin?
1 What harmful chemicals are in Bugspray?
0 What are the short - and long -term effects of drinking minors?
3 Which former Ku Klux Klan member has won an elected office in the United States?
5 What is the busiest air travel season ?
0 What is an urban legend ?
5 What are the dimensions of an ice hockey goal?
5 How fast do cheetahs run ?
0 What is the baptism?
4 Where can I find the history of the Taiwanese language ?
2 What is the abbreviated term for the National Bureau of Investigation?
0 What are values ?
1 Name the men's cologne connected to the sea.
1 To get the most caffeine , what soda should I drink ?
0 What do I have to do to get good grades at school?
1 Which 1976 Deep Throat clone supplies the leading actress with a second larynx?
0 What exactly is radiation ?
5 In what year did the Bounty mutiny happen ?
5 When was the Berlin Wall built?
5 When is Bastille Day ?
1 What word occurs 46 , 227 times in the Bible ?
5 Independent silversmith 's account for what percentage of silver production ?
1 What kind of crystals exist?
3 Who created Harry Lime?
0 What is the difference between a preface and a preface?
4 What Mediterranean island is home to the first Club Med ?
5 How many freckles does Howdy Doody have on his face ?
5 How many people live in the Falklands ?
4 Which U.S. state has the lowest height at six feet?
1 What net game sees its women 's world amateur champions receive the Uber Cup ?
3 What female painter produced primitives of rural New England life ?
1 What four elements make up 90 percent of the human body ?
0 What qualities contribute to his "intelligence"?
4 What is the capital of Seattle?
1 What is a fear of black people ?
1 What kind of a sports team is the Wisconsin Badgers ?
1 What 's the highest-ranking suit in bridge ?
5 What century does Captain Video live in ?
4 What do you see in rhymes?
4 What city did the Flintstones live in ?
0 Why did the chicken cross the road ?
0 Why does a wheel , e.g. a car tire , appear to spin in the opposite direction as it slows down ?
0 What are manifest and latent function theories ?
1 What was Hitler 's favorite movie ?
0 What's the point of the letter I'm talking about?
5 How long should the TV mission of Star Trek's Enterprise be?
0 How do you build a solar car for a high school experiment?
5 How far is Yaroslavl from Moscow ?
5 How long is a baseball pitcher rubber?
0 How did U.S.A become involved in the Barbary Wars
4 What 's the second-largest island in the world ?
1 What sports features hooks and clean fools?
5 How long were Tyrannosaurus Rex 'teeth?
0 What is Butterfield 8 in Butterfield 8 ?
1 What film marked Robert Redford 's directorial debut ?
3 Who invented television ?
0 What is the origin of the word'attic'?
1 Who was the first animal in space?
0 How did Bob Marley die ?
0 What will a compass do in outer space ?
3 What little boy and dog live in a shoe ?
3 What businesses or agencies would do an employment verification ?
0 How do you solve `` Rubik 's Cube '' ?
3 What was the player 's name who played nose tackle for the Eagles in Super Bowl XV ?
1 What film did Lee Marvin win the 1965 best actor Oscar for ?
5 What year was the film published?
4 What were the cities of Dickens'A Tale of Two Cities?
3 What new middle school was built in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania last year ?
0 How does a bill become law ?
1 What product does `` Mrs. Olsen '' promote ?
3 Who was credited with saying : `` I never met a man I did n't like '' ?
5 How many fingers are used to draw a bow?
3 Who was the original Humpty Dumpty ?
0 How does a parachute work?
1 What are John C. Calhoun and Henry Clay known as ?
1 What astronomical phenomenon takes place in Jan. 1999?
0 How can I transport files from one computer to another ?
3 What kind of Pulitzer Prize winner for the mayor of New York City?
4 Which city has the longest subway system in the world?
4 What country is Mount Everest in ?
1 What 's the name of Jacques Cousteau 's research ship ?
3 What is the name of a Greek god ?
3 Name 11 famous martyrs .
1 Name the only extant trilogy of classical Greek plays .
0 How do cameras take pictures ?
5 How many Beatles ' records went #1 ?
0 What is the origin of the term Soda Dumbass?
1 Name a flying mammal.
1 What did Walter Huston remove to perform in the movie The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ?
1 What does a phobophobe fear ?
3 Who is the monarch of the United Kingdom?
3 What is an example of a famous rock band from the sixties ?
1 What color, s, appears on the boxes of Kodak film?
0 How do I contact answers.com ?
3 What director portrayed the commandant of the POW camp in 1953 's Stalag 17 ?
4 What are the four oceans of the world?
1 What is the best way to remove wallpaper ?
3 What school does Tom attend in Tom Brown 's School Days ?
0 What is the use of a 24-hour clock instead of a 12-hour clock ?
5 How many years old is Benny Carter ?
1 What Dickens novel does David have with the message "Barkis" to Peggy?
4 Where can I find a `` Fifth Element '' screensaver ?
1 What is the most popular sports car color?
4 Where do I get a complete list of showtime in my area?
0 How do you tell your parents you're dating an older man?
1 What carries sperm up into the pelvic region ?
1 What TV station did Mary Richards work for ?
5 How much pizza do Americans eat in a day ?
3 Who wrote Sons and Lovers ?
0 What facial feature typically contains about 55 hairs ?
4 Which Latin American country is the largest?
5 In what year was De Gaulle elected president of France ?
0 What is the nursery rhyme Rock-a-by Baby about ?
3 What is the name of Miss India 1994 ?
0 What is Archimedes famous for ?
1 What was the name of the American ship that was sunk by a mine in the port of Havana and started the Spanish -American war?
3 Who is the superstar in rent-a-cars ?
4 Where is the valley of kings?
1 What war did Johnny Reb and Billy Yank fight ?
5 What was the date of the first broadcast of CNN?
1 What is a fear of everything ?
3 Who is the author of the book, "The Iron Lady: A Biography of Margaret Thatcher"?
4 What South Korean city is served by Kimpo International Airport ?
3 What professional sports league originated the college draft ?
4 What city is served by Tempelhol Airport ?
4 What is the largest city on the Great Lakes ?
0 What is the spectrum of a sine wave ?
1 Which comic was not produced directly from pulp magazines?
0 How does the chain of command work in an Apache helicopter of the US Army?
3 Who retired with 755 home runs?
4 Where did King Francis hang the Mona Lisa when it was his?
1 What was the name of the "Little Rascals" dog?
1 What's the term for someone who hates humanity?
1 What is `` the taste that beats the others cold '' ?
0 How does General Mills manufacture Cheerios ?
1 What kind of fish is a cone?
0 What is a Cartesian Diver?
3 Who are the nomadic hunters and gatherers of the Kalahari Desert in Africa?
0 How does Cos Cob , CT get its name ?
3 Who created Scrooge's character?
1 What's the recipe for Eggs Benedict?
1 What nutrients are for healthy bones and teeth?
1 How do you say "fresh" in Spanish?
5 What year did Hitler die?
4 Where does the Santa Fe Trail begin and end?
0 What are binomic coefficients?
0 What is Paracetamol?
3 Who built the first successful stern wheel steamboat ?
5 What is the chemical reactivity of helium?
0 What is the difference between a college and a university?
5 How far away is the moon ?
3 Name the food company that has traveled to Soviet Georgia to film a series of ads.
4 Where is the Taj Mahal ?
5 What is the date of Bastille Day ?
4 What nationality is Ileana Cotrubas ?
0 What are the current immigration laws in the USA?
1 What star race has the Inhumans brought to Marvel's Earth?
4 In which country is an imaginary tongue a friendly greeting?
1 What is Bella Abzug's sartorial trademark?
5 What is the youngest age that a boy or girl can have an orgasm?
4 Where is the U.S. headquarters for Procter &Gamble &
0 Why are ice cream sundaes called sundaes ?
4 What country is the origin of the band the Creeps ?
4 What country is Ileana Cotrubas from?
0 What does the Latin carcass mean?
3 Who was the tallest U.S. president ?
3 Who are the nomadic hunting and gathering tribe of the Kalahari Desert in Africa ?
0 Why do some people have two different color eyes ?
0 Colin Powell is most famous for what ?
5 What is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?
0 What does gringo mean ?
0 What does the theory of quantum leaps mean in simpler terms ?
5 How many species of white shark are there?
1 What did the poet John Milton lose and win back?
1 What did 1313 meters lose in the 1980s?
0 How do ants have sex ?
3 Who was the second person ever to wear Iron Man 's armor ?
5 How many cherubs are there on a Trivial Pursuit board ?
1 What is the name of the operating system running on IBM -compatible machines?
0 What were the first words spoken on a film soundtrack?
4 What was the birthplace of Edgar Allen Poe ?
1 What do Western Indian steel bands use as instruments?
1 Which breakfast cereal brought you "the best" every morning?
3 What is the name of the pop singer whose song became the theme song for a brand of catsup ?
1 What was organized as a Confederate Veterans' Social Club in Pulaski, Tennessee, 1866's?
1 What is a fear of pregnancy?
0 What is the Golden Rule?
4 In what county is Eckley Colorado ?
3 What President Gene Autry once said:'Please say hello to your wife Dale'?
4 What is the tallest building in Japan?
0 What caused Harry Houdini's death?
3 What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ?
5 How much did the minimum wage amount to in 1991 ?
1 What bird can swim but cannot fly?
0 How do clouds form?
5 How many electoral college votes does Colorado have ?
3 Who shoplifts ?
4 Which capital is Tirana?
4 What is the brightest star on Earth visible?
4 What is the highest continent?
5 In what year was the gun invented?
4 What are all the rivers in Europe?
5 How old is singer Freedy Johnston ?
3 Who hired Jackie Kennedy to write the death of a president?
1 What therapy attempts to elicit the `` primal scream '' ?
3 What is the name of the managing director of Apricot Computer ?
3 What President had never held an elected office until he was elected to the White House ?
3 What women have made Sigmund Freud erotic dreams?
0 How can I search my own website for a word?
1 What color was the hundred billionth crayon made by Crayola ?
0 What is the definition of ``graphic details'?
5 How many URL extensions are there? And what are they?
4 What does the River Seine empty into ?
4 What city was Martin Luther King Jr. assassinated in ?
3 Who was known as the Time Master in comic books ?
1 What 's the largest letter in Salvador Dali 's signature ?
3 What company is being bought by Yahoo and how much is the deal worth ?
0 What does the word affiant mean ?
1 What are two plants that make clothes?
5 How big is Australia?
3 What is the name of the company that manufactures the `` American Girl '' doll collection ?
3 What group included Abbey Hoffman , Jerry Rubin , and Tom Hayden ?
3 Who invented panties ?
5 What is the wingspan of a condor ?
0 How does the speed at which the magnet spins in a generator affect the power of the generator?
1 What are the diseases that can be cured by black cumin ?
4 Where are the 49th steps?
1 What credit card features a centurion on its face ?
4 What's Helen Keller's name at home?
3 Whose men did Conrad Hilton Jr. and Michael Wilding lock up?
3 Who wrote Sons and Lovers?
4 Where can I find a case about Americans with disabilities Act of 199?
0 What are some fun things to do in Cozumel , Mexico for teenagers ?
0 How can I get rich fast?
0 How does a hydroelectric dam work ?
5 What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. ?
3 Who was Thucydides?
5 What is the student population at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst?
0 Why do girls have to wear training bras?
0 What is hydrogen ?
0 What is the Golden Rule ?
3 Who was the author of the book on computer hackers called ``The Egg of Cock': A Spy through the Labyrinth of Computer Spying''?
3 Who won the 1968 California Democratic primary ?
1 What's the word in ballet?
4 Where can I get a map of Prussia on the Internet?
2 CNN is an acronym for what?
3 Who was Jane Goodall ?
3 Who was the bandleader, mentor of Ella Fitzgerald, with whom she used the "A -Matty u Tisket", A -Task?
2 What does BTU mean?
3 Whose husbands have included Conrad Hilton Jr. , and Michael Wilding ?
1 What is the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross?
1 Which plane has Fawaz Younis been convicted of kidnapping?
1 What beer is ` rockin ' America ? ''
4 What habitat does the scorpion live in?
4 What Asian country was once enthusiastic about the sport of cricket fighting?
5 How many continents are there ?
3 What writer is famous for physically putting himself into the center of his subject matter ?
0 What are bear and bull markets ?
3 Which lawyers work for the Center for the Defense of Free Enterprise?
1 What is a term for behavior , appearance , or expression that violates the accepted standards of sexual morality ?
3 Who was Quetzalcoatl ?
1 What album put The Beatles on the cover of Time in 1967 ?
3 What was Fred Astaire's dance partner's name?
1 What is the best brand for a laptop computer ?
0 How can I find out how much it costs to raise a baby for six months ?
0 What made Jane Goodall famous?
4 Where is Los Vegas ?
1 Which golf equipment was patented by George Grant in December 12
3 Who is the famous movie star who also served as Provo Canyon's channel commissioner, Utah?
4 What 's the capital of Taiwan ?
5 When are you planting winter wheat?
5 What year was the setting for American Graffiti ?
1 What kind of sports team are the Wisconsin Badgers?
1 Name a Sioux language .
5 How many colors are there in the spectrum ?
1 What hangs over your tongue from your palate?
4 What city was known for its pea soup?
1 Which soft drink does Madonna advertise for ?
5 How many kinds of dogs' dicks are there - three
0 What is the origin of the word Ozymandias?
4 What country does Ileana Cotrubas come from ?
1 What `` magic '' does Mandrake employ ?
0 What is Garry Kasparov famous for ?
1 What game is fatal for someone over 21?
0 What is Black Hills , South Dakota most famous for ?
5 What is the starting salary for beginning lawyers ?
0 What is a tonne ?
1 What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?
1 What comic was never turned into a Broadway musical?
3 Who was Jean Nicolet?
3 What knighted actor narrates TV 's The World at War ?
0 What are the seven deadly sins ?
4 What famed river was Hernando de Soto the first European to see ?
3 What was the deal with the animated Sky Hawks?
1 What animal occurs in Spielberg 's `` Jaws '' ?
0 What is ethology ?
3 Who were the leaders of the Byzantine Empire?
0 How successful is aromatherapy?
1 What mammal of North America is the world 's longest-lived for its size ?
0 How do I start a web -based business?
0 What is the function of the appendix ?
1 What Judith Rossner novel was made into a film starring Diane Keaton ?
5 How many millimeters are in a mile?
3 What fool isn't smart enough to lose an oath to win a paradise?
0 What's a funnel?
4 Where can I find the schematics to the windshield wiper mechanism ?
4 Which ocean is the largest in the world?
4 What European country boasts the city of Furth, where the rivers Rednitz and Pegnitz meet?
1 Musician Ray Charles plays on what instrument?
3 Which actor learned to play saxophone and speak Russian for a role in a movie?
4 What is the landmark of an Italian restaurant on 239 West 48th Street, New York City?
3 What kind of former cabinet member Ronald Reagan called federal policy towards the Indians an example of the failure of socialism?
4 Which continent has the most roses ?
0 What is a bourdon tube ?
1 What did Dan Aykroyd and John Belushi quit Saturday Night Live to become ?
0 What does the name Shawn mean ?
0 What did the Confederate Constitution say about slavery ?
5 How many different countries export coffee ?
4 Where was Pythagoras born ?
5 How many bottles of wine were prisoners in the Bastille allowed per day ?
1 What foods contain the most protein ?
0 Why are lions called `` King of the Jungle '' ?
5 In what year did the US Marine Corps adopt the motto "Semper Fidelis"?
4 Which country has banned the Russians from one fifth of its territory?
1 What cartoon was originally represented by the peasant class?
1 What's the name of the second space shuttle?
0 What are the medical purposes of clitoral necropsy?
3 What was Peter Sutcliffe's famous pseudonym?
0 What is recruitment interview technique ?
0 What is the origin of the proverb `` A stitch in time saves nine '' ?
3 What university was Woodrow Wilson President of ?
0 What facial function does Walt Disney Sport s have that none of Disney's employees are allowed?
4 What is the largest hiking site?
4 Where's the GUM department store?
3 Who said, "What despicable villain stole the cork from my lunch?"
4 Which country did the Allies infiltrate Operation Avalanche of World War II?
5 How many engines does a Boeing 737 have ?
4 Where is former Pro wrestler Johnny `` Rubber Man '' Walker ?
0 How do websites like Yahoo and Excite make money ?
1 What film did Steven Spielberg direct in 1975?
3 What is Michael Jackson 's father 's name ?
0 What is the difference between carelessness and carelessness?
0 What are binomial coefficients ?
5 What is the telephone number for the University of Kentucky ?
0 What do you have to do to marry someone in prison?
0 How do I get a complete list of all the people that are living with the last name Kilvington ?
3 What's Mrs Bridges doing on TV upstairs?
1 What is the name of the largest hydropower plant in China?
5 What day of the week was July 13 ?
0 What are Bellworts?
1 What is `` the great American family cereal '' ?
0 Why do girls have to wear training bras ?
1 What does the Ouarterly Review of Doublespeak call a ``inooperative statement''?
1 What's a fear of blacks?
2 What does CNN stand for ?
1 What was the name of the orca that died of a fungal infection ?
1 What golfing accessory was patented by George Grant on December 12
1 What common plant has a button, cap, shell, gills and ring?
3 What is Goldfinger 's first name ?
3 What World War II leader declared : `` The blow has been struck '' ?
4 Which U.S. state is Mammoth Cave National Park in?
4 What German city do Italians call The Monaco of Bavaria ?
0 What is swap math ?
3 Whose biography of Maurice Zolotov is Shooting Star?
3 Name of the hero in ``Scruples''?
4 Which Metropolis landmark was first presented in the 1940s Superman cartoons?
3 Who invented the name "El Nino"?
3 Who banned Peter Rose from baseball for betting on games ?
0 What are the great differences in Catholic and methodical religions?
0 What didn't you let a tennis ball do when you played volleyball?
3 What professional sports league triggered the college project?
0 What is Boston Cream?
3 What mark was his master's voice?
3 Name the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk .
1 Ray Charles plays which instrument ?
3 Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?
1 Which horse did Zorro ride?
4 Which four U.S. states have active volcanoes?
0 What does the word camaro from the GM car, the Camaro mean?
3 What pillar of the Dutch Renaissance painted Aristotle Contemplating the Bust of Homer ?
5 What is the chemical reactivity of argon ?
1 What 1963 Joseph L. Mankiewicz film cost $28 million ?
3 What did the American poet write:'Good fences make good neighbours''?
5 When was the first steel plant built in the USA?
4 What building built in 18 contains 327 miles of book shelves ?
3 What British prime minister and U.S. president were seventh cousins once-removed ?
1 What is a word whose letters can be rearranged to form another word?
0 What does Tiffany mean ?
4 Which country in Latin America is the largest?
4 What African capital is named for a U.S. president ?
0 What do you know about multicultural and multilingual schools ?
0 How can I easily remove red wine stains from t-shirts ?
4 What are tourist attractions in Reims?
3 What has been the most common Christian name of U.S. presidents ?
4 What are the top five oil-producing countries in the world ?
0 What is Pasta?
2 What does HIV stand for ?
5 What are the chances of getting four times?
3 Whose acceptance speech of more than 3 minutes prompted a time limit on Academy Award thank-yous ?
4 Which city is sometimes called "Athens of Switzerland"?
0 What is the difference between fatalism and determinism?
0 Define the Pheonix Club ?
5 In what year was the Berlin Wall erected?
0 What are boxcars?
4 Where can I get cotton textiles importer details ?
0 What does the double-O indicate in 007 ?
0 What is `` snoogans '' ?
5 The movie ``Jaws''was shot in what year?
3 Who made the musical argument "True to Your School"?
3 Who is the President of the Spanish Government?
0 How can I find out what year a Beanie baby was introduced?
5 How many cubic feet of space does a gallon of water occupy?
0 What does hazmat stand for ?
0 What causes tuberculosis?
0 What does the name "Justin" mean?
1 In the novel by Jules Verne, scientists are held in the submarine Nautilus?
5 How many years make up a lustrum ?
3 Who sent the brief message `` I came , I saw , I conquered '' ?
5 When was the first railway completed from the east coast to the west coast?
5 How many years has Shea & Gould practiced law in Los Angeles?
4 What state is John F. Kennedy buried in ?
3 What two presidents of the U.S. published books of poetry ?
5 What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England ?
5 What season begins with the vernal equinox ?
1 What baseball score required nine balls in 1879, eight balls in 1880 and seven balls in 1881?
3 What team did baseball 's St. Louis Browns become ?
4 What's the Rocket Home?
5 What is the all-time stock high of Apple Computer , and where can I find this information ?
1 Which cats followed Tweety Pie in his first cartoon performance?
4 Which bay shares Maryland's Eastern and Western Shores?
0 What is Plc ?
1 What weapon fires a bolt?
1 What is the most widely spoken language in Belgium?
5 What is the average cost for four years of medical school ?
5 How many islands form Antigua?
3 Who played Lucas McCain on The Rifleman ?
0 How do you find out what is allowed to claim as a contibution for income tax purposes ?
4 What country was Erich Honecker the leader of ?
3 What title does the comedian Henry Youngman claim?
1 What garment was named for Bradley , Voorhees and Day ?
4 What lake is Sheboygan on ?
0 What does the dot on the letter i mean ?
0 How do you get rid of spears?
5 When was Yemen reunited?
3 What comedienne calls her sister-in-law Captain Bligh and her mother-in-law Moby Dick ?
4 Where does Ray Bradbury 's Chronicles take place ?
5 How many Israeli athletes were killed at the Munich Olympics ?
1 What was the cash -conscious Colonel Edwin L. Drake who first drilled?
1 What species was Winnie the Pooh ?
3 Who was Sara trying to kill Jane Moore?
5 When did CNN start broadcasting?
0 How do plants make food ?
0 What is dry ice?
0 What was the war in the living room?
3 What baseball star turned down a $1,000 -year contract because he didn't think he deserved it?
5 How big is the giraffe?
0 How do you find oxidation numbers ?
3 Which pitcher of the Hall of Fame started three World Series Games for the New York Yankees in 1962?
4 Which city did the Mormons establish as their headquarters in 1847?
4 What countries have the best math students ?
5 How old is Jeremy Piven?
4 What U.S. state has the second-longest coastline ?
5 What is the temperature for cooking ?
4 Where can you find the Venus flytrap ?
1 What did the forward -looking Simon Brothers bakery in Chicago put in bagels to boost business?
4 What is the web address at which I can find the e-mail address of a member of the US House of Representatives ?
1 What is Scotch for people who know the difference?
1 Names of books by James A. Michener set in the following locations ?
0 What is the wording of the fifth amendment?
3 Who's the man behind the pig who pulls the strings and speaks for Miss Piggy?
1 What is the second hardest substance ?
5 How many liberty bells have there been ?
4 What landmark Italian restaurant can be found at 239 West 48th Street , New York City ?
3 Who reports the weather on the Good Morning America TV show?
3 Who was Confucius ?
0 What does Lloyd 's Lutine Bell announce ?
5 What percentage of children between the age of two and eleven "The Simpsons"?
3 Who was Darius ?
3 Who sought to create The Great Society ?
5 How many eyes does a bat have ?
1 What is the most efficient way to start a barbeque ?
3 What army 's motto is Blood and Fire ?
3 Who founded the Unification Church ?
1 What's a fear of hair?
1 What is the most common non -infectious disease in the world?
2 What does the abbreviation AIDS stand for?
3 Who kept the most famous diary in English?
1 Name the four stories in Edith Wharton's'Old New York'.'
1 What English word has the most letters ?
3 Who was Picasso?
0 What is hydrogen?
5 How much money does a back injury lawsuit get ?
1 The Jewish alphabet is known as what?
3 What company tabulates the ballots in voting for the Academy Awards ?
3 What U.S. Congressman said : `` Keep the faith , baby '' .
1 What are the Cleveland Indians also called ?
3 What count did Alexandre Dumas write about ?
2 What does snafu stand for ?
3 Who was the prophet of the Muslim people ?
4 What are the three most populated countries in the world ?
4 Where does the opera singer Ileana Cotrubas come from?
0 What effect does a prism have on the light?
3 Which choir boy joined the Andrews Sisters for Pistol Packin Mama?
0 How is energy produced?
1 What kind of monster is the monster in the movie "Jaws"?
1 Name the French historical period during the reign of Napoleon III.
0 How do windmills work?
1 What card game can feature dealer 's choice ?
3 What is the actor's autobiography called All My Yesterdays?
4 Where can an individual test a contact lens that burned the entire eye surface when it is new?
4 What country is proud to claim Volcano National Park ?
4 Where is the oldest living thing in the world?
3 Who found Hawaii ?
0 What are the words to the CD Eminem's, or slim shaded, ```` My Name Is'?
4 Which country claimed Rubens, Van Dyck and Bruegel as citizens?
4 Where was Honecker?
1 What's the most radioactive?
1 Which mammal lives , breeds , eats , and sleeps underground ?
1 What does the method "cold fusion" create?
4 How do you turn your bike to raise the flame clockwise or clockwise?
5 When was the battle of the Somme?
0 What is Compaq 's mission statement ?
5 What season is the setting for Shakespeare 's Midsummer Night 's Dream ?
5 When will the website www.questions.com be opened?
0 What's a wop?
1 What is an example of a natural acid base indicator?
3 Who replaced Bert Parks as the host of Miss America?
5 What is the average date when most malls begin putting up Christmas holiday decorations ?
3 Who gave us the Rolling Writer?
1 What meter did Shakespeare write: ``To be oderto be, that is the question..''''?
4 Jackson Pollock is of what nationality ?
1 What is damage to business and government caused by bureaucracy ?
0 Where did the name root beer come from ?
1 Are you referring to a technique widely used to detect birth defects?
5 How many languages are there in the world ?
3 What Texas surgeon performed the first artificial heart transplant ?
3 Which American won the World Cup in the Grand Prix in 1978?
4 What are all the rivers in Europe ?
1 What's the procedure for drilling a hole in the skull to reach a higher consciousness?
1 What's a fear of stabbing?
0 What are the side effects of mevacor?
3 Which two baseball players turn off the battery?
0 Where did the term `` 69 '' come from ?
2 What does NASDAQ stand for ?
3 Who painted the Sistine Chapel?
1 What food can I use to catch a possum ?
4 Which country was the backdrop of You Only Live Two?
4 What is the Homelite Inc. home page ?
3 Who died 1 feet from where John F. Kennedy did ?
0 How do I find a snowboarding website ?
0 How do I start a web based business ?
1 What is Smokey The Bear 's middle name ?
4 Where is Rider College located ?
1 What did Thomas Paine write?
1 What color are the walls of the Kremlin?
3 Who said, "Soldiers win the battles and generals get the glory?"
4 Where does Wile E. Coyote always get his equipment?
0 What does storm wave mean in Japanese?
1 What three colors of ink are used to print a U.S. dollar bill ?
3 What was the most common Christian name of the U.S. President?
4 Which country is known as `` Big Bear '' ?
1 What is the chemical formula for napalm ?
1 Name the ship Beany and Cecil sailed.
1 What clothes are Token in Monopoly?
0 How do you get to the top of the Eiffel Tower?
0 What category is Pink in the Trivial Pursuit Baby Boomer Edition?
1 What is a fear of hair ?
3 What 's the better-known identity of John Merrick , the noble ogre of Victorian England ?
1 What magazine paid $5 , 000 for an eight-millimeter film of John F. Kennedy 's assassination ?
1 What war saw a sea battle between Cap Trafalgar and Carmania?
0 What does "antidisestablishmentarianism" mean?
5 What phone number can I call to have a tree planted ?
3 Who was Damocles ?
4 What nationality is a Sicilian ?
1 What book is the follow-up to Future Shock ?
0 What personality traits are Capricorns said to have ?
4 Where are the leading medical groups specialising in lung diseases?
1 What disease does Katharine Hepburn have that makes her voice shake ?
3 Which actor in A Day at the Races said, "Either he's dead, or my watch has stopped"?
0 How do companies cut paper so thin ?
0 What does Palindromic mean?
5 How many cheeses are there in France?
0 Why is the mile 528 foot?
0 What is Jane Goodall famous for ?
0 What is the origin of the name Igor?
5 When was Dick Clark born ?
1 What is the former name of Zimbabwe ?
0 What is software piracy ?
0 How does food color affect how you think it will taste ?
1 What is a fear of rejection ?
5 In what year did the United States adopt copyright?
4 Where is Ayer 's rock ?
0 What do the red-and-white stripes on a barbershop pole stand for ?
3 What college football team did Knute Rockne build into a power ?
3 Who was the most famous food editor of The New York Times ?
0 Shea and Gould closed their Los Angeles office for what reason ?
4 What is the oldest building in the United States ?
1 What Stephen King novel is set in a graveyard for pets ?
3 What famous soldier was born in Europe , died in Asia , and was laid to rest in Africa ?
0 How do you find an epicenter?
3 Who did Bobby Fischer beat to win the world chess championship ?
1 In what sport can a free -legged pacemaker compete?
5 How much is Clara Peller being paid by Wendy 's to say `` Where 's the beef '' ?
3 What 's the name of Pittsburgh 's baseball team ?
1 What word appears 46,227 times in the Bible?
3 Who said everything in Ball Four?
3 Who were leaders of the Byzantine empire ?
1 What was the name of Captain Bligh's ship?
3 What actor 's autobiography is titled All My Yesterdays ?
0 What is the purpose of BIOS ?
5 How much iron is in your body?
4 What country has been called The Queen of the Antilles ?
4 What is the largest island in the Mediterranean Sea ?
0 What are the alveoli ?
4 Which country ruled King Wenceslas?
0 What is deadrise , nautical , ?
4 Where can I get piano music for the Jamiroquai song Everyday for the midi ?
4 Jackson Pollock is from what country?
0 What is the Hub of London ?
3 Who was the leading actress in the movie Sleeplessness in Seattle?
3 What army motto is "blood and fire"?
0 How is digital audio used?
4 Where can I find information on the Narragansett Indians and other tribes in Rhode Island ?
5 How many pitchers occupy the shelf beside the crouching woman in Edgar Degas 's 1886 painting The Tub ?
1 What are the best vegetable cultures in the world?
0 What are Christopher Marlowe 's and Shakespeare 's literary contributions to English literature ?
1 What type of animal is the easiest kept pet there is ?
3 Which member of the Micronauts spent 1 years traveling the Microverse in the Marvel comics ?
0 What happens to the female body with lack of sleep and food ?
1 What product on the market is good for hiding facial scars ?
1 What Irwin Allen bomb has Richard Widmark saying he 'll be `` the first officer in history to get his butt kicked by a mess of bugs ! '' ?
4 Where is Glasgow ?
1 What book was F. Scott Fitzgerald working on when he died in Hollywood in 194 ?
5 How much folic acid should an expectant mother get daily ?
5 What 's men 's par on a 455-yard golf hole ?
1 What non-mechanical sport achieves the highest speeds ?
0 What is home banking ?
5 How many tenths of the Earth 's surface lie under water ?
0 Define Sinn Fein .
0 What is a wop ?
1 Which layer of the atmosphere contains the largest part of the ozone layer?
3 What ISPs exist in the Caribbean ?
3 What famous comic strip character died of acne ?
3 Which baseball did Mr. Coffee kill?
1 What's the only mammal that can't jump?
1 What powder soft drink mix went into space?
0 What's the address, nautical?
1 What was that monster in Spielberg's movie "Jaws"?
5 Which chapter of Gone with the Wind did Rhett Butler leave Scarlett O'Hara?
3 What kind of people took part in Shays ' Rebellion in Massachusetts in 1787 ?
3 What American sergeant lost both of his hands in combat during World War II and then went on to act in a single movie for which he won two Oscars ?
0 What is the Olympic motto?
0 What did John F. Kennedy think was his biggest mistake in office?
0 How to make a computer chip?
1 For what film did Lee Marvin win the 1965 -best actor Oscar?
5 What are the numbers that fit into Fermont 's last theorem ?
3 Who coined the term NN cyberspace in his novel NN Neuromancer?
3 Who portrayed Etta Place, the companion of Butch Cassidey and the Sundance Kid?
5 How many mountains were named after US presidents?
5 How many propellers helped the plane the Wright brothers flew into history?
0 What is a handheld PC ?
0 What is the difference between a classical guitar and an acoustic guitar?
5 How many horses died during the civil war ?
1 What is the collective substance for geese?
3 Which TV comedies are former movie star Nora Desmond, secretary of Mrs. Wiggins and a housewife named Eunice?
1 What articles of clothing are tokens in Monopoly ?
2 What does G.M.T. stand for?
4 Which London street is the home of British journalism?
3 Who won World War II?
4 In what condition was there an 11 -million -gallon oil spill?
3 Who was the most famous food editor of the New York Times?
0 How can I register my website in Yahoo for free ?
1 What 2 statues did France give to other countries ?
3 Who is the director of the international group called the Human Genome Organization , HUGO , that is trying to coordinate gene-mapping research worldwide ?
4 What is the most useful site on the Internet ?
3 What high school does Archie attend ?
3 What was the name of the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk ?
1 What episode of the 1933's did the German Nazis use to justify emergency decrees, lock up opponents and gain more power in themselves?
0 Why do heavier objects go down faster?
1 What cooking oil has `` corn goodness '' ?
4 Which country would you go skiing in the Dolomites?
3 Name one of the major gods of Hinduism .
4 What country lies directly south of Detroit ?
1 What operating system runs on IBM -compatible machines?
4 What island has a park called The Battery on the southern tip?
3 Who wrote the lyrics to Porgy and Bess?
0 What is the meaning of `` subaru ? ''
5 What percent liked Thatcher after she had been in power for a decade ?
1 In AD 999, what kind of celebrations, fears, were there?
5 When did Spielberg direct `` Jaws '' ?
3 What non-conformist abstract painter was dubbed Jack The Dripper by Time ?
1 What 's known as The queen of Drinks ?
3 Which Ventura County Police Department has seized the largest cocaine shipment in history?
3 What comedian was born Allen Stewart Konigsberg ?
0 Why was Washington, DC originally called the District of Columbia?
3 Can you name a ballet company Mikhail Baryshnikov danced for?
3 What college enlivens Hanover , New Hampshire ?
3 Which high schools are included in the South Florida Ice Hockey League?
3 What the President's favorite Biblical quote was ```Come now and let's get together''.
0 What does the name Shawn mean?
1 What were first used by John L. Sullivan and James J. Corbett in 1892?
1 What chess outcome results when a player has no legal move ?
1 On what T.V. show could Tom Terrific be found?
5 How many seats does the Batmobile sport ?
4 Which country was Erich Honecker the leader of?
3 Who is the Prophet most connected to the Dead Sea?
1 Name a golf course in Myrtle Beach .
3 Who is Robin Williams ?
1 What magazine gives us the cream, not the savings?
1 What are the ages in comic book lingo ?
5 How many people were Captain America?
1 What does a man suffering from diphallic terata have ?
3 What group was formed in 1969 after police met resistance from patrons at the Stonewall , a Greenwich Village gay bar ?
3 Which company logo is a "W" in a circle?
1 What are the seven wonders of the world?
4 Which mountain range extends from the Gulf of St. Lawrence to Alabama?
1 What is April 's gemstone ?
0 What were the first words spoken on a film sound track ?
1 What plants are found in an estuary ?
1 What James Michener book is subtitles for Spanish travel and reflections?
4 What attracts tourists in Reims?
1 What are the various ways in which one can measure IT User Satisfaction Level ?
3 Which Attorney General has ordered the closure of Alcatraz?
4 What river is Strasbourg built on?
1 In what Olympic Games did Nadia Comaneci become popular ?
3 Who was the Time Master in comics?
4 What is the largest and most expensive freeway construction project in the U.S. right now ?
1 What is a golf ball made of ?
3 What dummy received an honorary degree from Northwestern University ?
1 What J.R.R. Tolkien book features Gimli as a central character ?
1 What kind of sports did they play in the years 1642-1649 , the English Civil War time ?
0 What is he doing now ?
3 What are Arnold Palmer's fans' names?
0 What is Nitrox diving?
3 Who commands the starship Enterprise in Star Trek?
0 What is the origin of the term'tout de suite'?
3 Who won the 1967 Academy Award for Best Actor?
1 What is the most common cancer?
3 What does Larry King do for a living?
1 What's a fear of being alone?
5 How often more than 3
3 What was the name of Randy Craft 's lawyer ?
3 Which cigarette company urged us ``Come where the taste is?''
5 What percentage of the body is muscle?
0 How do they find or choose witnesses to an execution ?
4 What breaks out every hour in Yellowstone National Park?
5 What date is Richard Nixon 's birthday ?
3 Who is the son -in -law of Sen Everett Dirkson, who was also a senator of the 70s?
4 In which country was Hitler the Chancellor?
1 What kind of Colt is it?
1 What is the name of the Islamic object of the Red Cross?
0 What is the chemosmotic theory?
1 What translates caliente into English?
1 What kind of soda has the most caffeine?
5 How many home runs has Babe Ruth hit in his life?
0 What is the origin of the word `` pallbearer ? ''
4 What river is Windsor Castle on?
4 Which countries have the most car thefts?
3 Who liberated 19th century Sicily and Naples ?
3 What is the name of the woman who was with John Belushi when he died ?
4 What 's the farthest planet from the sun ?
1 What invention makes the principle of energy saving impossible?
3 Which Texas surgeon performed the first artificial heart transplant?
1 What Leon Uris novel dealt with the Russian capture of Berlin ?
5 How many students attend the University of Massachusetts?
1 Which operating system is available on most computers?
1 What disease did August von Wassermann develop a specific test for in 196 ?
5 What is the population of Ohio ?
3 Who said : `` The victor will never be asked if he told the truth '' ?
3 When Mighty Mouse was born, what was his original name?
1 What are the most common elements in the Earth 's crust ?
4 Kosovo is a province of what country ?
5 What is Judy Garland 's date of birth ?
5 What is the population of the largest Chilean city
0 What does Esa-Pekka Salonen look like ?
0 How is water treated to make it safe to drink ?
4 What populated state covers 49,576 square miles?
0 What is the circumorbital hematoma ?
3 What's the name of the Indian who became Prime Minister by beating Mrs. Gandhi in the 1977 election?
1 What's the round part on the top of a matchbook called?
1 How long does it take in the comic language?
5 How big is a quart ?
4 Where can I find information about detergents on the Internet?
5 How many lawyers are there in the state of New Jersey?
2 What does the acronym CPR mean ?
4 Where's Poe's birthplace?
4 Which country is closest to the United States after Canada and Mexico?
3 What are the names of Lucy and Linus from Peanut's comic book?
1 Who was the first animal into space ?
1 What shampoo prevents eczema , seborrhea , and psoriasis ?
5 When is the nearest sun to Earth?
4 What country 's people are the top television watchers ?
1 What device offered a new way to listen to music in 1963?
5 How many innings form an official baseball game?
0 How does color affect a person psychologically ?
5 When do MORMONS believe Christ was born ?
4 What are some good fractal web sites ?
0 What is a biologist?
0 What is Toulmin logic?
4 Where can I find the full written draft of the CTBT?
1 Which is a real berry : blackberry , cranberry , raspberry , strawberry ?
4 What continent is the second highest summit of Mont Blanc?
3 What painter died on the Marquesas Islands?
4 Where does most of the marijuana entering the United States come from ?
3 What TV character did a horse named Thunder breed?
5 When was the Hoover Dam built?
1 What plant has the largest seed ?
1 What international sport was originally called hurley ?
1 What began in the 1849s when gold was discovered in Sutter's Mill?
5 What geological time are we living in?
1 What was the name of the flight that Fawaz Younis hijacked ?
1 What is the name of a Salt Lake City newspaper ?
1 Which weapon is the mythological character Apollo is most familiar with?
3 Who was Buffalo Bill?
0 What is E -Commerce?
1 What's the name of the Tokyo Stock Exchange?
3 Who bestowed great power upon Captain Britain ?
4 What city in the U.S. experienced the most growth recently ?
5 What is the average age a horse lives ?
1 What 's the word for broken glass or sharp rocks embedded in cement on top of a wall ?
3 Which major diamond producer is based in South Africa ?
0 What's the motto for the state of Maryland?
1 What films showed the character of Popeye Doyle?
5 How many earthworms are in a single pasture ?
3 What character did Tex Avery first create upon arriving at MGM ?
0 Why are your hands sometimes cold, but the rest of you aren't?
4 Where can I find a review of Nightmare on Elm Street in a film journal?
3 Who is the prime minister of Japan ?
0 How do they type Chinese characters on a keyboard ?
3 Who killed more people, Hitler or Stalin?
3 What did Andy Hardy do for a living with his father?
0 What is the economic impact of unemployment on the economy?
1 What were the first frozen foods?
3 What football coach 's story was told in the movie Run to Daylight ?
4 Where does a football player have to stand to handle the ball?
4 What name of the continent appears on the upper left corner of a Budweiser label?
4 Where can I find information on the cyclone that hit New Jersey on 8/28/1941 ?
0 What is the meaning of the name Ella ?
3 Who won Oscars for their roles in Gone with the Wind and A Streetcar called Desire?
5 How tall was the animated Frankenstein
3 What university fired Angela Davis ?
3 What mythical figure wears a hourglass and a scythe?
2 What does the abbreviation IOC stand for ?
5 How many `` eyes '' does a coconut have ?
5 How many names are there for Eskimos?
4 What city was President William McKinley shot in ?
2 What is IOC an abbreviation of ?
3 What is the real name of the singer , Madonna ?
0 What are the cookies in Internet ?
3 Who lives at 24 Sussex Drive , Ottawa ?
0 What is a First World country ?
1 The novel by Robert Louis Stevenson was inspired by Deacon William Brodie, a furniture builder by day and burglar by night?
3 Who invented Astrographer?
3 Which college did Dikembe Mutombo attend?
0 What can I do to get into an Ivy League school ?
3 Who plays shortstop for Charlie Brown's baseball team?
4 Name an art gallery in New York .
1 What were popular songs and types of songs in the 1920s ?
0 What is multimedia ?
3 Who is Count Cinzano?
1 What is the best-selling book of all time ?
4 Which city has the two steepest streets in the USA?
1 In Kafka 's Metamorphosis , the hero awakes one morning to find himself turned into what ?
0 What made Shea &Gould close her office in L.A.?
1 What colors is magenta made of ?
1 What layer of the atmosphere contains most of the ozone layer ?
3 What was the name given the 6 , 500 German airforce troops that used the Spanish Civil War as a training exercise ?
5 When did the American Civil War end?
0 What do pointy letters mean to a handwriting analyst?
4 Which famous library can you reach by choosing 22 -287 -5?
4 Where do the adventures of `` The Swiss Family Robinson '' take place ?
3 Who killed Martin Luther King?
0 Why are there twelve people on a jury in criminal matters?
4 What city boasts the Billingsgate fishmarket ?
0 Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a text -processing program?
5 How much money can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
0 What was Suzy Parker doing to earn $1 , 000 in the early 1950 's ?
0 What was the Chivington Massacre ?
4 Which U.S. state ends with a G?
5 How often is the Statue of Liberty bigger than life?
0 What is commonly referred to as the fifth sense?
0 What is the AIM -54C Phoenix?
4 What countries have the highest ratio of university students ?
5 How many maids were milking ?
1 What songs were popular in 1948?
4 What are the two cities in Dicken 's `` A Tale of Two Cities '' ?
3 Which German president was pressured into appointing Hitler chancellor in 1933 ?
3 What Good Little Witch is Casper 's girlfriend ?
1 What is the right way to use ````````may''vs `?
5 What part of a beaver's life is spent swimming?
1 In Beetle Bailey , can you name Sarge 's dog ?
3 Who did Bush compare Saddam Hussein to?
3 Who was Israel's first prime minister?
1 What are the two biggest birds in the world?
3 Who has the airway with pearls like ``Do you love me'? Get naked, baby! Nope.
3 What title did Suzette Charles adopt two months in 1984?
3 Who fired Maria Ybarra from her position in San Diego council ?
3 Who won the Superbowl in ?
1 What first-aid product `` Helps the hurt stop hurting '' ?
1 What was Mel Gibson 's first movie ?
0 How do I love you?
3 Whose autobiography is titled Yes I Can ?
1 What war did Florence Nightingale tend the troops in ?
4 Which waters does the Danube flow into?
0 What 's distinctive about a palmiped 's feet ?
3 Who is the man behind the pig-the man who pulls the strings and speaks for Miss Piggy ?
3 What are the top ten all -time money NFL teams make?
4 Where is the Kentucky Horse Park located ?
0 How did former WWF wrestler Rick Rude die?
1 What were hairy bank notes in the fur trade ?
4 Where can I find a case about individuals with disabilities Education Act 1991?
0 How do I start a bank ?
1 What is the only primate that has no pigment in its palms?
5 How long has L.L. Cool J. been married?
1 What is the name of the vaccine for chicken pox ?
3 What is your profession?
1 Which card symbolizes death?
3 What TV family sometimes buys eclairs from Nelson's bakery?
3 What English queen had seventeen children?
0 What was the fame of the football game, the Fordham Waynesburg State 12601 in September 3, 1939?
5 How long has the Anglican Church been separated from the Vatican?
0 What are the living conditions in Cuba ?
1 Name Li'l Abner's favorite drink from India.
5 How many John Deere tractors were produced?
0 What causes the body to shiver in cold temperatures ?
0 What is object -oriented design?
4 Which country is Australia 's largest export market ?
1 What two statues did France give to other countries?
0 What is the origin of gametophytic tissue ?
5 When did the "Star Spangled Banner" become the national anthem?
1 What do you call a group of geese?
5 When was the Bill of Rights ratified ?
5 How much caffeine is in a 16 -ounce cup of coffee?
5 How many dollars a day did Arthur Frommer say you could get by on in Europe in 1968 ?
3 What's Drew Barrymore's middle name?
1 What is it that goes on four legs, then on two legs, then on three?
4 Where did the Wright brothers make their first flight?
1 What was the largest cash harvest in the USA in 1983, exceeding corn?
0 Where did the U.S. Army Sergeant's stripes come from?
5 How many people on the ground were killed from the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland , December 21 , CD .
5 How fast is a 45Mhz processor?
5 How many miles are there from Frankfurt to Salzburg, Austria?
5 What debts did the Qintex Group leave behind?
4 What city is near the mouth of the Amazon ?
1 What colour of dry wine should be served with veal roasts and chopsticks?
3 Who is the Voyager project manager ?
4 Where can I find info on Alexander Mackenzie ?
1 How best to travel to Japan?
4 Which airport in town is Logan International?
4 What city is sometimes called The Athens of Switzerland ?
0 What are some chemical properties of mendelevium ?
3 What baseball great plugged Mr. Coffee ?
5 How many Americans have HIV?
4 Where can I find information on journalism?
0 How do birds have sex?
5 How many chairs are there in Vincent's Van Gogh's 188 work The Artist's Room in Arles?
0 What is a specimen of basidiomycetes ?
4 Where's your corpus callosum?
0 What's the definition of a witch?
3 Name the child left on a doorstep at the beginning of Gasoline Alley .
1 What do you call the Cleveland Indians?
1 What letter does Gorbachev 's middle name start with ?
5 What was the first minimum wage?
1 What was commercially introduced by Bayer A.G. of Leverkusen in 1899?
1 What credit card does a Centurion have on his face?
1 What's so valuable in Fort Knox?
3 What's the name of Miss India 1994?
3 What is a society governed by the elderly?
0 What is the origin of head lice?
5 How many eyes does a bat have?
0 What is the origin of the rock band Led Zeppelin 's name ?
3 Who played the role of godfather in the movie ``The Godfather'?
0 What is capitalism after Max Weber?
3 What store does Martha Stewart advertise for ?
0 What are the factors leading to the high teen pregnancy rate in Spartanburg , South Carolina ?
1 At Christmas, what is the traditional thing to do under the mistletoe branch?
5 In what century did the romance of art begin?
1 What money was used by them?
5 What day was Pearl Harbor attacked in 1942 ?
1 What was the top box office movie in April 1998?
5 When was CNN 's first broadcast ?
1 What is the name of the 1919 occurrence in which British troops killed over 3 unarmed Indian protestors ?
4 Where does tennis star Stefan Edberg come from?
1 What element in the periodic table is a gas or solid but never a liquid?
3 Which of the seven dwarfs comes first alphabetically?
1 What are all the different kinds of contraceptives ?
0 Why did the Egyptians shave their eyebrows?
4 Where 's the GUM department store ?
0 How can I get my product licensed by the NBA ?
5 What are the statistics for drunken drivers in Maryland ?
0 What is the design of the ship Titanic?
3 Who built the first pyramid?
1 What does an irate car owner call iron oxide ?
4 Where did the name Daniel come from?
2 What does the ```c''in equation E =mc2 mean?
5 CNN started broadcasting in what year?
1 What is the fear of the computer called ?
3 What is Larry King 's occupation ?
1 What is a fear of sourness ?
1 What do you get by adding Lactobacillus bulgaricus to milk ?
3 Which company tables the ballots for the Academy Awards?
1 What two body parts grow all your life ?
4 Which area produces the least acidic coffee ?
3 Who invented `` The Muppets '' ?
4 What Australian city became the home of America's Cup?
0 Why are there olives in Martinis?
0 How do you do a topic outline ?
4 What is the highest waterfall in the United States ?
1 What medium is Stuart Hamblen the first singing cowboy in ?
3 Name the tree -breeding company.
1 What flag is flying over Wake Island?
3 What number did Alexandre Dumas write about?
3 Who was the first actress to appear on a postmark?
5 When did President Kennedy, Lee Harvey Oswald and Jack Ruby all die?
0 What is a Nematode?
3 Which company is the largest Japanese shipbuilder?
3 What is the function of the Bouvier dog breed?
0 What is the origin of the peace symbol ?
1 What is the alphabet for Latin ?
4 What part of Britain comprises the Highlands , Central Lowlands , and Southern Uplands ?
1 What do penguins eat?
1 What's a fear of machines?
5 Of children between the age of two and eleven, what percentage watch ``The Simpsons''?
4 What U.S. state are the Finger Lakes in ?
1 What is the predominant color of the Tab label ?
5 What day is August 13 , 1971 ?
3 Which song was the singer When the Moon Comes over the Mountain?
0 What causes tuberculosis?
3 What is Pittsburgh 's baseball team called ?
5 In what year was the cartoon character Chilly Willy created?
5 How old was Gene Siskel ?
1 What is in Genesis 19: 24?
4 What state did Anita Bryant represent at the 1959 Miss America contest?
3 Who is the Antichrist ?
5 Which chapter of Gone with the Wind did Rhett Butler leave Scarlett O'Hara?
3 Who was Quetzalcoatl?
4 What nation is Edessa in today?
0 What is idealab ! ?
3 What store claims to be the world 's largest department store ?
1 In which sport is there a `` scrum '' ?
3 What boxer's life story is Raging Bull?
1 What did Thomas Paine write ?
0 What revelation did Alexander Butterfield make to the Senate Watergate committee ?
1 What is Nero Wolfe 's favorite drink during office hours ?
5 How many flavors of ice cream do Howard Johnson's have?
5 What is the population of Kansas?
5 When was the first Wall Street Journal published ?
1 What dog was dubbed The Mortgage Lifter ?
0 How does a copier work?
3 What father and son won the Medal of Honor ?
0 How do you get dates with the Hooters girls?
3 Woodrow Wilson was president of what university?
5 How many dogs pull a sled in the Iditarod ?
3 What are the top boy names in the U.S. ?
3 Who was Ezra Taft Benson?
3 What comedian created a punch-drunk pugilist named Cauliflower McPugg ?
5 How many sides does a heptagon have ?
1 Name the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross .
3 What engineer invented the pull-tab can ?
5 How much did a McDonald 's hamburger cost in 1963 ?
0 What qualifications are there for individuals donating blood ?
4 In what nation is Edessa located nowadays ?
0 What nuclear process takes place in an H-bomb ?
3 Who was Tiny Tim's father?
5 How much was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
1 What is a technique that is often used to detect birth defects?
1 Garry Kasparov plays what game ?
5 What are the length of pearl necklaces?
3 Who is Johnny Carson ?
0 What do the names Andrew and Christina mean?
3 Who shot Lee Harvey Oswald ?
1 What Jules Verne novel features scientists held captive in the submarine Nautilus ?
1 The corpus callosum is in what part of the body?
5 Boxing Day is celebrated on what date ?
1 What is the treatment for depression ?
1 What 's an easy way to count the approximate number of fish in a lake ?
5 How many inches over six feet is Tom Selleck ?
0 How can you become an FBI agent?
0 Why did the world enter a global depression in 1929 ?
1 What is the smallest thing seen under the most powerful microscope, and how big is it?
1 What is the name of the disease that actress Hunter Tylo 's baby girl has ?
3 Who's Langston Hughes?
5 What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England ?
3 Who did Bobby Fischer beat to win the World Cup?
5 A normal human pregnancy lasts how many months ?
3 Who was the Democratic nominee in the American presidential election ?
1 What letter appears on the cold-water tap in Spain ?
0 What is a copy of basidiomycetes?
3 Who was the lawyer for Randy Steven Craft ?
3 The adoptive father of Dondi.
0 How does a glacier form?
3 What are the only players who can score points in Roller Derby?
1 In the Miller Lite TV commercial , who is the creature ?
0 What is gymnophobia ?
5 How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
1 Which 1956 Grace Metallious novel was on the bestseller list for two years?
0 What kind of childhood did Jules Verne have?
0 How does a scientific calculator work ?
4 Where can I take a test that will tell me what I should be when I grow up ?
4 Where did the make -up come from?
3 What 's the nickname of oddsmaker Jimmy Snyder ?
0 What is the difference between a poster and a print?
3 Who is Archie Bunker 's son-in-law ?
4 Which islands have their name from the Spanish baja mar, meaning shallow water?
2 What does it stand for?
5 When did Hitler come to power in Germany?
0 What happened to Moon Maiden?
0 What is carpal tunnel syndrome ?
5 How far is it from Phoenix to Blythe ?
1 What 1953 film won Frank Sinatra a best supporting actor Oscar ?
3 Which of the original seven Mercury program astronauts did not fly on any of the Mercury flights?
0 How do I write to my congressman?
0 What is splatterpunk?
1 What molecules are fluorine, sodium and magnesium?
1 What colours does Magenta consist of?
3 Which are the authors?
3 With which NFL team did Vince Lombardi end his career as a coach?
1 What invention does the principle of conservation of energy make impossible ?
1 What 's approaching when a cyclist shouts : `` Oil '' ?
1 Which mosquito bites blood, DT NN CC DT NN.
3 Rotary engine cars were made by what company ?
1 What color were Ernest Hemingway 's eyes ?
5 What is the percentage of children two to eleven years old who watch The Simpsons?
0 Where did the bovine come from?
1 What do sailors use to measure time ?
1 What's 55 -times sweeter than raw sugar?
4 What two countries are linked by the Brenner Pass ?
0 What is prepared mustard ?
3 Who is the owner of CNN ?
5 When was the first stained glass window made ?
1 What Peter Blatty novel recounts the horrors of Regan MacNeil 's possession by the devil ?
5 How many real fruit juices are there in a can of Hawaiian Punch ?
3 What's the most popular last name?
0 How can I get someone's phone number if I only have their screen name?
0 What is Bombay Duck?
3 What was Mao's middle name?
0 How does the Nintendo Zapper work?
5 What percentage of all world tornados touch down in the US ?
5 How many astronauts manned each Project Mercury flight ?
3 Who was named Admiral of the Ocean Seas and Viceroy and Governor General of all the islands he might discover , and also granted 10-?? of all profits of his voyage .
5 What's the speed of the Mississippi?
3 Who invented silly putty ?
3 Whose first order of business was "Let's blow this damn thing up"?
5 How many Beanie Baby sites are there ?
5 How many people did Randy Craft kill ?
5 In what year did the Bounty mutiny happen?
0 What is diabetes ?
1 What developed a crack in 1835 while tolling the death of U.S. Chief Justice John Marshall ?
1 What is Nevil Shute novel about the lost survivors of a nuclear war?
3 Who won two gold medals at the Olympics in Calgary?
4 What is the famous Mexican star Thalia's address?
5 What is the mean income of the top 10% , top 5% , and top 1% ?
5 How many Russians have landed on the moon ?
4 Where can I find scientific data, research papers, textile technology?
3 What kind of girl does "Teddy" mean a loving form of?
1 What's the first killer in the developed world?
3 What major league baseball team compiled the best won-lost record between 1957 and 1983 ?
5 When did the Olympics, in which Nadia Comaneci was popular, become popular?
5 How many people in the world speak French ?
5 What was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
5 How much money was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
0 Why is the moon in different sizes and colors?
3 Who used AuH2O as an election logo?
1 What is the folklore story regarding birds ' nests and birds in Christmas trees ?
3 Who portrayed The Cowardly Lion in The Wizard of Oz ?
1 What tools do you use to create?
1 What is the best -selling U.S. magazine aimed at a black audience?
0 How does blood clot work?
4 Where 's the Petrified Forest ?
3 Who was the first black to be head coach of a major league pro sports team ?
4 What is the last alphabetical state capital?
1 What future movie treat was introduced to American colonists in 1603 by Native Americans ?
0 What causes pneumonia?
3 Who is the current Prime Minister and President of Russia?
3 Who was the author of the novel "Far From the Madding Crowd"?
1 What is the best brand for a laptop computer?
0 How do you convert foot-pounds to foot-inches ?
4 In what city is the headquarters of Sinn Fein ?
1 Name the 5 words that use all of the letters in the alphabet , except Q , with no repeats .
5 What year did Rossetti paint `` Beata Beatrix '' ?
1 What is the best way to overcome a fear ?
4 What was Einstein 's birthplace ?
2 What does the acronym CPR mean?
0 What does storm wave mean in Japanese ?
1 On what T.V. show could Tom Terrific be found ?
0 What did Alexander Butterfield reveal to the Senate Watergate Committee?
0 What causes panic attacks?
0 Why is the mile 528 feet ?
3 What President 's favorite Biblical quotation was : `` Come now , and let us reason together '' .
3 Name the U.S. Senate Majority Leader and Speaker of the House.
3 Who owns the rights to a TV program?
0 How can I trace my family roots ?
0 Why are the roofs in Canada green?
1 What bowling game started as an East -West competition between Michigan and Stanford in the 192's?
3 Name Alvin 's brothers
4 What country are you in if you woo in the Wu dialect ?
0 What is the secret of the universe ?
5 How many layers does a bottle of Yoo-Hoo settle into ?
4 Which two Japanese cities are written with the letters K, O, T and Y?
4 Which countries have the largest forces in the world?
3 Name the designer of the shoe that spawned millions of plastic imitations , known as ` jellies ' .
5 How long does a fly live?
5 How long does a human live ?
3 Who is Samuel Pickering ?
0 What is the history of `` the toast '' ?
5 What is the Pennsylvania state income tax rate ?
0 What is the origin of the word "amen"?
0 In Waugh "A Handful of Dust", what does the crazy old man make the heroes do every afternoon?
1 What currency is used in Australia ?
4 Where are good science sites on the Internet ?
3 Who was the lawyer representing Randy Steven Craft?
5 How many cables support the main span of the Golden Gate Bridge ?
1 What 's the slowest Olympic swimming stroke ?
5 How many times does the tide ebb and flow each day ?
3 Who directed the first Woody Woodpecker cartoon ?
1 What new year is celebrated on February 16th ?
4 What are the five most expensive cities in the world?
5 What are the shoe sizes of O'Neal, Jordan and Mutombo, the NBA players?
4 Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?
3 What are the names of Jacques Cousteau 's two sons ?
0 What is a gas release event ?
1 What do river otters eat ?
1 How can you help someone at Chicken Pox?
0 What is Film noir?
1 What is the longest running television series?
4 Which U.S. state lived under six flags?
4 What U.S. state does the Continental Divide leave to enter Canada ?
3 Which company has the Internet browser Mosaic?
5 When was the internal combustion engine developed ?
0 How do you do a bibliography with an unknown author ?
5 How many feet high is the hurdle in front of a runner 's steeplechase water jump ?
1 What does a Farrier wear shoes?
1 What are the two languages of Malta?
3 Who was the first American in space?
4 Which direction are the best surf beaches?
4 What was the first country that brought a second woman into space?
1 What are some science projects for eighth graders?
1 What are the four most widely-used languages in North America ?
1 What do manatees eat ?
4 What state on the Gulf of Mexico has its lowest point five feet below sea level ?
0 What's the California state motto?
1 What TV show once admitted a contestant to picking his toes in the shower?
1 What color is the cross on the Swiss flag?
4 What Japanese town was Edo?
1 What war was fought by the Spanish as far as the Philippines ?
1 What kind of currency is used in China?
0 What is the HIV virus?
5 How old is Stevie Wonder?
4 What state produces the best lobster to eat ?
4 Mississippi has a name for a state name?
4 Which country do the Nazis have for 1, CD NNS IN NNP NNP NNP NNP.
5 What is the new age to switch a child from a cradle to a bed?
5 When was the first railroad from the east coast to the west coast completed ?
1 What is the biggest clock in Europe?
5 When did they canonize the Bible ?
0 How did the 1812 war affect Delaware?
3 Which oil company has almost chosen a word that means "closed car" in Japanese as its new international name?
3 With whom did Bush compare Saddam Hussein ?
1 What ill-fated craft was captained by Ernst Lehmann ?
1 What were the ceremony traditions like during the Elizabethian times ?
4 What is Drew Barrymore 's email address ?
0 What is the half-life of P-32 ?
1 What is the fear of being loved ?
3 What corporation does Madonna advertise for ?
0 What is a horologist ?
1 What crop failure caused the Irish Famine ?
2 What does R.E.M. stand for the rock group R.E.M.?
0 What is Olestra ?
3 What was Mao 's second name ?
0 What's the story of the toast?
4 Which U.S. state has Sagebrush as its state flower?
1 What is the name of the song that Dracula plays on the organ ?
4 What country surrounds San Marino , the world 's smallest Republic ?
4 What city 's theatrical district has been dubbed The Roaring Forties ?
0 Why do people get calluses ?
3 Who invented the paper clip ?
1 What Nantucket shipwreck killed more divers exploring it than the 52 people it sank with ?
1 In order from the top , the four stripes on a can of Pepsi are what colors ?
3 Who invented basketball ?
3 Who was Bonnie Blue Butler 's father ?
0 What was the outcome of the 1945th Yalta Conference?
5 How many Israeli athletes were killed at the Munich Olympics?
5 What was the kill shot at the outbreak of Mount Pinatubo?
4 Where can I find information about the Philippines?
5 How much cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside?
1 Which animal received royal approval as an emblem of Canada in March 24, 1975?
0 What are Christopher Marlowe's and Shakespeare's literary contributions to English literature?
3 Name the person who burst through the screen in the Lite beer commercials .
4 Which country is known as Big Bear?
0 Why does sound travel quicker through water than air ?
1 What religion has the most members ?
1 What kind of poisoning is known as plumbism ?
0 How did Bob Marley die?
3 What company only markets "shampoo" for brunettes?
0 How is saline used in medicine ?
1 What was Kennedy married to Ethel?
0 What is the origin of the ethnic category "Caucasian"?
2 What does S.H.I.E.L.D. stand for?
4 What city or state do most gays live in?
3 Who was the first American poet to win the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1948?
0 What are the lyrics to the Star Spangled Banner ?
1 What are the ingredients of polyester?
1 What is ribavirin?
1 What is the medical condition in which a baby without a brain is born?
3 Who made the rotary engine automobile ?
5 How many hours does it take for a writer to produce a 100 -page script?
0 How did the seventh inning start?
3 Who created the character of Scrooge ?
0 What is the song Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin about ?
0 What 's the rathaus in Frankfurt ?
0 What is the origin of the word "magic"?
4 What country is bounded in part by the Indian Ocean and Coral and Tasman seas ?
1 What is a fear of the home environment?
5 How many colors were there in the 1940s called Donald Duck Rubber Boat?
0 What is narcolepsy?
3 What Hungarian cardinal was first a state prisoner and then a refugee in the U.S. embassy 1956-1971 ?
5 How many people were there from the bombing of Pan Am flight 103 via Lockerbie, Scotland, December 21, CD.
5 What month were you born in if your birthstone is sardonyx ?
1 What is the strongest card in you?
0 Why are there no white lines on pro football?
4 Where's the biggest dam in the world?
0 Why does the sun only shine for a short time in Alaska?
1 What is a fear of childbirth ?
1 What is the weakest bone in the body?
0 What is tyvek ?
3 Who is the prophet of the religion of Islam?
5 What chapter of the Bible has the most verses ?
4 Name the highest mountain .
0 What hasn't Rocky Marciano done in his professional boxing career?
5 How many layers are there in a bottle of Yoo -Hoo?
0 What is the HIGHEST Roman number?
0 What is `` the only cigarette made with no leftovers '' ?
0 What is Occam 's Razor ?
5 How many different kinds of ice cream are there ?
0 What is Margaret Thatcher known for?
0 Why do many Native American students not complete college ?
1 What is the world 's deadliest infectious disease ?
0 What is June 's birthstone ?
3 What is the highest divorce rate?
1 What 's the only work by Michelangelo that bears his signature ?
1 What was the name of the cacadu of Baretta?
1 Which food appliances are used for disabled children?
5 What year did apartheid begin?
4 Where is the Thomas Edison Museum ?
0 Why did the world enter a global depression in the 1929s?
0 Why do magnets attract ?
5 What season starts with the spring equinox?
3 Name the two daughters of actress John Mills.
0 What are these little blue reflectors in the middle of the street for?
5 In what year was the cannon invented ?
3 Who was the president of Vichy France?
1 What do ladybugs eat ?
1 Which organ contains the islands of Langerhans?
1 What weapon is the mythological character Apollo most proficient with ?
3 What 's the supreme policy-making bureau of the Soviet Communist Party ?
1 What is the medical term for blood cancer?
4 What country contains Africa 's northernmost point ?
0 What is a Jellicle Cat ?
0 What is carpal tunnel syndrome?
3 What was the Ventura County police department that seized the county 's largest amount of cocaine ever ?
3 Who was Jane Goodall?
1 What is a fear of cholera ?
1 What money was used here ?
5 When did the Bounty mutiny take place?
4 What is the name of the sea cruise at the southern tip of South America?
3 Who turned everything he touched into gold?
5 How many cards are dealt to each player in Gin Rummy?
1 In what movie did Madilyn Kahn play with Gene Wilder?
1 What do you see in rhymes?
0 What is Srpska Krajina?
3 What TV character sired a horse named Thunder ?
0 How does lightning travel ?
4 What was known as the Spice Island ?
2 What does RCA mean?
3 Which Polynesians live in New Zealand?
0 How do you type Chinese characters on a keyboard?
1 What helps the first -aid product ````stop the pain''''''?
4 Where is the group M People from ?
5 How many oceans are there and name them ?
4 Which two countries have waged the Hundred Years' War?
1 What is the trademark of a Washington Redskin 's fan ?
2 What do the letters D.C. stand for in Washington , D.C. ?
4 Which two states enclose Chesapeake Bay ?
1 What's the fastest fish in the world?
3 Who sells Viagra ?
1 What was Franklin Roosevelt's economic program called during the Great Depression?
1 What's the international radio word for the letter B?
5 How loud is thunder ?
2 What is DSL?
0 What are the Baltic States?
4 Jackson Pollock is of what nationality?
5 On average , how many miles are there to the moon ?
3 Who's Shirley MacLaine?
3 Which journalist is in and around Walden Puddle?
5 How many `` No '' answers was the What 's My Line ? panel allowed ?
5 What year was the ATM first introduced ?
4 What is the holy river of India?
5 How long was the longest hiccup attack ?
3 Which member of The Little Rascals has an "On -On -Again Sweetheart" in Darla Hood?
0 How do bulbs come out?
3 Who was the first person inducted into the U.S. Swimming Hall of Fame ?
1 What is the term for a group of geese?
0 What does Melissa mean ?
1 What 's the U.S. Navy hymn ?
0 What is the biblical meaning of ``stones'?
3 Who killed Kurt Cobain ?
4 What kind of habitat does the scorpion live in ?
4 What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?
1 What are the different approaches of system analysis?
3 In the movie Groundshog Day, what's the name of Andie MacDowell's character?
3 What detective lives on Punchbowl Hill and has 11 children ?
4 What famous wall supports the bathing tower?
5 What is the frequency of VHF ?
5 How many Beanie Baby Pages are there?
5 How many years did Shea & Gould practice law in Los Angeles ?
3 Who were the head writers for the Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour ?
4 What is the longest suspension bridge in the world?
4 What is the highest mountain?
4 Where can stocks be traded on-line ?
1 What language is mostly spoken in Brazil ?
5 The first transmission of CNN took place on what date?
0 What is the difference between khaki and chino ?
3 What is the middle name of the film producer Joseph E. Levine?
4 Where can I read about Chiang Kai -shek?
4 What planet gave bith to Superman ?
1 Which infectious disease kills the most people worldwide ?
4 What was the first city to be mapped in Vermont?
3 Who wrote Dublin's?
3 Which NBA players had jersey number 0 ?
5 On what day were John F and Jackie Kennedy married?
0 What are the limits to `` self-defense ? ''
0 How do you become a dentist ?
4 What are the ten safest American cities for pedestrians ?
3 Who defeated Napoleon in Jena and Auerstadt?
3 What's the name of the CEO of Apricot Computer?
4 What country was the setting of You Only Live Twice ?
3 Who was Jinnah ?
0 What qualifications are there for people who donate blood?
5 What are the highest odds of winning a roulette table?
3 What 1920s cowboy star rides Tony the Wonder Horse?
3 Which company produces Spumante?
0 What is ``Cat Scratch Fever''?
0 How can you tell if someone is lying ?
5 Approximately how many students are enrolled at the University of Massachusetts ?
5 What is the population of Mozambique?
1 What is the chemical formula for napalm?
1 Which instrument is Ray Charles best known for playing?
1 What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?
1 Name the four stories contained in Edith Wharton 's `` Old New York . ''
5 What is the life span of the average monkey?
1 What book was F. Scott Fitzgerald working on when he died in Hollywood in 194?
4 What country is located at 13 degrees North latitude and 10 degrees East longitude ?
5 What is the chemical reactivity of neon ?
4 Where do the Grimace and Mayor McCheese live ?
0 What is the Home Rule Act ?
1 What are wolf habits?
3 What was the name of the Titanic 's captain ?
1 What is a fear of punishment?
3 Who was the first Holy Roman Emperor ?
5 How many people live in Tokyo?
1 What was the name of the popular song the Creeps sang?
1 What is the continuation of Alice's Adventures in Wonderland?
4 Where is there information on the novel `` El Cid '' ?
3 Who is known as the greatest violinist?
3 Who owns the St. Louis Rams ?
3 Who directed Citizen Kane?
3 Who sang about Desmond and Molly Jones?
0 How does he make his colors?
5 How many sperms are in an average ejaculation?
1 What's the most expensive car in the world?
0 What is the medical condition of hypertension ?
0 What is the coppertop battery?
4 What park contains Firehole River and Fairy Falls ?
1 What is a fear to speak?
0 What was the verdict in the 1925 trial against John T. Scopes?
2 What is LMDS?
4 What country received all the Nobel Prizes awarded in 1976 ?
1 What was Paul Bunyan's ox's name?
3 What company claimed to be the largest toy store in the world?
1 What is the West Virginia State Animal?
0 How do you say the word "qigong"?
0 How to convert foot pounds to foot duty?
5 How tall is the Matterhorn ?
1 What do the Japanese call Japan?
1 What color are tennis balls?
5 How many calories are there in a glass of water ?
0 What did n't Rocky Marciano do in his pro boxing career ?
3 Who owns the St. Louis Rams?
0 What kind of ankle sprain would you do?
3 What actor first portrayed James Bond ?
5 When did the Dow first arrive?
5 Hitler came to power in Germany in what year?
5 How many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ?
5 How much is the stock of Apple computers, and where can I find this information?
0 What makes someone ticklish?
1 What is another word for diet ?
3 What actress starred in `` The Lion in Winter '' ?
0 How do you get a girl to have sex with you ?
0 What's the story with the soft drink, Mr. Pibb?
4 What is the most important nation in the world , historically ?
1 What is the name of the kids ' show from Canadian Public TV with the singing pineapple ?
5 How often were quadruples born?
0 What is the story of Spartacus, the Roman slave and gladiator?
3 Who is Count Cinzano ?
1 What does the six-footed Musca domestica become when it enters a house ?
4 What is the address of the famous Mexican star `` Thalia '' ?
1 Name the only trilogy of classical Greek pieces received.
0 What is La Nina?
1 What Broadway musical featured the song , `` If I were a rich man ? ''
4 Which country is Australia's largest export market?
5 What is the number of American soldiers deployed to South Korea ?
4 What is the seafaring name for the southern tip of South America ?
0 How did water appear on Earth?
4 What is the oldest ethnological museum in the world ?
5 When did the Dow first reach ?
1 What's the name of a female rabbit?
5 How big is the universe?
1 At Christmas time , what is the traditional thing to do under the mistletoe ?
0 How are the U.S.A. involved in the Barbary Wars?
0 What happens when a body part falls asleep ?
4 Where on the Internet can I find a song lyrics database similar to the International Lyrics Server ?
4 Which Kenyan city is the Safari Centre for East Africa?
3 What is the real name of disc jockey `` Wolfman Jack '' ?
1 What's the only animal that can turn its stomach outward?
1 What is a fear of disease?
5 How many states did Richard Nixon carry in 1972 ?
1 What two parts of your body grow all your life?
5 What is the weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole ?
3 What poet wrote : `` ... I have promises to keep , and miles to go before I sleep '' ?
3 What English queen had six fingers on one hand ?
5 How much of the silver production is manufactured by independent silversmiths ?
1 What gender is rejected in Kuwait?
1 What do I call the sons and daughters of my first cousins ?
1 What 's the name of the Tokyo Stock Exchange ?
5 How many Vietnamese were there in the Soviet Union?
0 What is the meaning of W.B. Yeat 's poem , `` The Three Hermits ? ''
4 What town was the setting for The Music Man ?
3 Who developed Potlatch?
3 Who was the first X -Man to die in combat?
4 What California bridge was Don Brown the first to cross , on May 27 , 1937 ?
1 What is a fear of strong light ?
5 How many children does Ray Davies of the Kinks have ?
5 How far is the moon?
0 What makes a clitoris sensitive?
2 What is Mikhail Gorbachev's middle initial?
5 How much is the state income tax in Pennsylvania?
4 What is the capital of California?
3 What are the four railways in Monopoly?
0 Why are movie and TV stars paid so much?
4 What country is the world 's largest importer of cognac ?
5 How many languages does the Pope speak ?
3 Who was Garrett Morgan married to?
5 What's the world record for the longest hair?
3 Who were the Yankee 's frequent enemies ?
4 Which countries have Sierra Nevada mountains?
3 What stereo manufacturer is `` Slightly ahead of its time '' ?
1 What are the most common breeding birds in the USA?
5 What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
1 For what film did Louise Fletcher win the best actress Oscar?
0 What do you know about multicultural and multilingual schools?
5 How long does it take to hike the entire Appalachian Trail?
1 What new games are available for Nintendo 64 ?
3 What tennis player has the nickname `` Nasty '' ?
1 Which condiment was once sold as a patent medicine ?
1 What type of file does the extension.dbf have?
5 What is the chromosome count of an elephant?
5 What is the population of the United States ?
3 What's Michael Jackson's father's name?
0 How do you get bubblegum out of carpet ?
1 What African animals are known as The Big Five ?
5 How many square meters is Bill Gates at home?
3 What was the real name of writer Ross Macdonald , creator of the hero Lew Archer ?
2 What does Ms. , Miss , and Mrs. stand for ?
3 Who invented basketball?
1 What four -legged creature has a Cornell University study said that it would make humans the best companion in space?
1 What's a fear of color?
3 What famous movie and TV cowboy borrowed his name from a fast food chain?
1 What overalls are named for Dungri , a suburb of Bombay ?
3 Who wrote the book "Song of Solomon"?
0 What is Compaq's Mission Statement?
5 How big is the biggest diamond?
0 What are the advantages of homeschool?
0 What causes `` rolling thunder '' ?
3 What longtime game show host dropped dead while jogging in Central Park in 1984 ?
1 What is the lowest level of the American judiciary ?
4 What are the Benelux countries?
3 Who is Desmond Tutu ?
1 What kind of science is cosmology?
0 How would I find the price of different organs that have been donated ?
3 Which one was Rhodes Scholar?
3 What organization did Mr. Waverly employ agents for?
1 What is a fear of motion ?
4 What Russian seaport has a name that means "Lord of the East"?
0 What are the words to the Canadian National anthem ?
3 What organization was broken into in Watergate in 1972?
5 When is the Jimmy Buffett concert coming to the E center in Camden NJ ?
3 Who killed Caesar?
0 What is an auto-commentary ?
1 What do opposite faces of a die always add up to ?
5 When was the Berlin Wall erected ?
1 What famous tennis tournament's men's singles was Fred Perry the last Englishman to win?
4 On what avenue is the original Saks department store located ?
0 What is the origin of the word "murder"?
1 What was the monster in Spielberg 's film `` Jaws '' ?
4 What is the largest country in Latin America?
0 How can your school march at Macy's Thanksgiving Parade?
3 What Soviet leader had a Rolls -Royce?
1 Which is the best opening move in chess ?
0 What are chloroplasts?
4 Where was George Washington born?
1 What kind of betting is used in horse racing?
3 Which superstar of the National Basketball Association told his story in Giant Steps?
1 Which vehicles are driven in the Tour de France?
3 Which architect comes from the glass house designed by the Chicago Federal Center had a philosophy of "less is more", "and produced plans that were the forerunner of the California Ranch house".
4 Where can I find pictures of how to build a very simple tree house?
0 What is the origin of the Christmas tree?
0 What does the Greek word polis mean , as in Minneapolis ?
3 What woman pitcher has struck out Ted Williams and Hank Aaron ?
0 What are Cobol , Fortran , and Pascal ?
0 What is an aortic abdominal aneurysm ?
3 Who lives on 39th Stone Canyon Way?
5 When was cigarette advertising banned on television and radio ?
1 What color tennis balls are used on Wimbledon?
1 What was the name of the American ship sunk by a mine in Havana harbor , causing the Spanish-American war ?
1 What is the only modern language that capitalizes its singular first-person pronoun ?
3 Which lawyer has won the biggest divorce settlement in the history of Sheika Dena Al -Farri?
1 What 's the colored part of the eye called ?
1 What war saw battles at Parrot 's Beak and Black Virgin ?
3 What was the Christian name of the title character in Our Miss Brooks ?
3 Who won the first general election for President held in Malawi in May 1994 ?
5 How many earthworms are on a single field?
4 Where can I find a Ask An Expert website?
3 Name's Randy Craft's lawyer.
0 How do you determine heating requirements for your home ?
4 Where is the location of the Orange Bowl?
3 Which heavyweight boxer was known as The Wild Bull of the Pampas?
5 What fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?
1 What 's the literary term for a play on words ?
1 What are ``arrow needles''and ``horsepower'' better known than?
1 What product is for children and not for stupid rabbits?
4 Where on the Internet can I get information about the Fifth Amendment on the American Bill of Rights ?
0 What is a caldera ?
1 What's your favorite color?
5 When was the first glass window made?
0 What was unusual about Alexandra 's appearance in Josie and the Pussycats ?
3 What woman was Time 's Man of the Year for 1952 ?
0 How can I trace my family roots?
4 What canal does the Thatcher Ferry Bridge span ?
5 What 's the third month of the Gregorian calendar ?
1 What's the name of the dog on the Cracker Jack Box?
0 What is a caul ?
5 What is the population of Mississippi?
3 Who among the following celebrities doesn't paint as a hobby?
3 Who made Stonehenge?
0 Why are there olives in martinis ?
1 What is the recipe or formula for Coca-Cola ?
4 In which country did the Mau Mau revolt take place?
5 When did the Berlin Wall come up?
5 How many miles is it to Ohio from North Carolina ?
3 Who was the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic ?
4 What is the largest city in the world?
3 Who made the musical plea Be True to Your School ?
3 Who's Johnny Carson?
3 What Italian leader had a lifelong fear of the evil eye ?
3 Who is the Queen of Holland ?
4 Where did Sarge Steel get his metal hand ?
5 On which date is the Ukrainians ' Christmas ?
1 What are the 7 Wonders of the World ?
0 What does "extended definition" mean and how would you write a paper on it?
5 How long is the Coney Island boardwalk ?
0 What do people do to prevent birds from dying?
4 Which country has the southernmost point in continental Europe?
4 What city is Logan Airport in ?
3 What government did the untouchables work for?
1 In what sport is there a ``Scrum'''?
1 Name the product ``at your grocery store', at your fingertips.''
3 What pillar of the Dutch Renaissance did Aristotle paint the bust of Homer contemplating?
5 What is the average hours per months spent online by AOL users ?
4 Where is the Basque Country?
0 What clause of the U.S. Constitution may not be amended, amended or amended?
3 Who were the Picts?
3 Which government or government authorities are responsible for dealing with racism?
1 What kind of tree decorates the flag of Lebanon?
5 How many innings are there in a regulation softball game ?
3 Who was America's first Public Enemy Number One?
0 How can I stop background noise in a stereo system?
1 What 's the geographic term for the submerged fringe of a continent ?
0 What is time ?
0 What is Franz Kafka trying to tell us with his short story "A Country Doctor"?
3 Who was Darius?
5 When is Bastille Day?
3 What was the name of the first Watergate special prosecutor , later fired by Nixon ?
1 What was the Gas House Gang playing?
0 What should you do for an ankle sprain ?
3 At what university was Woodrow Wilson president?
3 What mystery writer penned `` ...the glory that was Greece , and the grandeur that was Rome '' ?
3 Name one of the most important gods of Hinduism.
1 What is a fear of weakness ?
4 What is the longest river in the United States ?
5 How long does it take the Milky Way Galaxy to make one revolution ?
5 What is the fine for having a dog on a beach ?
1 What are other ways of getting stretch marks besides pregnancy , weight loss , and weight lifting ?
1 What is Grenada's most important export of raw materials?
4 What ocean did the Titanic sink in ?
0 What is the Ural?
5 When was CNN's first broadcast?
5 How many U.S. presidents were assassinated during Queen Victoria 's reign ?
5 How many minutes were there on the original GE College Bowl clock?
5 How many hours of work does it take a typist to complete a 100-page screenplay ?
5 What year did Spielberg make `` Jaws '' ?
0 What do a diamond and a lump of money have in common?
5 How many minutes were there on the original GE College Bowl clock ?
4 Where is McCarren Airport?
3 Who found Hawaii?
1 What incident of 1933 did the German Nazis use to justify emergency decrees , imprisoning opponents and vesting more power in themselves ?
4 What is the largest city in Germany ?
1 What kind of rocket launched the Surveyor spacecraft ?
4 In what city was President William McKinley shot?
1 What is a fear of failure ?
1 What's the name for clouds that make rain?
5 How many stars are there on the Soviet Union 's flag ?
3 Who is the nebbish that is Marvel 's official mascot ?
5 In what year was the movie the Ten Commandments released ?
5 How many people died in the Vietnam War?
4 Where are the busiest ports in the world ?
0 What effect does friction have on perpetual motion ?
1 What's the name of the Salt Lake City paper?
0 What is the cultural origin of the Potlatch ceremony?
1 What household contains a flute ball, a ball cock and an overflow pipe?
5 How many votes in Congress dissented from the 1941 declaration of war with Japan ?
4 Where is one 's corpus callosum found ?
4 What 's the closest G2 Spectrum Yellow Dwarf to Earth ?
0 How is the seventh of silk done?
3 Who is the head of the World Bank ?
1 What does a woman want?
1 What kind of rocket launched the Surveyor spaceship?
0 What does it mean `` Rupee Depreciates '' ?
5 How many colonies did Germany get to keep after World War I ?
3 Name the bounty hunter with the scar face of The Old West.
0 Why do we call someone "honey"?
1 What is the name of the Michelangelo painting that shows two hands with fingers touching ?
3 What is the best art and design school in the world?
5 When did Rokoko's painting and architecture develop?
4 What volcano showers ash on Sicily ?
5 How many litres of whole milk does it take to make a pound of butter?
1 What was the name of the Protestant rebellion against the supremacy of the Pope?
0 What is Cabarnet Sauvignon?
0 How do I write to my Congressman ?
0 What is the origin of the word nevermind ?
3 Who was the king who signed the Magna Carta?
0 What is the origin of the typing practice sentence `` Now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their country '' ?
3 Rotary engines were manufactured by which company ?
4 Where was Poe born?
0 What is an Angelus ?
3 Who are Woody Woodpecker 's niece and nephew ?
3 Who shot Lee Harvey Oswald?
3 Who played Humpty Dumpty in the 1933 film Alice in Wonderland ?
3 Who directed "Jaws"?
5 How much money does the Sultan of Brunei have?
0 What must a Las Vegas blackjack dealer do when he reaches 16 ?
3 Who died with over a thousand U S patents on his account?
0 What can be done about snoring ?
1 What are the most important blood vessels?
1 What did San Francisco 's Milt Harper grow that measured 24 inches from tip to tip in 1974 ?
1 What J.R.R. Tolkien book features Bilbo Baggins as the central character ?
3 Which Bourbon king was restored to the French throne during Napoleon 's abdication ?
0 How can you prevent the itching of poison ivy?
0 How does an abacus work ?
4 Where are the busiest ports in the world?
3 Who stopped making journal entries about May 31, 1669 because he thought he was going blind?
3 Which president became Chief Justice after his presidency?
4 Where is Mile High Stadium ?
1 What are the historical trials following World War II called ?
5 How many bones are there in the human hand ?
2 What is AFS ?
1 What 's the sequel to Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland ?
3 Whose special bear'creator was born on January 18, 1779?
0 Where did Indian Pudding come from ?
4 Where's Santa Lucia?
0 Why is the word `` abbreviation '' so long ?
0 What according to Kinsey Institute is the sexual preference of four percent of American men?
1 What are the signs of a country going into recession?
3 What initials of the fast food magnate decorated the left sleeves of the San Diego Padres baseball uniforms in 1984?
3 Whose closet was empty?
5 How many South American countries have the letter Z in their names ?
1 From what hymn did John Steinbeck receive his title The Grapes of Wrath?
3 Which American actress was the first to be called a vampire?
3 Who is King in Alley Oop 's home of Moo ?
0 How do hermitic cancers multiply?
1 What cover of the Beatles honors the Rolling Stones?
4 What is the most powerful country in the world?
5 In what year was Gandhi assassinated ?
0 How do fuel injectors work ?
5 What is the exchange rate for Australian to American money ?
5 When was Richard Nixon born ?
0 What is the origin of `` jiggy '' as in getting jiggy with it ?
3 Who sings Angel Eyes from the 80 's ?
3 Who was the first Russian astronaut to walk in space ?
0 What's a soap cake?
1 What six words follow the line ```From a boy to a king''''''''?
4 Where are the Aborigines?
0 How do you get a girl to have sex with you?
1 What is the Michelangelo sculpture in St. Petersburg, Basilica?
1 What 's the international radio code word for the letter F ?
5 How many eyes does a coconut have?
1 What song served as the closing theme of The Johnny Cash Show ?
5 How many people died on D-Day ?
0 What is the difference between a board of directors and an advisory board ?
5 How far do you have to run if you hit a home run ?
4 Where is the Henry Ford Museum ?
4 What is the largest natural lake in Pennsylvania ?
0 What is Megan 's law ?
5 How many meters is the obstacle to a runner's steep water jump?
4 What country 's northernmost city is Darwin ?
2 What does pH mean for?
1 What substance did Joseph Priestley name for its ability to erase pencil marks ?
4 In which state was the first governor elected?
3 What famous male vocalist has the same name as the composer of the opera Hansel and Gretel ?
2 What does LOL mean ?
3 Who was the last U.S. president to reinstate Selective Service registration ?
0 How do you write a correct critical analysis of a poem?
1 What is the fastest growing comic book of all time?
0 What is an angel?
0 What's a leper?
0 What is the Motto for the State of Maryland ?
0 What is prepared mustard?
4 What is the leading pecan and peanut growing state ?
1 What impenetrable system of French fortifications was built along the German frontier before World War II ?
0 What is the definition of the term `` weapons system '' ?
5 How many children under 18.m. are victims of physical abuse every year?
4 What were the first three cities to have a population of more than one million?
4 What U.S. state boasts Stone Mountain , the world 's largest mass of exposed granite ?
3 Who is the prime minister of Australia ?
1 What color tennis balls are used at Wimbledon ?
3 Who is the Prime Minister of Australia?
1 What four tastes can a human distinguish ?
3 What buxom blonde appeared on the cover of more than 5 magazines ?
3 What 's the name of the star of the cooking show , `` Galloping Gourmet '' ?
1 Which animals do you find on the stock market?
0 How do you identify prime numbers ?
3 Who's the richest woman in the world?
4 Where is Poe 's birthplace ?
3 Which record company produced the 1978 movie The Wiz?
1 What is the weakest bone in the body ?
5 How much did a knight's armor weigh?
0 How does color affect a person psychologically?
0 What was the V -8 Juice slogan: ```the keybud''?
0 What are liver enzymes?
0 How do plants make food?
3 What college did Joe Namath play football for?
3 Who were the only two bald U.S. presidents?
1 What soft drink held a national flavor poll in 1967 ?
3 What daughter of Henry VIII. And Anne Boleyn became Queen of England?
3 Which painter popularized Brillo's soup cans and soap boxes?
1 What is Mississippi 's state animal ?
0 What's a Gandy dancer?
5 Hitler came to power in Germany in what year ?
1 What series of trials followed World War II ?
4 What 's the name of the temple that is located near the capital city of Laos ?
5 What was the number of assassinations and attempts to assassinate in the U.S. since 1865 ?
3 What was the name of the writer Ross Macdonald, the creator of the hero Lew Archer?
1 What does a deltiologist collect ?
3 Who created Billy Pilgrim , a survivor of the Dresden firestorm ?
4 Where is the Isle of Man ?
1 What 1965 film had Jack Lemmon portraying a cartoonist ?
0 What 's a short ton ?
0 Why do people shake hands to show friendliness ?
3 Who played Al Jolson in the Jolson story?
0 What do Hank Aaron , Jimmy Stewart , and Howard K. Smith have in common ?
0 How do I know someone is truly in love with me ?
5 The Olympic Games in which year allowed Nadia Comaneci to become popular ?
5 How many people did Randy Craft murder ?
5 What are the costs of the round trip between New York and London with Concorde?
4 Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex?
3 Who murdered Leno and Rosemary LaBianca on August 1
4 Where on the Internet can I get chemicals importers ?
0 Colin Powell is famous for what ?
4 What's the name of a hotel in Indianapolis?
3 Which hockey player did Ronald Reagan joke on that he would trade Texas for?
3 What English playwright penned : `` Where the bee sucks , so shall I '' ?
3 Who invented the road traffic cone ?
3 Who is Nicolo Paganini?
0 What is Linux ?
0 What triggered a conference between Eisenhower and Khrushchev?
5 How many James Bond novels are there ?
1 What meat added sweet potatoes and peas to the first TV dinner?
3 Who shared a New York City apartment with Roger Maris the year he hit 61 home runs ?
3 Which U.S. Vice President killed Alexander Hamilton in a duel?
0 What is a rhomboideus minor ?
3 What mayor made so many TV appearances he was asked to join AFTRA in 1984 ?
3 Which of the following was Rhodes Scholar ?
2 What does RCA stand for ?
0 What happened to Answers.com ?
1 What 's the most delicate-tasting member of the onion family ?
1 What is Shirley MacLaine known as?
1 What Shakespeare piece contained Shylock?
0 What is the origin of the word `` tampon '' ?
3 Who was Secretary of State during the Nixon administration ?
1 What is the brand name of a chemical used to control maturation?
4 Where did Victor Hugo spend his exile?
5 How long do flies live ?
3 Who was the captain of the tanker Exxon Valdez, who was involved in the oil disaster in Prince William Sound, Alaska, 1989?
3 What are the names of Richard Nixon 's two daughters ?
1 What do river otters eat?
1 What 's the dumbest domesticated animal ?
1 What is the most popular four -player game of all time?
0 What is nuclear proliferation ?
5 When was it assumed that fish were found on Earth?
5 How many years of bad luck follow breaking a mirror ?
0 Why does a candle need a wick?
2 What is IOC an abbreviation of?
0 What is an example of an actual case of using the Fourteenth Amendment ?
5 How many pins are used in skittles ?
1 What kind of animal is the lightest -kept pet there is?
1 What major battle was fought in Belgium in 1815?
0 What caused an adjournment of the 25th anniversary session of the United Nations General Assembly ?
3 Name the two boys who were rescued by the animated Moby Dick.
1 What was the name of America's first manned space program?
5 When was the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin built ?
3 What can you tell me about the actor James Cromwell?
5 What was the first minimum wage ?
1 What 's the second-most-used vowel in English ?
0 What is a caul?
0 What was the reason for the partition of the Anglican and Vatican churches ?
0 What is the S &P 500 used for?
0 What does the name ` Alexandra ' mean ?
5 What was the minimum wage in 1991?
5 What is the average life expectancy of a male in Ireland in 1996 ?
5 How old is Benny Carter?
4 What Metropolis landmark was first introduced in the Superman cartoons of the 1940 's ?
2 What does NECROSIS mean?
1 What's a fear of being dirty?
3 Who claims to be the most evolved man in the world?
3 Who played the original Charlie's Angels?
4 Where did Honecker rule ?
1 What 's been the ruin of many a poor boy in New Orleans ?
1 What new year is celebrated on February 16th?
3 Who portrayed George M. Cohan in 1942 's Yankee Doodle Dandy ?
1 What is the second most common vowel in English?
3 Who is the best known villain of the 165 Gunpowder Plot ?
3 Who invented volleyball?
3 What is the nickname of the famous flyer who mistakenly flew to Ireland instead of to Los Angeles ?
0 What rights do some children have?
5 How many gallons of paint does it take to paint the Golden Gate Bridge ?
0 How do I know the exact time of sunset for a particular day?
1 What song put James Taylor in the limelight ?
1 What were millions of kids wearing on their heads in 1955 ?
5 In what year was the first patent for the pull tab opener obtained on cans?
4 Which U.S. state boasts Leif Ericson Park?
3 Who asked the musical question : `` Have you ever been to electric lady land ? ''
0 In My Antonia , how is Mr. Shimerda out of place on the farm ?
0 What is ethylene ?
2 What does U S R mean?
1 What is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as : involuntary movements , tics , swearing , and incoherent vocalizations , grunts , shouts , etc. ?
4 What city has the two steepest streets in the U.S. ?
1 What is a fear of being cold ?
3 What journalist can be found in and around Walden Puddle ?
3 Rotary engines used to be made by whom ?
4 What country are you in when you turn on the Wu dialect?
5 What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?
1 What turns blue litmus paper red ?
0 What causes rust?
3 Name the university of which Woodrow Wilson was president .
3 Who portrays the rich criminologist Carl Hyatt on Checkmate?
3 Which spokesman has Watergate described as a third -rate burglary attempt?
2 What does ESPN mean?
4 Where was Poe born ?
2 What is HTML ?
1 What was Mark Johnson referring to when he said : `` I still can 't believe it- we beat the Russians ? ''
0 What is the programming language C?
5 What was Einstein's IQ?
3 Name the various costumed individuals of Dr. Henry Pym.
1 What astronomical phenomenon takes place in Jan. 1999 ?
1 Which language has the most words?
1 What name of beer is translated as ``lion brew''?
0 What are field effect transistors?
0 How do machines recognize if your dollar is one or five?
3 What singer 's hit song inspired the Dolly Parton Stallone movie Rhinestone ?
3 What ill-fated American general dragged a bull terrier named Willie through World War II ?
3 What English explorer discovered and named Virginia ?
0 What did Lenny Bruce say that arrested him?
0 How can I register my website in Yahoo for free?
4 What's the best orthopedic hospital in the country?
1 What were millions of children wearing on their heads in the 1955s?
0 How has TV affected our society ?
5 How many four star generals wer e there and who are they?
4 What river is Pocahontas buried along?
0 What are the lyrics to `` Smelly Cat '' ?
2 What does the abbreviation OAS stand for?
5 How long was the O.J. Simpson trial?
1 In Kafka's metamorphosis, the hero wakes up one morning to learn that he has been turned into what?
1 What is a technique popularly used to detect birth defects ?
4 What two states is Washington D.C. between ?
1 What is the term that describes a word where only one usage has been recorded in all literature ?
3 Who accompanied Space Ghost on his missions ?
1 What 1964 movie was the song My Kind of Town?
4 What country was Kim Philby really working for ?
1 What was the longest war in the history of the United States?
4 Where is the official `` zero '' of the sea level ?
0 What is the lost colony?
0 What is a biologist ?
3 Who invented volleyball ?
5 What weighs a teaspoon of matter in a black hole?
1 What became the biggest cash crop in the U.S. in 1983 , surpassing corn ?
4 Where is Hearst Castle , built by publisher William Randolph Hearst ?
1 What connects white wine to the syringe in a syringe?
0 What does the name Gina mean?
3 What writer named Yousuf Karsh the sharpest man I've ever met?
0 What do Hank Aaron, Jimmy Stewart and Howard K. Smith have in common?
0 What is the difference between optical and digital video ?
3 What American League baseball team 's worst finish between 1926 and 1964 was fourth ?
5 How much money was the minimum wage in 1991?
4 Where is Edinburgh, Scotland?
4 Where can I find detailed information about Manchukuo ?
5 When did the original Howdy Doody show start?
4 What country will hit the year 2 first ?
4 What constellation contains the twins Castor and Pollux ?
0 What is being done about the millennium bug ?
1 Which literary classic focuses on the search for a treasure in gold worth 7,0 pounds?
3 What was the background singing group for Roy Rogers?
0 How is a hydrogen bomb different from a nuclear bomb ?
3 Who plays shortstop for Charlie Brown 's baseball team ?
0 Why is Rush's name 2112 2112?
1 What war saw a naval battle between the luxury liners Cap Trafalgar and the Carmania ?
3 What kind of organization is ` Last Chance for Animals ' ?
3 Who built the first pyramid ?
3 What culture developed the idea of potlatch ?
5 What seven digits follow the territorial code in the number for remote information?
3 Who is Imam Hussain Ben Ali whom Shia people believe in ?
5 When do you plant winter wheat ?
3 Who wrote The Godfather ?
3 What is the oldest profession ?
0 How do you get stupid kitten out of fabric?
5 How many years did it take James Joyce to write Odysseus?
0 What are dingoes ?
0 Where do rocks come from ?
0 What is `` the computer for the rest of us '' ?
4 What Southwest state is called Silver State?
0 What information can you get me on Fairground Park in St. Louis
3 Who is the richest person in the world ?
0 How do you match a name to a social security number ?
5 When did French revolutionaries storm the Bastille?
1 What was the first sport broadcast in the United States?
4 Where can I find a case on Individuals with Disabilities Education Act of 1991 ?
4 What 's the tallest building in New York City ?
5 How long does pregnancy last in humans?
5 When was the big depression?
1 What sporting event is Meyer Wolfsheim to have in The Great Gatsby?
5 What date is boxing day?
4 Where can I find examples of legal cases concerning the law on disability education?
4 Where do I find the address of a person with a phone number?
4 Where are the U.S. headquarters for Procter & Gamble ?
3 Who is the current UN Secretary -General?
1 What color is the eight ball in the pocket billiard?
5 How many members are in the California Congressional delegation?
3 What British monarch 's lap did P.T. Barnum 's Tom Thumb sit in ?
5 What year was the setting for American graffiti?
4 Which country ruled King Gustav V from 197 to 195?
4 Where does Barney Rubble go to work after he drops Fred off in the `` Flintstones '' cartoon series ?
1 What do penguins eat ?
0 What is moisture?
1 What program do I need to run a .tbk file ?
0 What are Fortune 500 companies?
4 Where can I find lyrics for R&B ?
4 What are the top 5 tallest buildings in the world ?
3 Which bread company has put Cisco Kid stickers at the end of their packages?
5 How many meters are in a mile ?
5 What is the youngest age a boy or girl can have an orgasm ?
3 Who was The Pride of the Yankees ?
3 What Civil War general wreaked havoc on the south by marching through Georgia on his way to the sea ?
1 What's the only vegetable that starts with "z"?
2 What is chaos?
1 What are the first and last letters of the Greek alphabet ?
3 What comedian calls her brother -in -law Captain Bligh and her mother -in -law Moby Dick?
5 What is the world population as of today ?
5 How many wings does a fly have?
5 When did the Bounty mutiny take place ?
1 What format was VHS's biggest competition?
5 How many calories are there in a glass of water?
0 How do birds find their way back to the same place every year ?
5 How many different languages are spoken in Europe?
0 Why do the eyes sometimes look red in the photos?
3 What do you call someone who likes fire?
1 What do flat fish eat?
1 Which side should a bowler facing a 37803 split hit the 3-pin on-the left or the right ?
1 What is the most popular form of gambling with women in Las Vegas?
0 Where did the marriage ceremony come from ?
5 How many times a year does the American Gourd Society publish The Gourd ?
3 Who's the voice of Miss Piggy?
5 The Olympic Games in what year allowed Nadia Comaneci to become popular?
0 What is the `` fourth dimension '' ?
5 How many counties are there in Indiana?
4 Where did the ukulele come from?
1 What kind of hat does Bat Masterson wear ?
2 What does the E stand for in equation E =mc2?
0 Why were red M&Ms discontinued then brought back ?
5 What is the population of the largest Chilean city
0 How can I determine the radius of an ellipse ?
0 How can I stop or slow down aging ?
3 Which comedian was born to Allen Stewart Konigsberg?
1 What war did the Potsdam Conference follow ?
4 Where do I find correct tabs for Third Eye Blind songs?
0 What is the difference between classical conditioning and operator conditioning?
0 How does Zatanna perform her magic in DC comics ?
3 Who is Desmond Tutu?
0 What causes mouth ulcers?
1 What TV show premiered on January 15 , 1981 ?
5 How many blacks served in the Vietnam War
1 What are the 28 tenses in the English language ?
2 What is HDLC?
4 What ocean did Amelia Earhart fly over when she disappeared?
1 What British TV series inspired All in the Family ?
0 How do I make fuel stones out of recycled paper?
1 What kind of animals are there in Cambodia?
0 How can I find online spelling , and punctuation drills for my 6th grader ?
4 Where can I find the history of Hungarian?
4 What was Jackson Pollock's nationality?
1 What's a fear of smells, body?
4 What do we call the imaginary line at the top of the Rocky Mountains?
5 What's the first day of the week?
4 Which constellation contains the Castor and Pollux twins?
3 What civilization invented the arch ?
0 How do I give a good massage ?
3 What company has built more than 2.5 billion small green houses since the 1935's?
3 Who followed Caesar?
1 What is a fear of crystals or glass?
0 What is the definition of `` chancery '' file in real estate ?
3 Who first broke the sound barrier ?
5 How many pages does an obelisk have?
5 How many meters are in a mile ?
3 Who led the opposition when Konrad Adenauer was Chancellor of Germany?
3 Who was the supreme God of the Germanic religion?
3 Who 's the only president buried in Washington
4 In What city or state do the most gay men live in ?
4 Where can I get a photograph of professor Randolph Quirk ?
3 In the past 8 years who have the MVP players for the NHL been ?
5 How many trees go into paper making in a year ?
0 What is a courier?
0 Why do roofs give off steam after a big rain?
3 What's the name of the American swimmer who won seven gold medals in the 1972 -year Olympics?
4 Where is the Smithsonian Institute?
4 Where are the busiest Amtrak rail stations in the U.S. ?
5 How long did it take Stanley to find Livingstone?
1 What must be exceeded to create a sound boom?
4 Which city was the backdrop for The Music Man?
5 How many people in the US say that their main source of information is the newspaper?
1 What color eyes are most sensitive to light ?
3 What former daughter of the president wrote a book called Murder in the White House?
4 What is the capital of Congo ?
4 Which country borders most others?
1 What is it that walks on four legs , then on two legs , then on three ?
4 Where does Buzz Aldrin want to build a permanent , manned space station ?
1 What 's destroyed in Genesis 19 : 24 ?
0 How do birds find their way back to the same place every year?
4 Where does the U.S. get most of its energy ?
3 Who advertises for Frito -Lay?
1 What Kevin Costner movie did Sioux Indians play in?
5 What percentage of fresh water in Canada is available worldwide?
5 What is the date of Boxing Day ?
0 How does General Mills produce Cheerios?
4 Where can I find full written draft of CTBT ?
5 How's Judy Garland's birthday?
5 How far is the longest hole in one on a golf course and where did it happen?
0 What are the Alveoli?
5 How fast is light?
0 Why should cigarette smoking be banned ?
5 What is the current population for these countries : France , Spain , Italy , Greece , Austria , Germany , Switzerland , the Netherlands ?
1 What is November's birthstone?
5 In what year did Jack Nicklaus join the Professional Golfers Association Tour?
2 What is RCD ?
3 What actor learned to play the saxophone and speak Russian for a role in a movie ?
0 Why are there letters on the telephone ? Why are there no Q or Z ?
0 What is Olestra?
3 What is the name of a Greek god?
4 Which African country is governed by Ouagadougou?
3 Which presidents of the USA were Masons ?
0 What is InterLata Internet service ?
5 How old is the Italian artist Maurizio Pellegrin?
5 What day is August 13, 1971?
0 How to use "further" as opposed to "further".
1 What two major world religions began in India ?
5 What are the shoe sizes of O 'Neal , Jordan , and Mutombo , the NBA players ?
0 What are the seven deadly sins?
5 How many tenths of the Earth's surface are underwater?
4 Which bay sparkles next to Miami, Florida?
0 How can you tell when figs are ripe ?
3 What comedienne upstaged Dwight D. Eisenhower 's first inauguration by giving birth to her first child ?
1 What does a topophobic actor suffer from ?
5 In what year was the NAACP established?
1 What was the non -fictional bestseller of 1952, 1953 and 1954?
1 What is the second lightest element?
4 What is website of the International Court of Justice ?
3 What professional son of Cricketer wrote the War of the Worlds in 1898?
3 What king is satirized in the line : `` The King was in the countinghouse , counting all his money '' ?
1 The operating system that runs on IBM-compatible machines is called what ?
5 What percentage of the world 's plant and animal species can be found in the Amazon forests ?
4 What former royal palace served as a granary, prison, arsenal, leprosy, mint, telegraph station and puff before becoming an art museum?
3 Who makes the car battery ``Die Hard'?
3 Which international organization was founded by Clara Barton?
1 What was the first Gilbert and Sullivan opera ?
3 Name the Marvel team loosely based on DC 's Justice League of America ?
1 What is the name of the "female pendant" to El Nino, which leads to cold temperatures and very dry weather?
1 What is the term for an organism living on or in another?
3 Name of heroine in `` Scruples '' ?
4 Which Asian Gulf were the destroyers that Maddox and C Turner shot Joy at?
5 How many yards are in 1 mile ?
5 How long has L.L. Cool J. been married ?
3 Name of the hero in ``Scruples''?
5 In what year did Joe DiMaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?
1 What is "little red car" mentioned in the pop singer Prince's hit song?
1 Which produces the longer sperm - an elephant or a mouse ?
0 What happens when lightning strikes a body of water ?
3 Who painted "Soft Self Portrait" with grilled bacon?
4 Where are diamonds mined?
3 What king was forced to agree to the Magna Carta ?
3 Who is the famous sister of actress Olivia De Havilland?
0 How is plastic made?
4 Where can I get information about cystic fibrosis ?
3 For which college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball?
3 Who was the first American poet to win the Nobel Prize for literature , in 1948 ?
4 McCarren Airport is located in what city ?
3 What U.S. vice-president killed Alexander Hamilton in a duel ?
1 What's wrong with a noble smile?
3 Who was the writer and who was the composer between Gilbert and Sullivan?
1 Name a novel written by John Steinbeck .
0 What is a Guild ?
3 Who is the mathematician who won the Nobel Prize for Literature in the 1950s?
0 What characteristics contribute to its `` intelligence '' ?
0 How does marijuana lead to other drugs ?
0 What is the origin of thank you notes ?
3 What's the name of the famous flyer who mistakenly flew to Ireland instead of Los Angeles?
1 What film dramatized the Scopes monkey trial ?
3 Who wrote Much Ado About Nothing?
0 How did Jayne Mansfield die?
4 Where is the location of the Orange Bowl ?
3 What wrestling star became the Incredible Hulk?
5 How much will the California be in the year 2000 ?
1 What does Leon Uri's novel have to do with the Russian conquest of Berlin?
3 Who portrayed Etta Place , companion to Butch Cassidey and the Sundance Kid ?
1 What do goldfish lose if kept in dimly-lit or running water ?
1 What are the two largest birds on earth ?
5 How old is Benny Carter ?
3 What baseball star turned down a $1 , 000-a-year contract because he felt he had n't earned it ?
5 When did Nixon die ?
1 Which animal was the heat -seeking missile after which the Sidewinder was named?
3 Which Mexican leader was shot in 19203?
0 What does Tiffany think?
0 How is Answer.com different from KnowPost.com?
0 What effect does LSD have on the brain ?
0 What is Porphyria?
4 Where do you find information about the Queensland National Competition Policy
0 What is the proud claim to fame of the young women who formed Kappa Alpha Theta?
5 When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?
3 Who was the lyricist and who was the composer between Gilbert and Sullivan ?
3 What Catch -22 character is elected mayor of half a dozen Italian cities?
0 How can you become an FBI agent ?
4 What is the second highest mountain peak in the world ?
5 How many three -letter permutations can you get from the four letters: c?
1 What product is for kids , and not for silly rabbits ?
0 Where did the energy for the Big Bang come from ?
3 What Honeymooners actress did Television magazine name as 1953 's most promising star ?
3 Who was the Russian ambassador to Hungary during the 1956 uprising?
0 How can you tell when figs are ripe?
3 Who is Stephen Hawking ?
5 How big is the reproduction of the Matterhorn in Disneyland?
3 What future president became the majority meal of the Senate under Harry Truman?
5 In what year did Ireland elect its first Madam President?
0 How can I find out my biorhythm ?
5 What chapter of Gone with the Wind has Rhett Butler leaving Scarlett O 'Hara ?
2 What is the acronym for the air conditioning efficiency rating system?
3 Who is the King of Swing?
1 What is the longest word in the English language ?
3 What group asked the musical question Do You Believe in Magic ?
1 What did British companies stick 175 , 0 tons of tea into in 1982 ?
1 What is Nebraska 's most valuable resource ?
1 What does a chef coddle eggs in ?
4 Where have the most dinosaur remains been found ?
3 Name a dog cartoon character except Huckleberry Hound to have a voice of Daws Butler.
2 What does IQ stand for ?
1 What Mary Tyler Moore Show regular came into the world as Tadeus Wladyslaw Konopka ?
1 Name the five words that use all the letters in the alphabet, except Q, without repetitions.
1 What J.R.R. Tolkien's book describes Gimli as a central figure?
3 Who were the five Marx brothers?
1 What is a fear of worms ?
0 What did Cool Hand Luke go to jail for?
1 What commodity 's shortage was the largest single factor in keeping North American cars off the roads during World War II ?
1 How do you say 2 in Latin ?
4 What are the five richest countries in the world ?
3 Who led the Normans to victory in the Battle of Hastings ?
1 What soap was touted as being `` for people who like people '' ?
3 Who wrote, "Poems are made by fools like me, but only God can make a tree"?
0 What is recruitment interview technology?
2 What is the abbreviated term used for the National Bureau of Investigation ?
1 Which two ships led the first sea battle between iron ships?
4 Where is the actress Marion Davies buried?
3 What actor was the first man to appear on the cover of McCall 's ?
1 What color are the flowers of a cherry tree?
3 What are the names of Jack 's original roommates on Three 's Company ?
5 How long does a fly live ?
3 Who portrayed Fatman in the television show , `` Jake and the Fatman '' ?
4 What are the Nordic nations?
3 What team was made of baseball's St. Louis Browns?
1 What is the dot on an the letter i called ?
5 What chapter of the Bible has the most verses ?
0 What is the historical relationship of Catholic Church and bingo ?
5 How old is Benny Carter?
3 Who 's The King of Swing ?
0 What steps can be taken to prevent diabetes ?
3 Who is the director and editor of the movie Big starring Tom Hanks ?
5 How much will California be in the 21st year?
4 What country is the worlds leading supplier of cannabis ?
1 What was cash-conscious Colonel Edwin L. Drake the first to drill ?
4 Where's Bocci from?
4 What is the website for the US magazine?
3 Who won the rugby world cup in ?
5 How many people are bigger than seven meters?
5 How many months does the moon take to turn around the Earth?
2 In a computer , what does SCSI mean ?
5 How many stones did the Columbia Space Shuttle lose on the second flight?
0 What is a turnkey contract?
3 Who created the comic "Garfield"?
0 How do wasps make nests?
3 What Green Bay Packers coach philosophized : `` There 's nothing that stokes the fire like hate '' ?
1 What vowel do all Esperanto nouns end in ?
5 How many furlongs are there in a mile and a quarter?
3 Who produces Spumante?
1 What are you trapped in when a habib explodes?
1 What meter was invented by C.C. Magee in 1935 ?
1 What's the name of the Tampa paper?
1 What was a California prayer book to an Old West gambler ?
5 What do Englishmen weigh themselves in ?
5 How much of the Earth's surface is permanently frozen?
5 How many miles of corridors are in The Pentagon ?
2 What does NN O mean when used as a prefix in Irish surnames?
1 What did the Congress of Vienna establish ?
0 What do I have to do to keep my dog in Dominica for a year?
5 When did the supercontinent end Pangaea?
4 Where is the Abominable Snowman said to wander ?
1 What film did Shirley MacLaine show as a prostitute and Jack Lemmon as a pimp?
5 How many rows of sprocket holes does a roll of 35-millimeter film have ?
5 What percentage of all world tornadoes will land in the US?
3 What famous film and TV cowboy lent his name to a fast food chain ?
3 Who was Scrooge 's dead partner in Dickens 's A Christmas Carol ?
0 What is spaceball played on ?
3 What is her profession ?
4 Where is Procter Gamble based in the United States?
4 What is the oldest website on the Internet?
5 How many three-letter permutations can be made from the four letters : c ?
3 Who is the most sexy celebrity ?
1 What did the brontosaurus eat?
5 When do Gothic art and architecture thrive?
5 How many grooves are on a dime ?
3 Who developed the first polio vaccine ?
1 In what movie is the number nine found in the title?
5 How deep is a thread?
5 What's the maximum length, in customs, of a First Baseman's glove?
0 What does an Echidna look like?
4 Where is Erykah Badu originally from ?
0 What's the secret to the Bermuda Triangle?
3 What was the name of the Muppets creator?
3 What company produces Spumante ?
1 Which two vegetables are combined in succotash?
1 What ice creams contain seaweed ?
3 What's the name of the cop who tried to keep order in Top Cat's neighborhood?
0 What was the Chivington Massacre?
1 What are the seven principles of learning from the Institute of Research for Learning, IRL?
5 What is average salary of restaurant manager in United States ?
0 What is ideal! Nope.
4 Which constellation is known as "The Water Bearer"?
1 What meter did Shakespeare use in writing : `` To be , or not to be , that is the question.. . '' ?
5 When is Boxing Day ?
5 How often are brain cells replaced ?
0 Why were people recruited for the Vietnam War?
3 Who is section manager for control and control systems at JPL?
1 What comic sometimes shows a mailman named Beasley?
3 What was the name of the 187s Irish terrorist group in Pennsylvania mining areas ?
5 What was the price of Varian Associates ' vacuum products division ?
3 What boxer 's life story is titled Raging Bull ?
4 Which capital was founded when Pesth and Buda merged?
3 What are the top ten all-time money making NFL teams ?
0 What is probability theory ?
0 What caused the death of Bob Marley ?
5 What is the amount of money owed for illegally having a dog on a beach ?
0 What 's an auberge in France ?
1 What John Steinbeck novel portrays the Joad family , driven from the Oklahoma dustbowl ?
1 What was the name of Roy Rogers 's dog ?
4 What country did the Nile River originate in ?
4 Which city did Christian Crusaders fight to recapture from the Muslims ?
0 What makes hamburgers taste like steakburgers ?
4 What planet has Percival Lovell discovered?
0 What is the hair style called that new military recruits receive ?
0 What 's a water funnel ?
3 Which Spanish artist painted crucifixion?
0 How is thalassaemia defined?
3 What was the name of the daughter of the Virginia chief Powhatan that married John Rolfe ?
1 What famous events have happened on March 27 ?
5 What's the busiest flight season?
1 What Jewish holiday saw the beginning of the 1973 Middle East War?
1 What should the oven be set at for baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
5 At what age did Rossini stop writing opera ?
3 Which writer is known to place himself physically at the centre of his subject?
3 Whose biography by Maurice Zolotow is titled Shooting Star ?
0 Why are organ transplants more successful today ?
3 Who were the Picts ?
1 What was the name of the 1899 policy imposed on China whereby all nations had equal trade rights?
0 What is the Immaculate Conception?
3 Who is the twin brother of the Greek goddess Artemis?
0 What is the staff of life mentioned in the Lord's prayer?
3 What rock group raised a ruckus at the White House by singing American Woman ?
5 What is the population of Mexico?
0 Where did the U.S. Army Sergeant's stripes come from?
0 What's Doegs?
0 How can scientists predict weather by observing clouds ?
1 What is the fear of the computer called?
0 In the song `` Yankee Doodle , '' why did Yankee Doodle stick a feather in his cap and call it macaroni ?
0 What is Head Start ?
1 What's the name of David Letterman's dog?
1 What has the Chinese emperor presented to the English soldier Gordon in recognition of his service in fighting insurgency?
1 What is a fear above all?
3 Who is the worst president of the United States?
3 What political party is Sinn Fein a part of ?
1 What's a fear of women?
3 What are the characters' names in the Scooby -Doo Cartoon?
3 Who were the dirtiest people alive?
0 Why is Microsoft's Windows 3 software so successful?
3 What king boycotted Prince Charles 's wedding ?
0 What is the origin of the name ` Scarlett ' ?
5 How many points make up a perfect fivepin bowling score ?
0 What is fibre in food?
4 What is the capital of Burkina Faso ?
3 Who is the President of Pergament ?
3 Who is Westview High 's band director in Funky Winkerbean ?
5 How many pages does a heptagon have?
1 What craft requires you to combine your warp and firearm?
3 Who is Stein Eriksen ?
0 What was the glory of King Camp Gillette?
0 What rights do I have in a car show in California?
3 What one of the Backstreet Boys are single ?
1 Jude Law acted in which film ?
5 How old is Britney Spears?
0 What is capitalism according to Max Weber ?
0 What was the NATO people's excuse for attacking the Chinese embassy?
5 When did Nixon visit China?
3 Which company was the original sponsor of TV's Superman?
5 How many out of ten members of the Rodeo Cowboys Association have never run a ranch?
5 When was the Big Thompson flood ?
1 What 12 -hour cold medicine does the formula ```` 6, 6, 12''use in their advertisements?
0 How does an abacus work?
5 How's the temperature today?
4 What 's the longest river in the world ?
1 What 1976 Deep Throat clone provides the leading lady with a second larynx ?
0 What is the purpose of nature for Tornados?
0 What is Colin Powell best known for?
4 Where can I find Rider College?
5 What year was the Avery Dennison company founded ?
4 Where are the good science pages on the Internet?
0 Why did Europeans first come to Australia and Oceania?
3 Who was the first woman in space?
4 Where's Natchitoches, Louisiana?
4 What body of water does the Yukon River empty into ?
3 Who's Uncle Duke's girlfriend living with, honey?
1 How do you say 2 in Latin ?
5 How many points is a bullseye worth in darts ?
1 What was the first Lifesaver flavor ?
4 Where is the highest point in Japan ?
5 How much salt is in the oceans?
1 Which sex is twice as likely to contract leprosy ?
0 What's the difference between jazz and blues?
3 Who 's won the most Oscars for costume design ?
3 What National League baseball team employed 72 third baseemen in its first 2 seasons ?
1 What is the formula for calculating pi?
0 What's the difference between Terry Tuch and French Terry?
0 How does an ion drive work ?
3 Who else was considered for the role of Luke Skywalker when George Lucas was casting for Star Wars ?
3 What's the name of the company that produces the American Girl Doll Collection?
5 How many Marx Brothers were there?
1 What was the name of the television show , starring Karl Madsen , that had San Francisco in the title ?
5 When's the Jimmy Buffett concert coming to the E -Center in Camden NJ?
1 What is California's State Bird?
0 What is `` dew point '' ?
0 How does salt melt ice and snow ?
4 Where's Los Vegas?
4 What Colorado city owns its own glacier ?
3 Which U.S. government agency registers brands?
4 What state is Niagara Falls in?
4 What's the name of the planet the Ewoks live on?
3 What celebrity couple, during a divorce, split their toilet paper into two equal stacks?
4 In Sinclair Lewis ' `` Main Street , '' what was the name of the typical American town ?
1 What ice cream contains seaweed?
5 How many engines does a Boeing 737 have?
4 What was the former residence of Scottish kings in Edinburgh ?
0 What 's the meaning of the name Tatiana ?
3 What American won the world Grand Prix driving championship in 1978 ?
5 When did Mount St. Helen last have a major eruption ?
1 What is the Taj Majal made of ?
1 Italy is the largest producer of what ?
3 Which baseball player was Charley Hustle?
5 What was the minimum wage in 1991?
1 What do sea cows eat?
4 Where does dew come from ?
1 What was the name of the U.S. Navy Gunboat in The Sand Pebbles?
0 What is the main reason why electric vehicles cannot be popular nowadays?
1 What ship did Lloyd M. Bucher command ?
0 What does Venus Retrograde mean?
0 What did John F. Kennedy consider his greatest blunder in office ?
3 Who is the most notorious villain in the 165 Gunpowder Plot?
5 What month of the year is there no television in Iceland ?
3 Who was the last U.S. president to resume the Selective Service Registration?
0 What is a neurosurgeon ?
5 How much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?
0 What causes asthma ?
5 How many films did Ingmar Bergman make ?
0 How is Cologne made?
3 Who invented the stethoscope ?
1 What is Nero Wolfe's favorite drink during office hours?
0 How do I tie a tie ?
4 What condition is John F. Kennedy buried in?
5 How many small businesses are there in the United States ?
1 What is the name of the 19th century, when British troops were killed over three unarmed Indian demonstrators?
4 What's the name of Kentucky City, the Horse Center of America?
1 What sex is twice as likely to get leprosy?
5 How fast does a spaceship have to travel to escape Earth's gravity?
3 What kind of company is 7 -Eleven?
2 What is the full name of the PLO ?
5 How many muscles does the average adult use when going for a walk ?
3 Who wrote "The Night of the Iguana"?
3 Which Pope opened Vatican International Radio?
5 How many disks does each player have in a four-handed game of Crokinole ?
3 Which company started making cakes and ended up throwing plastic toys?
0 What was the claim to fame of Explorer I , launched February 1 , 1958 ?
3 Who makes chicken finger -licking good?
5 In what year was actress Joan Collins born ?
1 What is a fear of sin?
4 Which country was Mikhail Gorbachev the leader?
3 What's the name of the President of Garmat U.S.A.?
3 Which of these are authors ?
3 What was the name of Randy Craft's lawyer?
3 What English doctor was born in January 18, 1779 and created two important inventions?
1 What 's the Hungarian word for pepper ?
5 When did CNN go on the air ?
1 Which wheel did Blaise Pascal invent in search of Perpetual Motion?
3 Who was President Cleveland 's wife ?
3 Who wrote the collector?
1 What is the former name of Zimbabwe?
0 What happens to the female body with lack of sleep and food?
1 What is the quickest and easiest way to get nail polish out of clothes ?
4 Kentucky Horse Park is near what American city?
3 Who wrote "The Godfather"?
1 Which drug is commonly used to treat AIDS ?
4 Where can I find a band or a book to help me speak, write and understand Japanese?
0 What is limbo ?
1 What color of dry wine should be served with veal roasts and chops ?
3 Name a female ice skater.
4 Which U.S. city is the queen of the Pacific?
0 What is Osmose?
4 What U.S. state has the most blondes ?
0 What does caliente mean , in English ?
5 How many types of lemurs are there ?
4 What is the country of origin for the name Thomas ?
5 How many people live in the Falklands?
3 What president also became a supreme court justice ?
5 How many wings does a flea have ?
1 What CBS soap opera was interrupted by the bulletin of John F. Kennedy 's assassination ?
0 What is a "repeat voter"?
0 What is a Stratocaster?
1 What 's the singular of dice ?
3 What was called the world 's largest department store ?
3 What actress 's autobiography is titled Shelley : Also Known as Shirley ?
3 Who gave Abbie Hoffman his first dose of LSD ?
1 A corgi is a kind of what ?
3 Which president was buried in his native house overlooking the Hudson River in Hyde Park, New York?
5 How many states did Richard Nixon have in 1972?
5 How many Grammys did Michael Jackson win in 1983 ?
5 How many presidents died on the Fourth of July?
3 Who answers ``I know''about Princess Leia's confession ``I love you'' in The Empire Strikes Back?
5 How much energy is released when oxygen and hydrogen are mixed?
5 How much do drugs to treat tuberculosis cost ?
0 What does the only repealed amendment to the U S Constitution have to do with this?
5 When was China's first nuclear test?
1 What harmful chemicals are in bug spray ?
4 What European country 's monarchy was restored in 1975 ?
0 How can you ask a stranger out on a date?
3 What English physician was born on January 18 , 1779 and went on to create two important inventions ?
3 What was the name of the player who played at the Eagles in Super Bowl XV?
1 What card game can the dealer choose to play?
4 What country in 1998 had the most suicides regardless of population size ?
0 What is Hexenhael?
4 What is the most important nation in the world, historically?
1 What does an ashen-faced eidologist search out the existence of ?
3 What's Steve Rogers' job if he's not Captain America?
3 Who is Terrence Malick ?
1 What did Vasco da Gama discover?
5 When did Gothic art and architecture flourish ?
1 What was Hitler's favorite movie?
0 What does the word `` meta '' mean ?
4 Where do the Blackhawks keep their operations?
5 What year did the War of 1812 begin ?
5 What debts did Qintex group leave ?
0 Define Spumante.
4 In what part of Africa is Mozambique located ?
2 What is Mikhail Gorbachev 's middle initial ?
5 What is the recomended age to switch a child from a crib to a bed ?
1 What kind of wine is Spumante?
3 Who is Ishmael in Moby Dick ?
1 In what four forms does gold appear?
5 How many pins are used in Skittles?
3 What 's the name of the actress who starred in the movie , `` Silence of the Lambs '' ?
0 How do you get a broken cork out of a bottle?
0 What do insects do through their spiracles ?
4 Where did the real St. Nicholas live ?
4 What is the largest U.S. state east of the Mississippi ?
0 What is the story of Hot Wheels cars and how are they produced?
1 What materials did the three little pigs use to build their houses ?
1 Which drink consists of rum, coconut milk and pineapple?
2 What's a shortcut for, like in five p.m.?
5 What percentage of American men are alcoholic ?
1 What is the biggest `` thing '' humans have made ?
5 What month , date , and year did Charles I die ?
3 What president sent a cruiser to bring Charles Lindbergh home after his epic flight?
4 What country boasts Cawdor Castle , Glamis Castle , and Blair Castle ?
0 How did the United States acquire an empire after the Spanish -American war?
0 What is God ?
1 What whisky is `` known by the company it keeps '' ?
1 What is a real berry: blackberry, cranberry, raspberry, strawberry?
1 What's the name of Kevin Costner's movie about Sioux Indians?
3 What was the first U S team in the NHL?
5 When was General Manuel Noriega ousted as the leader of Panama and turned over to U.S. authorities ?
3 Who was the first black woman in the Folies Bergeres?
3 Name the scar-faced bounty hunter of The Old West .
4 Where do I get information about cystic fibrosis?
3 What kind of housewife and mother of three wrote the Female Mystique?
3 Who played the title role in My Favorite Martian ?
3 Who killed Gandhi?
5 How old is Britney Spears ?
1 What were the five opening words on Ben Casey ?
1 What did 8 , CD NNS VBP TO VB NNP POS NN .
5 What's the average weight for a man?
0 What are vermicilli , rigati , zitoni , and tubetti ?
1 What types of water pollution are there?
4 Where did Hillary Clinton graduate from college?
0 What is the Milky Way ?
1 What substance did Joseph Priestley name for his ability to erase pencil marks?
0 What is a pyrotechnic display?
3 What inventors invented Post -its?
1 In what medium is Stuart Hamblen considered to be the first singing cowboy ?
1 What's a fear of fishing?
0 What are the environmental influences on plant genetics ?
5 How old was George Washington when he died ?
3 Who's Mia Farrow with her mother?
5 What is the frequency of VHF ?
0 Why can 't ostriches fly ?
5 How many logarithmic scales are there on a slide rule ?
3 Who played the father on "Charles in charge"?
5 How far can a man travel in outer space ?
1 What type of hunting are retrievers used for ?
4 What is the nickname for the state of Mississippi ?
0 How did water appear on the earth ?
0 What is meant by `` capital market '' ?
1 What do bicornate animals have two of ?
3 Who is the fastest swimmer in the world ?
5 How many rings are there on a five -zone archery target?
0 What are the rules to `` snow golf '' ?
0 What's a borg pit?
4 On what continent is Mozambique?
1 What 's the most popular contact lens color ?
1 What's a fear of parasites?
3 Who leads the star ship Enterprise in Star Trek ?
3 What little boy and dog lives in a shoe?
5 How far is it from London to Plymouth, England?
0 What is Win Rah ?
3 Who is the youngest of the Beatles ?
0 What is the origin of the word `` mushroom '' ?
4 Where is Procter & Gamble based in the U.S. ?
4 Where are there aborigines ?
3 Name the lawyer for Randy Craft .
1 What kind of mammal is a foal?
3 What are the first names of Rowan and Martin, the stars of TV's Laugh -In?
4 Which city in Canada is the least populated?
5 How many lawyers are there in the state of New Jersey ?
4 What is the world 's highest peak ?
5 How many points is a disc in the middle hole worth in Crokinole?
0 What is Eagle's Syndrome styloid process?
5 How many questions are there?
0 What is a hydrogen bond ?
1 What novel has Big Brother watching ?
1 What is the rarest coin?
1 What are the components of polyester ?
0 Why shouldn 't you remove a bee stinger with tweezers ?
0 What are the Valdez Principles ?
0 What is Ethylene?
3 Who was with Patricia Hearst when she was kidnapped?
3 Which company manufactured rotary motors?
0 What are Cobol, Fortran and Pascal?
1 Name the vessel used by the Atari Force in the DC comics .
3 What are the three most successful companies of our time?
0 What is platinum ?
3 The name of the scholar whose literal translations depended on the Chinese and Japanese Ezra Pound?
1 What baseball outcome required nine balls in 1879 , eight balls in 1880 and seven balls in 1881 ?
3 Name the organization that is presided by a Security Council .
1 Which airplane did Fawaz Younis hijack ?
1 What happened in January 26, 1978?
4 Where can I obtain information on the importer of cotton textiles?
0 Why were American soldiers called "Doughboys" during World War I?
3 Who invented Astroturf ?
0 What is a person 's socioeconomic position ?
3 What manufacturers are there in Texas?
1 What kind of animal is Babar ?
2 CNN is the abbreviation for what ?
4 In which state are the Mark Twain National Forests ?
3 Who was the only U.S. president wearing a Nazi uniform?
0 Why not remove a bee sting with tweezers?
5 How many URL extensions are there ? and what are they ?
3 Who was the famous door-to-door brush salesman ?
0 Why do Hufeisen bring happiness?
5 How much do drugs cost to treat tuberculosis?
5 How far can a human eye see ?
0 How does marijuana lead to other drugs?
0 What is meant by blood SED rate ?
5 What is the approximate population of Las Vegas, N.M.?
3 Which TV comedian worked with White Fang, Black Tooth and Pookie the Lion?
5 When did communist control end in Hungary ?
1 What is the best selling computer model ever ?
4 What U.S. state has an element named for it ?
5 How many pitchers occupy the shelf next to the kneeling woman in Edgar Degas 1886 paintings The Tub?
1 What is the longest-running television series ?
5 How many American soldiers are there in South Korea?
0 What do you do in Cozumel, Mexico for young people?
0 What does the name Jenna mean ?
3 Which two inventors invented Post-its ?
0 What effect does friction have on the Perpetual Motion?
0 What type of childhood did Jules Verne have ?
3 Who was the founding member of the Pink Floyd band ?
3 What is the most famous identity of John Merrick, the noble ogre of Victorian England?
3 Who 's baby was Sweet Pea on the Popeye cartoon ?
3 Who directed The Wild Bunch ?
2 What does EKG stand for ?
0 How do I know how much money I can save for retirement?
3 Which king signed the Magna Carta ?
0 What are the current immigration laws in US ?
0 How can I get my product licensed from the NBA?
2 What does NASA stand for ?
3 What was Darth Vader's son's name?
4 Where do people mountain climb in Nepal ?
0 How does Cos Cob, CT get his name?
3 Who's Olive Oyl's brother?
1 What is a fear of pregnancy ?
4 Where are some great educational resources for parents and teachers ?
1 What is a fear of jealousy ?
1 Name a flying mammal .
4 What is New England 's highest mountain ?
3 Which organization is the Security Council a part of ?
3 Who discovered electricity ?
1 What are the names of the historical trials after the Second World War?
5 What are the dimensions of an ice hockey goal ?
0 How do I tie a tie?
0 How can I call a friend in another country when I do not know the telephone number ?
3 Who wrote The Look of Love after seeing Ursula Andress?
5 How many member states are in the UN ?
3 What British general has surrendered to the colonial army in Saratoga?
5 What percentage of Americans own their homes ?
1 What film had Bette Davis creating a scandal by wearing a daring red gown to a society ball ?
5 What number of American soldiers are not yet covered by the Vietnam War?
4 What is Bill Gates of Microsoft E-mail address ?
5 When did Mount St. Helens last erupt ?
1 What Ernest Hemingway novel had the working title Fiesta ?
0 How do I know if I 'm jealous of someone ?
3 Saddam Hussein was compared to whom by President Bush?
4 Are you referring to a country developing a magnetic railway system?
0 What is Shalom?
5 How much is the gas taxed in California until the 2000's?
5 How far can a man travel in space?
5 When did the Chernobyl nuclear accident occur?
5 How many Leos have been Pope ?
5 How many leos were popes?
3 Who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
4 Where is Amsterdam ?
5 When was the Brandenburg Gate built in Berlin?
0 What do you need to do to marry someone in jail ?
0 Why can 't you taste anything when you have a cold ?
1 What's a fear of glass?
0 What does palindromic mean ?
3 Who played the title role in I Was a Teenage Werewolf ?
1 Which English word has the most letters?
3 Who said, "The winner will never be asked if he was telling the truth?"
3 Which of the following rock 'n roll stars has a `` star '' on Hollywood Boulevard ?
1 What letter adorns the flag of Rwanda ?
4 What channel does the Thatcher Ferry Bridge have?
1 What is the most cultivated and eaten food?
5 How many members of a family could be drafted in the U.S. military during World War II ?
5 How much did Lucy Van Pelt originally charge for psychiatric sessions ?
0 How did the Hohenzollerns build their power around 17 ?
1 What 's the most popular form of bridge ?
0 What does "Rupee Depreciates" mean?
5 What is Martin Luther King Jr. really birthday?
4 What river is Rome built on?
1 What chocolate bar created by Frank Mars and his wife is often called a Milky Way with peanuts ?
3 What was the cook's name on Rawhide?
5 How tall is Prince Charles ?
0 Why is Microsoft 's Windows 3 software so successful ?
0 What is the AIM-54C Phoenix ?
0 What is Spumante ?
0 What does the name "Sheri" mean?
3 Who portrayed Carl Bernstein in All the President's Men?
1 What class is classified as a bourgeoisie?
5 What is the average cost for four years of medical school ?
3 Who has more DNA? A man or a woman?
5 When did humans first begin to write history seriously ?
3 Who led the opposition when Konrad Adenauer was Chancellor in Germany ?
0 What's the Scout motto?
5 How many miles is it from London , England to Plymouth , England ?
2 What is a `` USB '' port on a computer ?
0 What does Gringo mean?
3 Which record company was founded by Herb Alpert and Jerry Moss?
0 What is the proposal 98 about?
1 What is widely used to detect prenatal birth defects?
3 What was the name of Randy Steven Craft 's lawyer ?
5 What is the average life expectancy of a man in Ireland in 1996?
1 What TV quiz show left the air in 1975 to the tune of Vera Lynn 's We 'll Meet Again ?
0 What are the words for the Canadian national anthem?
3 Who is the leader of India?
1 What's the high sound you hear in your ear now and then, but then it disappears after a while?
5 How loud is thunder?
4 What United States city produces the most oil ?
0 What is "bloodhound"?
5 How far is the Atlantic?
5 How many colors are there in a rainbow?
1 What is Beethoven 's 9th symphony called ?
5 How many hummingbird eggs could fit in one ostrich egg ?
4 Where is the Bulls basketball team based ?
5 How many bones are in the human hand?
5 How many times a day does the typical person go to the bathroom?
1 What product 's ads claim that it `` eliminates odors , kills household germs , mold , and mildew '' ?
3 What Democratic joke ball dragged the train out of the station while Richard Nixon was talking about Caboose?
0 Where did the term fireplug come from ?
4 What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?
5 What year did the Vietnam War end ?
3 Which Louisiana senator won a seat held by his father and mother?
0 What does the laser stand for?
4 Where are the Haversian canals?
4 Which city is blessed by the Titus arc?
4 What U.S. city is known as The Rubber Capital of the World ?
1 What is celebrated in February 21 -27?
3 Who is Edmund Kemper?
5 How deep is a thread?
5 How many syllables are there in a line of hendecasyllabic poetry ?
4 Where can I find the history of the Hungarian language ?
1 What is the most deadly infectious disease?
4 What gate opened on East and West Berlin ?
2 What does VCR stand for ?
4 Which country saw the origin of the Asian flu?
1 What sports event is Meyer Wolfsheim supposed to have fixed in The Great Gatsby ?
0 What does the name `` Anthony '' mean ?
4 What constellation represents a hunter with club and shield ?
5 How many double-word-score spaces are there on a Scrabble Crossword Game board ?
3 Name the Ranger who was always after Yogi Bear .
3 Who was the chairman of the International Olympic Committee at the 1936 Summer Games?
4 Where is the information about the novel "El Cid"?
4 Where can I find a list of all the companies in America that offer a direct stock purchase plan ?
3 Which writer journalist described his brand with colorful Broadway and subterranean characters?
4 What were the cities of Dickens 's A Tale of Two Cities ?
5 How long does Camptown Racetrack last?
3 Who played for the Chicago Bears, Houston Oilers and Oakland Raiders in a 26 -year professional football career?
1 What is the largest sculpture in the world ?
0 What did FCC chairman Newton Minow declare TV to be on May 9 , 1961 ?
0 What did Mighty Mouse always sing when he went into action?
3 Who should I call to get a tour of the New York Stock Exchange ?
1 What was Simple Simon doing in his mother's bucket?
3 What piano company claims that its product is the instrument of the immortals?
4 What is the farthest planet from the sun?
1 What is the most commonly used 1 letter word in the English language ?
0 What information can you give me about Fairground Park in St. Louis?
0 What is the historical relationship between the Catholic Church and Bingo?
5 When's Richard Nixon's birthday?
3 Which president lived on 219 North Delaware Street, Independence, Missouri?
3 Who sings the themes for `` Dawson 's Creek '' and `` Felicity '' ?
3 Which U.S. President had a brother -in -law in the Confederate Army?
1 What are the 28 -times in English?
3 Who wrote the bestselling Missionary Travels and Researches in South Africa , published in 1857 ?
5 How many small businesses are there in the United States?
3 What famous men and women team has made radio ads for Blue Nun wine?
1 What letter appears on the cold water faucet in Spain?
4 What city would you be in if you were feeding the pigeons in the Piazza San Marco ?
4 What country claimed Rubens , Van Dyck and Bruegel as citizens ?
5 How many hearts does an octopus have ?
0 How to become a dentist?
0 Why can't ostriches fly?
3 Who played the father on `` Charles in Charge '' ?
3 Whose hearse went from Washington D.C. to Springfield, Illinois?
5 When was the Triangle Shirtwaist fire?
4 Where's Natick?
0 How does a hurricane form ?
4 Where's Glasgow?
5 What is the average time it takes for a male to ejaculate ?
5 How long does it take to travel from Tokyo to Niigata ?
5 How much is the president paid?
3 What famous soldier was born in Europe, died in Asia and was buried in Africa?
0 How do I check if my modem is v.9 compatible ?
4 What U.S. state has sagebrush as its state flower ?
3 Which comedian was banned from the Ed Sullivan Show because he allegedly made an obscene gesture at the host of the show?
4 Which U.S. state has an element named after it?
3 Who was Ben Casey's boss?
1 What holidays or observances are celebrated in Italy ?
1 What kind of crystals exist ?
0 What was the claim to fame of King Camp Gillette ?
4 Where is the Virtual Desk reference?
3 Which of the following men wasn't married to Rita Hayworth?
1 What does a chairbound basophobic fear ?
0 What is the history of skateboarding ?
0 Why did several San Diego schools remove apples from the students' menus?
1 Which newspaper will help you see more clearly in the USA?
0 How can you remove rust stains from your clothes?
4 What North American city would you visit to see Cleopatra's Needle?
4 Where was George Washington born?
0 What do a diamond and lump of coal have in common ?
5 When did Amtrak begin operations ?
4 Where's Ocho Rios?
0 How was the Kennedy money made?
1 What color is most often used to symbolize truth ?
0 What is the classic definition of tragic hero ?
1 What Caribbean cult has Marcus Garvey founded?
4 Which country has the most dams?
3 What was the name of the daughter of Virginia Chief Powhatan, who married John Rolfe?
5 What season is the setting for Shakespeare's Midsummer Night's Dream?
0 Why do people on the upper peninsula say Michagin ``eh''? Nope.
5 How many airline schools are there in the U.S. ?
1 What TV series saw many of its aquatic scenes shot at Silver Springs , Florida ?
0 What are amaretto biscuits ?
4 What is the deepest area of the Arctic Ocean?
0 What is the literal meaning of `` D-DAY '' ?
5 When was the G7 group of nations formed?
3 Which feminist wrote Sexual Politics and Flies?
0 How is the strontium cleaned?
1 What two colors are you blind if you have Protopy?
3 Who was William Henry Harrison ?
5 How many women did Brigham Young have?
0 What is the Internet2 ?
0 What is `` Nine Inch Nails '' ?
2 What does the `` blue ribbon '' stand for ?
1 What are the Cleveland Indians called?
3 Who sings Angel Eyes from the'80s?
1 What does a heliologist study?
1 What is a fear of color ?
3 Who followed Willy Brandt as Chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany?
1 What was the name of the movie that starred Sharon Stone and Arnold Schwarzenegger ?
5 How many countries are there?
1 What disease is transmitted by the Anopheles mosquito?
1 What was the continuation of The Pink Panther?
5 What year was Avery Dennison's company founded?
0 What's a storm?
4 What is the name of the country which Hitler ruled ?
0 What is endometriosis ?
4 In what state was the first co-educational college established
4 Which artificial waterways are 1.76 miles long?
4 Where was Lincoln murdered?
3 Name the various costumed personas of Dr. Henry Pym .
0 What is the function of RAM ?
2 What does IBM stand for?
4 Where does the world come from?
3 Who created the comic strip , `` Garfield '' ?
3 Who made the first surfboard ?
3 What's the name of Tom Sawyer's aunt he lives with?
5 How many years of bad luck follow a broken mirror?
3 What researcher was Iberia's pilot?
1 What is the greatest source of white magic in the Marvel universe?
1 What drug did Sigmund Freud become fascinated with while experimenting with the treatment of neurasthenia ?
4 What Russian city boasts the Hermitage Museum ?
4 What capital is built around Monument Circle which contains soldiers and sailors monument ?
4 What city does Orly Airport serve?
0 What are amicable numbers ?
5 How many equal angles are there in an isosceles triangle ?
3 What is the most common surname in America?
0 How close a cousin was Franklin D. to Theodore Roosevelt ?
4 What two countries share the Khyber Pass ?
0 What does Freddy Freeman say to become Captain Marvel Jr. ?
3 Which radio stations are the Jim Bohannon Radio Talk Show?
0 How to make the color purple?
4 Which building is adequately represented on the back of the 1 -dollar bill?
3 What are the four railways in Monopoly ?
4 What room did W.C. Fields keep his library in ?
3 Who won the 1967 Academy Award for Best Actor ?
1 What future film was presented to the American colonists in 1603 by the indigenous peoples?
0 What is a Devo hat ?
2 What is RAM in the computer ?
3 Who was the 16th President of the United States?
3 When not adventuring on Rann , what does Adam Strange call his profession ?
5 How many people die of tuberculosis every year?
3 What famous model was married to Billy Joel?
0 What does an echidna look like ?
1 What household products are there for adult acne ?
0 What is a bone marrow transplant ?
1 Which English word contains the most letters?
0 What are the firefighters of a baseball team?
1 In Hemingway 's `` Old Man and the Sea , '' what kind of fish does the old man catch ?
1 A Corgi is kind of what?
3 What former major-league left-handed baseball pitcher was known as `` Space Man '' ?
0 How do I know my relatives were at the Trail of Tears?
0 How can I find my moon sign?
3 Who invented the traffic cone?
1 What were the trials that followed World War II called?
5 What is the American dollar equivalent for eight pounds in the UK?
5 What year did the first issue of "Playboy" come out?
4 What country 's capital is Tirana ?
3 Who manufactures the software , `` PhotoShop '' ?
5 How many colonies were involved in the American Revolution?
5 How many countries are there ?
0 What does Choo Choo Charlie say ?
4 Which city has the oldest relationship as a sistercity with Los Angeles ?
4 Where is the Thomas Edison Museum?
3 Who was the first Russian astronaut in space?
0 What is Smartnet ?
1 What 's another name for aspartame ?
5 How many types of dogs ' tails are there - three
4 What is the brightest star visible from Earth ?
5 How much does Clara Peller pay Wendy's to say, "Where's the beef?"
5 When did CNN go on the show?
3 Who invented the game of bowling?
5 When was child labor abolished ?
3 Who is the lead singer of Led Zeppelin Band?
0 How does the tail affect the flight of a kite ?
1 What is the most delicate member of the onion family?
0 Where do chihuahuas come from ?
0 How does a chick breathe inside an egg ?
0 How do you identify prime numbers?
0 What caused the death of Bob Marley?
0 What does "Janelle" mean?
1 How do you say "I love you" in other languages?
0 What happened in the city of Dogtown in 1899 ?
0 What motto ended Merrie Melodies cartoons ?
0 What's the difference between love and love?
1 Name the ship used by the Atari Force in DC comics.
0 What's a wet dream?
5 How many colored squares are there on a Rubik's Cube?
3 Who is Peter Weir?
1 What is a fear of hell ?
4 What is Bill Gates from Microsoft Email Address?
3 Which TV detective played Craig Stevens?
4 Where did Luther display his `` Ninety-Five Theses '' ?
3 Who is Malaysia 's 43rd prime minister ?
1 Which Morris West novel deals with the Russian bishop who becomes Pope?
3 What TV comediennes 's characters include former movie star Nora Desmond , secretary Mrs. Wiggins and a housewife named Eunice ?
0 Why did Egyptians shave their eyebrows ?
1 What is the most frequently cultivated plant?
4 Which European country is the home of the beer -producing city of Budweis?
5 When was the first flush toilet invented ?
1 Which book did Aaron Hate write?
0 What is barnstorming ?
3 Which two commanders executed the troops in the battle of El Alameina?
0 Why do we have to go to school ?
4 Which Asian country has a bill for cows?
5 How many hectares in a mile?
5 How many dogs pull a sled in an idiot's den?
4 Where can I buy a pony on Big Island for my daughter?
2 What 's the abbreviation for trinitrotoluene ?
0 What 's the meaning of the Latin battle cry : Ad arma , ad arma .
5 When did the Chernobyl nuclear accident occur ?
1 What six words follow the line : `` From a jack to a king.. . '' ?
5 How fast is a 45Mhz processor ?
1 What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?
0 What is the difference between college and graduate school ?
0 How is "qigong" pronounced correctly?
0 How does salt melt ice and snow?
5 How many villi are found in the small intestine ?
0 What is fellatio?
1 What did Tristan come back as ?
3 Who played for the Chicago Bears , Houston Oilers and Oakland Raiders in a 26-year pro football career ?
3 Who was Darth Vader's son?
5 How long was the longest sneeze attack?
3 Who is the composer of `` Canon in D Major '' ?
1 What war saw battles at Parrot 's Beak and Black Virgin ?
4 Where can one find Mozambique ?
0 How was the Kennedy money made ?
4 Where's the Bernini Bristol Hotel?
3 What U.S. university boasts the largest library ?
1 What James Michener book is subtitled Spanish Travels and Reflections ?
5 How many words are there in the Spanish language ?
4 Which country is Lund in?
0 How can I find a list of celebrities' real names?
1 What animal poses the greatest threat to humans?
3 Who was with Patricia Hearst the night she was kidnaped ?
1 What 's the only mammal that can 't jump ?
5 Shea and Gould had an office in Los Angeles for how long before closing it ?
5 How many innings constitute an official baseball game ?
1 What ailment does Katharine Hepburn have that shakes her voice?
3 Which actor was the first man to appear on McCall's cover?
0 What is an example of a specific case of using the Fourteenth Amendment?
1 What was the name of the U.S. Navy gunboat in the film The Sand Pebbles ?
3 Who was the first Holy Roman Emperor?
0 What caused Shea & Gould to close their L.A. office ?
1 What does ribavirin consist of ?
5 How big was the animated King Kong?
3 Which author was appointed as U.S. Ambassador to Spain in 1842?
1 What kind of dinner was invented in 1916 at the George Jung noodle factory in Los Angeles?
4 What are the capitals of the two major countries occupying the Iberian Peninsula in Europe?
3 Who protects DC Comics ' realm of dreams ?
5 When did the royal wedding of Prince Andrew and Fergie take place ?
3 What card company sells Christmas jewelry?
5 How many calories are there in soy sauce?
5 When did Theo Rousseau paint the `` Forest of Fontaine '' ?
3 Which companies or agencies would carry out an employment audit?
1 Are you referring to the story of Chris Van Allsburg, where a boy tries to become a great sailor?
4 Where 's Montenegro ?
1 What determines the value of the pearl?
4 What is the highest continent ?
3 In what round did the British monarch P.T. Barnum sit with Tom Thumb?
1 What will a child eat in the middle, and store the chocolate on the outside for the last time?
0 What does the name Kelly mean?
4 What country did the ancient Romans refer to as Hibernia ?
0 How does the tail affect the flight of a dragon?
0 What does a red flag mean in auto racing ?
1 What kind of poison is called plumbism?
0 What is yohimbine ?
3 What college did Joe Namath play football for ?
0 Why is black the color of mourning in the West ?
1 What sport do you shag flies in ?
1 What tale has the moral : `` He who wants everything gets nothing '' ?
1 What is a fear of money ?
3 What U.S. Senator ever played basketball for the New York Knicks?
3 Who wrote NN DT NNP NNP'?
1 What was the sequel to The Moon's Balloon?
0 How does crosstalk relate to InSb thickness in infrared detectors ?
2 What do the letters ZIP stand for in the phrase `` ZIP code '' ?
5 How many soldiers were involved in the last Panama invasion by the United States of America?
1 Which Stephen King novel is in a pet cemetery?
1 What are the most common elements in seawater ?
4 What is the habitat of the chickadee ?
4 Where do high -quality drinks begin?
0 What is a phalanx ?
5 How many people have the United Nations committed itself to supporting the restoration of order and the distribution of humanitarian aid in Somalia in September 1992?
0 What does Choo Choo Charlie say?
0 What function does homeostasis have on the existence of an organism ?
1 What 's played at Wembley Stadium , London , every May ?
1 Stuart Hammlen is considered the first singing cowboy of what?
0 How did the tradition of best man start ?
4 In what part of the world was the Six -Day War waged?
3 Who sings the themes for Dawson's Creek and Felicity?
1 What is the Hungarian word for pepper?
3 Who are the Challengers of the Unknown?
5 What is the chromosome number of an elephant ?
4 What city does Orly Airport serve ?
5 How many words are there in Spanish?
0 Why do heavier objects travel downhill faster ?
3 What was the title of Schewardnadze during the Soviet era?
0 What is Yohimbin?
0 What makes a clitoris sensitive ?
5 How often in his 16 -year -old National Basketball Associate career was John Havlicek a member of the All -Star team?
3 What police did Mack Sennett create?
0 What is false consciousness?
5 What is the death penalty for people who die of tuberculosis?
3 What author landed a 468-pound marlin without harness in the early 193 's ?
0 Why does it say on children 's cough syrup not to drive while using this medication ?
3 Who was the first woman governor of Wyoming ?
4 Where can I find up -to -date information on surface temperature on the coast, preferably along North America and the Caribbean?
3 Who is the only prime minister of Canada to serve 22 years but not necessarily consecutively ?
3 Which companies in Alaska were affected by the oil spill Exxon Valdez?
0 How is carbon dioxide removed from natural gas ?
4 Which lake is the source of the White Nile?
0 What is main reason for that electric vehicles can 't be popular nowadays ?
0 How is digital audio used ?
0 What is the meaning of thalassaemia?
1 What was paper made of in the late 16th century ?
4 What two countries in South America are landlocked ?
4 What is the most populated city in the world ?
1 What's a fear of going to bed?
1 What's Don McLean Song complaining about when Buddy Holly died?
0 How does a parachute work ?
5 What is the per-capita income of Colombia , South America , ?
1 What kind of cooking oil has "corn goodness"?
1 What film opens with an assassin tumbling from the Seattle Space Needle ?
3 Who wrote `` The Scarlet Letter '' ?
0 Why should smoking be prohibited?
0 How can I transport files from one computer to another?
3 Who is the actress Bette Davis once said she wished she looked like ?
0 What's different about the red and black fox?
0 What does the term Glory Hole mean?
4 What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?
3 Who is the prime minister in Norway ?
3 What figure did Tex Avery create when he arrived in MGM?
5 How many American soldiers have died for their country to this day?
3 What are the names of Jacques Cousteau's two sons?
1 What is a fear of children?
5 What year did Rossetti paint "Beata Beatrix"?
0 What is a guild?
1 What was George Washington afraid of?
0 What is hydroelectricity ?
1 What was the name of the famous Texas -Mexico fight?
3 Which of the following actors worked in New York 's Yiddish Theater ?
0 How did Socrates die ?
1 What does the Statue of Liberty wear on her feet ?
3 Who wrote the song , `` Stardust '' ?
3 Who portrayed W.C. Fields in the movie W.C. Fields and Me?
0 What do I need to learn to design websites?
3 What was the name of Humphrey Bogart 's club in Casablanca ?
5 How many miles of veins are in the circulatory system ?
5 How many milliseconds in a second ?
3 What appointments secretary to Richard Nixon went to jail ?
1 What two great world religions began in India?
0 What is Titan?
4 Where is the merchant ship, Lane Victory, to turn the veterans of Merchant Marine into a floating museum?
2 What is DSL ?
4 What U.S. state is Fort Knox in ?
3 Who is the Queen Mother?
1 What was the tragedy that struck Dogtown in 1899?
1 What are common methods used to regulate monopolies ?
1 What product did Robert Conrad dare people to knock off his shoulder ?
1 What is the result of chess if a player has no legal movement?
0 What are the benefits of a rowing machine ?
1 What is a fear of parasites ?
3 Who 's played the most games for the New York Yankees ?
5 What ratio of children of ages between two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?
0 How is Answers.com financed?
5 How long does it take light to reach the Earth from the Sun ?
0 What was an `` Asiento '' ?
5 How many school districts are there in the United States?
1 What Irwin Allen Bomb said Richard Widmark will be "the first officer in history to be kicked in the ass by a bunch of bugs!" Nope.
1 What is a fear of being dirty ?
0 Why do men snore?
0 What is the difference between jazz and blues ?
1 What sport do you play?
4 Where was the sixth annual meeting of Indonesian and Malaysian forest experts?
3 Who is Samuel F. Pickering ?
3 Name the designer of the shoe that has produced millions of imitations of plastic, known as ``jelly'.
5 When was the San Francisco fire ?
0 What does idle mean ?
5 What is the average income of top 10%, top 5%, and top 1%?
4 What are the largest libraries in the US ?
4 What 's the most powerful country in the world ?
1 Which spices do the chefs pay the most for?
0 How can I get someone 's phone number if I only have their screen name ?
0 What is the definition of the term "weapons system"?
4 Where did George live in the jungle?
3 Who is the father of the computer ?
0 How is Abigail Arcane related to the villainous opponent of the Swamp Thing ?
3 What is Larry King's profession?
4 Where was the Ligurian Republic , 1797-185 , ?
5 How hot does the inside of an active volcano get ?
3 Which of the following persons is not associated with Andy Warhol?
0 What is Java?
3 Who did the Chicago Bulls beat in the 1993 championship?
0 What is paracetamol ?
3 What jockey won 17 Triple Crown races ?
1 Which tail of the animal is called brush?
0 What do you say to a friend who ignores you for other friends?
5 How long is the world's largest ship in metres?
3 Name the five positions who are in the line of succession to the presidency .
5 When did swimming become commonplace ?
0 What is diabetes?
0 What does Robert mean?
1 What color is Mr. Spock 's blood ?
5 How many Grammys did Michael Jackson win in 1983?
1 What is the highest hand in straight poker?
0 What is home banking?
3 Who was considered to be the father of psychology ?
5 How many colleges are in Wyoming ?
5 How many shillings more than 2 were there in a guinea ?
1 What sport do the Cleaveland Cavaliers play ?
4 What river does the Grand Coulee Dam dam ?
5 How many miles are there on average to the moon?
1 What is a ``Drinker respirator''better known than?
4 Where can I find the status of my tax return?
1 What "magic" does Mandrake use?
0 What are errors in the Earth's crust?
3 What's Jimmy Olsen's full name?
3 Who's the Nebbish Marvel's official mascot?
3 Who killed JFK ?
4 What city did Christian crusaders fight to reclaim from the Muslims?
5 When was Ozzy Osbourne born?
0 What is the cultural origin of the ceremony of potlatch ?
1 What would you add to the mix to make bone china?
0 What does the word "meta" mean?
1 What did people use to freshen their breath before toothpaste ?
5 How long is the Coney Island Promenade?
1 What are some good exercises to do for children?
5 How many milligrams are in one gram?
5 How big is the Chappellet vineyard?
3 What inspired Apollo 11 astronaut to run the place while Armstrong and Aldrin made history?
3 What's the singer Madonna's real name?
1 What are the ingredients of Coca -Cola?
1 What household facility contains a float ball , ballcock , and overflow tube ?
5 What's the airport code for Los Angeles International?
0 What is Zionism ?
1 What tragedy befell the city of Dogtown in 1899 ?
1 What are the main blood vessels ?
1 What changing threat has Rome come to Earth to fight?
1 What are the development stages of a swimmer?
0 Why is Chicago called Chicago?
1 What are some colorful flowers that will bloom in the fall in New England ?
5 What is the per capita income of Colombia, South America?
2 What does BMW stand for ?
0 What is Candlemas Day ?
1 What Triple Crown winner took the 1973 Belmont Stakes by 31 lengths?
1 What is an example of a natural acid-base indicator ?
3 Who won the Battle of Gettysburg ?
1 Which gender has bigger thighs ?
5 How many claws did a lobster named gun lose?
3 Name one of King Henry VIII 's wives .
5 What is the current ticket fare from from Cairo to Barbados ?
4 What direction do the best surfing beaches face ?
3 What is the best art and design school in the world ?
0 What is deconstructionism ?
5 How many types of cheese are there in France ?
1 What is dextropoxyphene napsylate?
1 What was the bridge of San Luis Rey made of?
0 What is ideal! Nope.
0 How does your hair roll?
5 When was Hurricane Hugo ?
0 What is a Cartesian Diver ?
0 What causes canker sores in the mouth ?
1 What 1942 -century spy film has director John Huston combined with Maltese Falconers Humphrey Bogart, Mary Astor and Sidney Greenstreet?
3 What was Mao , the Chinese leader 's , full name ?
3 What two US biochemists won the Nobel Prize in medicine in 1992 ?
5 How much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , Thomas Jefferson on it ?
0 How can I find someone's email address on the Internet?
3 What king was forced to agree to the Magna Carta?
1 Name four comics about pilots.
5 How much money did the former Philippine dictator Marcos steal from the treasury?
0 What caused the division between the Anglicans and the Vatican ?
1 What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease that attacks the protein shell that surrounds nerve cells and causes a gradual loss of movement in the body?
0 What is an annotated bibliography ?
3 What names did the New York Titans take in the 1963?
3 Who is the president of Stanford University?
5 How many people have been Captain America ?
1 What are the wolverine habits ?
1 What did the Englishman John Hawkins sell to New World colonists in 1562?
1 What story does morality have: ````Who wants everything gets nothing''''?
3 What TV detective did Craig Stevens play ?
3 What son of a 15-year-old Mexican girl and a half-Irish father became the world 's most famous Greek ?
5 How many miles is it from NY to Austria ?
5 What is the cost of the drugs used in tuberculosis treatments ?
1 What do camels store in their humps ?
3 What business exports the sparkling wine Spumante ?
3 What level of government or governmental agency is responsible for dealing with racism ?
0 Why is Indiglo called Indiglo ?
3 What is Li 'l Abner 's last name ?
0 What is the origin of the word "posh"?
0 What is the text for ````Smelly Cat''''''?
4 Where can I find texts for R &B?
0 How do doctors diagnose bone cancer?
3 Who lives on 24 -Sussex Drive, Ottawa?
1 The Jewish alphabet is called what ?
4 Which California bridge crossed Don Brown first in May 27, 1937?
5 How to measure the temperature when baking Peachy Oat Muffins?
0 Why can't women in the Navy serve on submarines?
3 Who's the actress Bette Davis who once said she wished she looked like that?
3 Which of the following did not receive a 1983 ``Superior Mother Award''from the National Mother's Day Committee?
5 How many hostages were killed at the Entebbe?
0 Where does the term'69 'come from?
5 How many people were executed for Abraham Lincoln 's assassination ?
0 What is Eagle 's syndrome styloid process ?
4 What 's the nearest star to Earth ?
4 What two countries fought the Hundred Years ' War ?
2 CPR is the abbreviation for what ?
3 What Apollo 11 astronaut minded the store while Armstrong and Aldrin made history ?
0 Why does tuberculosis affect people?
0 How do you determine if a computer monitor has an SVGA adapter ?
1 What game can Garry Kasparov really do well?
0 What was the notorious performance of the U -2 submarine of Germany?
4 Which city is the headquarters of Sinn Fein?
3 What actor dressed up as Santa Claus and had a once-a-year affair with actress Shelley Winters every Christmas for many years ?
4 What city is sometimes called Gotham?
1 What is the main vegetable in Vichyssoise?
5 What date did man first land on the moon ?
1 What color hair can I use to cover something gray?
0 What does Venus Retrograde mean ?
0 How was the element calcium named ?
3 Who did Richard Nixon tender his resignation to ?
5 How many flavors does Baskin &Robbins offer?
0 What do you do if your mouse doesn't work as fast as it actually is?
1 What film is buried in the cemetery of Pere -Lachaise in Paris?
5 What should the temperature be set at while baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
5 How many people in Tucson ?
4 Where does the US get most of its energy?
3 Which buxom blonde appeared on the cover of more than five magazines?
1 What format was the main competition of VHS?
4 What country owns Corsica ?
1 What was the name of Aristotle Onassis 's yacht ?
3 What are the first names of Rowan and Martin , the stars of TV 's Laugh-In ?
3 Who followed Willy Brandt as chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany ?
5 How big is the Electoral College ?
3 What network whipped its sports programs on Inga Nielsen's body in 197?
3 What 19th-century painter died in the Marquesas Islands ?
0 Where did the saying `` rule of thumb '' come from ?
4 Where is Belize located ?
5 How many rows of whiskers does a cat have?
0 What is the English meaning of caliente ?
3 What cigar-chewing comedian observed : `` You 're only as old as the woman you feel '' ?
0 What is the origin of Middle Eastern slang, ``you're damned'?
2 What is SAP?
1 What soft drink is most heavily caffeinated ?
1 Which breakfast cereal brought you `` the best each morning '' ?
0 Define cosmology.
0 What clause in the U.S. Constitution may not be changed , altered or amended ?
4 What U.S. state ends with a G ?
5 What's the problem with having a dog on the beach?
0 What is Cabarnet Sauvignon ?
5 What's Columbia Tristar's phone number?
5 When was the barcode invented?
0 What is an isthmus ?
0 What facial feature did Walt Disney sport that none of Disney 's employees is allowed to ?
5 How many times can a nickel-cadmium rechargeable battery be recharged ?
1 What is a fear of weakness?
3 What baseball player was known as Charley Hustle ?
3 Who domesticated the wild turkey ?
1 What field sport did dentist William Beers promote and write a standard book of rules for ?
5 How many colored squares are there on a Rubik 's Cube ?
4 What is the tallest building in Japan ?
5 How tall is the replica of the Matterhorn at Disneyland ?
1 What are some science fair projects for 8th graders ?
1 What flower did Vincent Van Gogh paint ?
5 How many people are taller than 7 feet ?
0 How does psorisis disappear ?
1 What is the term for a group of geese ?
4 Which Scandinavian country includes 173, 732 square miles?
3 What kind of creative genius said, "Everything comes to the one who sneaks around while he waits"?
1 What predators are there in Antarctica?
1 What kind of a massacre in the members of Bugs Moran's outfit?
3 What is the name of the son of actor Rex Harrison, who played in a modest television series in the late 1960s?
5 What do Englishmen weigh in?
0 Why is Rush 's 2112 called 2112 ?
0 What is a disaccharide?
3 What was the world's largest department store called?
1 What's the name of the green Beryl?
1 What chemical in red wine is good for the heart and what exactly does it do to your body ?
1 What is Dudley Do-Right 's horse 's name ?
5 How many American soldiers are stationed in South Korea ?
1 What Leoncavallo Opera shows a prologue of a clown?
1 What is the fastest-growing comic strip of all time ?
3 Name the U.S. Senate majority leader and the Speaker of the House .
1 What are the different types of plastic?
1 What is the first book of the Old Testament?
5 How deep is a thread?
1 What needs to be produced in a Habeas corpus warrant?
3 What two commanders directed the forces in the Battle of El Alamein ?
2 What is the abbreviation for trinitrotolein?
5 What is the protection rate of using condoms ?
5 What are the three winter months in the southern hemisphere?
4 Where can I find out the top 1 singles ?
5 How many thousands of students attend the University of Massachusetts ?
5 How many years after high school does it take to become a neurosurgeon?
5 What are the statistics for drunk drivers in Maryland?
4 What South American city features the exclusive Copacabana Beach and Ipanema ?
0 How do I contact Answers.com directly?
1 What kind of suit did true hepcats wear in 1942 ?
1 What are some tips for building a fire in a fireplace ?
1 What line of luggage is named after a famous American flier ?
0 What's the cashmere problem?
5 What was the average life expectancy during the Stone Age?
5 How long after intercourse does it take to find out if you are pregnant ?
5 In what year was De Gaulle elected President of France?
4 Where do I find the names of all 15 -Pokemon?
5 How many meters more than two is the average height of the Chinese wall?
4 Where do you find the answers to all these questions?
0 What is the purpose of BIOS?
1 Which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?
3 Name the blind sculptress in love with the Fantastic Four 's Thing .
3 What cable network bills itself as `` the family entertainer '' ?
5 When did Charles Lindbergh die?
0 How do you handle a hungry man ?
0 What 's the meaning of UOL ?
3 Who was the only President to meet two uncoordinated conditions?
5 What is the population of Arcadia , Florida ?
0 How can SQL queries be improved?
1 What are other ways, stretching strips other than pregnancy, weight loss and weight loss?
4 On what river is Rome built ?
1 What fastener did Whitcomb Judson patent in 1893 ?
1 What is a research expedition in mountain climbing ?
1 What is the literary term for a pun?
5 How many countries see MTV Europe?
3 Who was Lauren Bacall 's first husband ?
5 How many points is a disk in the center hole worth in Crokinole ?
4 Where did he get the title ?
0 What is the origin of the expression `` four-letter word '' ?
1 What is the term for someone who hates mankind ?
4 What continent is Bolivia on ?
0 Why does e seem to turn in wheel, e.g. in car tyre, in the opposite direction when it slows down?
3 What is the name of the firm that makes Spumante ?
5 How much did a McDonald's hamburger cost in 1963?
3 Who told Peter Rose not to bet on games?
4 What ocean surrounds the Madeira islands?
4 Where is the largest post office building in the world ?
4 Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?
1 What killed Bob Marley?
1 What sport is played on the biggest field?
3 Whose cover is that of an employee of Universal Import and Export?
2 What does pH stand for ?
4 What are the names of all the seas in the world and what ocean do they drain into ?
3 What composer was awarded the Medal of Honor by Franklin D. Roosevelt ?
1 What game is Garry Kasparov playing?
1 What happens when a cyclist calls ````oil'?
1 What is another term for the painful wrist syndrome ?
1 What video format was an alternative to VHS ?
4 What are the five richest countries in the world?
0 How do they find or choose witnesses to an execution?
5 What can you pay for having a dog on the beach?
1 What 's the most extensively grown and eaten food ?
0 What is the definition of Low Island?
3 What ethnic group introduced the idea of potlatch ?
4 W hat room did W.C. Fields keep his library in?
1 What's on the Jolly Roger?
1 Which species make up more than two thirds of the known species?
0 What is a heuristic?
5 When's the Tulip Festival in Michigan?
0 What is dew point ?
5 How old is Maurizio Pellegrin?
3 What future Soviet dictator was training to be a priest when he got turned on to Marxism ?
3 Who was the first black golfer to go to the Masters Ball?
5 How many cards is each player dealt in Contract Bridge ?
5 How many meters in a mile?
3 What was Eduard Shevardnadze 's job in the Soviet Union ?
3 What double talking `` professor '' holds a doctorate in Nothing ?
3 Who followed their first two underwater thrillers with the girl of the Sea of Cortez?
3 What famous coach said `` if you can 't beat 'em in the alley , you can 't beat 'em on the ice '' ?
2 What does SHIELD stand for ?
5 When are the Academy Awards in 1999?
4 Where can I find information about the cyclone that hit New Jersey on 8 /28 /1941?
1 What is the fastest fish in the world ?
1 What keeps clouds in the air?
4 Which Rocky Mountain Ridge separates the North American rivers east and west?
3 Who commanded the French forces at the Battle of Orleans ?
3 What story did the football coach tell in the movie Run to Daylight?
0 Describe the Long March .
1 What comic strip sometimes features a mailman named Beasley ?
0 Why are peanut butter cookies topped with crisscrosses ?
3 What ethnic group has introduced the idea of Potlatch?
3 Who makes chicken `` finger lickin '' good ?
1 What explosive do you get by mixing charcoal , sulfur and saltpeter ?
0 What does Melissa think?
4 What are the largest deserts in the world ?
0 What does the name Gina mean ?
0 What's the difference between snow and ice?
3 Who developed the first polio vaccine?
0 How did Peabody and Sherman travel through time?
3 Who wrote the Farmer 's Almanac ?
4 Where can I find free piano scores for popular music ?
3 Who's the sexy star?
4 Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies?
4 What is the location of McCarren Airport ?
3 Who invented the horoscope ?
1 What soft drink not only has its own video game, but has also been introduced in its own Marvel Comic?
1 What's a fear of cholera?
0 What is a neurosurgeon?
4 What is the greatest hiking Web site ?
3 Who were the five Marx brothers ?
3 Who said : `` Soldiers win the battles and generals get the credit '' ?
5 How much salt is in the oceans ?
4 Where did Dikembe Mutombo go to college ?
0 What is Win Rah?
5 How many Watts make a kilowatt?
3 Who was the first actress to appear on a postage stamp ?
0 What is the origin of the word marijuana?
3 What is the highest political office of the Soviet Communist Party?
5 How many years of schooling after highschool does it take to become a neurosurgeon ?
1 What color is an Arctic fox in winter?
4 Which mountain region of the world is the Lhasa Apso dog, which is housed in the world?
0 How does ultraviolet light damage the DNA of skin cells?
4 Where is Sinn Fein 's headquarters ?
3 What woman has carried the most multiple births , twins , triplets , etc. , ?
1 What are super balls made of ?
0 How can I get rich quick ?
4 Where are the headquarters of Eli Lilly ?
3 Who is Karenna Gore , Al Gore 's oldest daughter , married to ?
5 Shea & Gould had an office in L.A. for how many years?
0 What is the HIGHEST Roman numeral ?
1 What car was driven in the 199 release of `` Smokey and the Bandit '' ?
1 What game does Garry Kasparov play ?
3 Who's the father of the computer?
0 What is Goldenseal?
0 How do you clean badly tarnished brass ?
3 Which party was Winston Churchill a member of?
3 Who wrote The Look of Love after viewing Ursula Andress ?
4 What is the only Eastern European country not bound by the Ruble?
5 How long does cocaine stay in your system ?
1 What letter does Gorbachev's middle name begin with?
5 How many revolutions does a standard LP make in three minutes ?
1 What three colors of ink are used to print a U S dollar bill?
1 What is the best -selling book of all time?
3 Which director made a silent and sound version of The Ten Commands?
1 What 's the most powerful card in Euchre ?
5 How many warmup pitches does a reliever get coming into a baseball game ?
1 What disease is the second-biggest killer of North Americans ?
1 What interesting method was used to run the credits in the early Popeye cartoons ?
0 What makes thunder ?
1 What type is a snail ?
5 How many fingers are used to draw a bow ?
5 The film `` Jaws '' was made in what year ?
1 What does El Nino mean in Spanish?
1 What kind of jeans did Calvin Klein admit in a 1984 interview that he felt more comfortable wearing them?
3 What U.S. senator once played basketball for the New York Knicks ?
2 What is the abbreviated form of the National Bureau of Investigation?
1 What is an expedition to climb mountains?
3 What school does Tom attend during Tom Brown's school days?
0 What is the virus HIV ?
0 What is the design of the ship Titanic ?
3 Who was the first woman in space ?
4 Where is Montenegro?
4 What city does Maurizio Pellegrin live in now?
3 Who created Maudie Frickett?
1 What were the first frozen foods ?
3 Who was the mother of the man who would not be king, the Duke of Windsor?
3 Who are the top 10 richest people in the world ?
4 Which North American city boasts the largest Polish population?
0 What do the names Andrew and Christina mean ?
1 What film did Louise Fletcher win the best actress Oscar for ?
3 Who designed London Bridge ?
1 What is the most popular contact lens color?
1 What are the top five books of all time?
3 What three hundred American poets wrote a four -volume biography of Abraham Lincoln?
3 Who is Peter Weir ?
4 What state was Herbert Hoover born in ?
5 How much does it cost , average or whatever is available , to produce and send junk mail catalogues in the US ? , DT CD NN NN ,
5 How many stars are on the flag of the Soviet Union?
1 What did the Chinese emperor present to the English soldier Gordon in recognition of his services in quelling rebellions ?
0 What is Gulasch?
5 How much can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
0 What are the `` Star Wars '' satellites ?
1 What's the name of the song Dracula plays on the organ?
0 What does the Double -O show in 007?
4 What famous London Criminal Court was once a feudal castle?
1 What was the name of Sergeant Preston of the Yukon 's lead dog ?
3 Who wrote the book "Huckleberry Finn"?
1 What led to the Yalta Conference?
4 What is the largest lake in North America?
3 Who said I'd come back during World War II?
5 How far out is the universe ?
5 In what year was Desmond Mpilo Tutu awarded the Nobel Peace Prize?
4 What country 's royal house is Bourbon-Parma ?
4 Where's the Mile High Stadium?
1 What literary classic centers on the search for a treasure in gold worth 7 , 0 pounds ?
5 In what year was the first car manufactured?
3 Who recorded the 1957 hit Tammy ?
4 What are the four largest mountain ranges in the continental USA?
4 Where do people climb in Nepal?
0 What does an emperor do?
4 What 's the oldest capital city in the Americas ?
0 How do you find the criminal record on the Internet?
5 What is the student population at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst ?
5 Which chapter of the Bible has the most verses?
4 Where can I find a review of Nightmare on Elm Street in a film journal ?
4 What are the Benelux countries ?
1 What kind of car did Janis Joplin ask the gentleman to buy her?
5 When was the Parthenon built ?
5 What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?
3 Which college did Dikembe Mutombo attend ?
1 What is a movie that Kevin Costner made about Sioux Indians ?
3 Who was the pride of the Yankees?
1 In the Miller Lite TV commercial, who's the creature?
1 What 's the hardest substance in the human body ?
5 When did the original Howdy Doody show go off the air ?
4 Name the land of giants twelve times the size of man in Gulliver's Travels.''
1 What does Warner Bros. call an airless cuckoo?
5 How many bytes are in a terabyte?
1 What was the killer whale who died at Sea World of a fungal infection named ?
3 Who wrote the book , `` The Grinch Who Stole Christmas '' ?
0 What is digitalis?
0 What causes tuberculosis ?
4 What are tourist attractions in Reims ?
3 What daughter of Henry VIII and Anne Boleyn became queen of England ?
5 How high does a mountain have to be to be called a mountain?
0 Why did some San Diego schools stop serving apples?
4 What city or state do the most gay men live in ?
0 What do Caroll Baker, Tammy Grimes, Debbie Reynolds and Judy Garland have in common?
4 What is the richest state in the U.S. ?
4 Where is Romania?
0 What is the origin of `` barbeque '' ?
0 What is the feudal system ?
4 Which country is the largest diamond producer?
0 What is the poetic measuring device of empty verses?
4 Where can shares be traded on line?
0 What is the origin of ``jiggy''as if you are playing with it?
1 What musical instrument did Prewitt play in James Jones's From Here to Eternity?
0 How do I find a snowboard website?
4 What famous river flows through Baghdad?
1 What are the five basic swimming lines?
1 What is the Statue of Liberty wearing on her feet?
1 What is the most radioactive food ?
1 What is the most common element in the sun?
1 What is a fear of water ?
5 How many years has Sleeping Beauty slept?
3 What Argentine revolutionary fought with Castro and died in Bolivia in May , 1979 ?
0 What causes a person to have constantly sweaty hands and feet ?
5 How big is the constituency?
4 What 's the capital of Monaco ?
3 Who provides telephone service in Orange County, California?
0 Why was Curious George curious?
5 How much money does the Sultan of Brunei have ?
5 When are the Oscars Academy Awards in 1999 ?
1 In which film or in which films did Jude Law appear?
3 Who has the only speaking role in `` Silent Movie '' ?
5 When did Israel begin turning the Gaza Strip and Jericho over to the PLO ?
1 What is the only gland in humans that can regenerate itself ?
1 What's a fear of rejection?
4 Which U.S. state borders Illinois in the north?
5 How many people watch TV?
2 What does BUD stand for ?
3 Who danced into stardom with Fred Astaire in 1941 's You 'll Never Get Rich ?
1 What movie ends with the line `````````This is Mrs. Norman Maine''?
5 How much money did the Marcos steal from their country ?
1 What Stephen Sondheim ballad ends : `` Well , maybe next year.. . '' ?
1 What is the most commonly used computer program?
1 What are the conjugations of waking and waking?
4 What is the longest place name in the United States?
0 What is the origin of the atom ?
3 Who is known as `` the world 's oldest teenager '' ?
5 How many real fruit juices are there in a can of Hawaiian punch?
3 Who was the first coach of the Cleveland Browns?
0 How do you find the area of a circle ?
3 What kind of company is 7-Eleven ?
0 What's a barrel?
3 What Scottish poet wrote to a mouse and a louse?
3 Who delivered his latest news on March 6, 1981?
0 How did Jayne Mansfield die ?
3 Who advised listeners to `` see the U.S.A. in your Chevrolet '' ?
4 What sound does Olympia , Washington , overlook ?
5 How many CDs has Garth Brooks sold ?
0 Where does the band Led Zeppelin come from?
3 Who did Dita Beard work for?
5 How many times a day should you use a recipe with ``````````````q.d.''No.
0 What is the Red Planet?
1 What shrubs can be planted that will be safe from deer ?
1 What is the right way to install a roll of toilet paper?
1 What is April's gem?
0 What are Maid-Rites ?
2 What does NAFTA stand for?
4 What city would you be in if you were feeding pigeons on Piazza San Marco?
1 What Aesop's Fable has the moral ```Race 'is not always for the quick. Slow and quiet will you win?
1 What is your favorite color ?
1 What are the first ten amendements passed ?
4 Where is the Kentucky Horse Park ?
1 What's the tallest suit on the bridge?
5 How many different vegetation zones are there?
1 What beer 's name is translated as `` lion brew '' ?
0 How can I get in touch with Michael Moore of `` Roger & Me '' ?
4 What is the largest cathedral in the world?
3 What video game hero do some of his fans call Chomper?
1 What fossilizes to form coprolite ?
4 What four U.S. states have active volcanoes ?
1 What does a spermologist collect?
4 Where is Tufts University?
5 How many electoral votes does it take to win presidency ?
4 What city 's the kickoff point for climbs of Mount Everest ?
4 Where is the most active volcano in the world?
3 What robust U.S. President imported his own instructor after seeing a judo match ?
3 Who starred with Charlie Chaplin in Modern Times and The Great Dictator ?
3 Who became the first honorary citizen of the United States?
3 Who followed Caesar ?
0 Why were the American soldiers in WWI called `` Doughboys ''
1 What movie did Madilyn Kahn star in with Gene Wilder ?
5 How many movies are made by the big studios in a year?
3 What is the occupation of Nicholas Cage ?
0 How do you refer to a website?
1 What can I use to remove the stubborn rubber labels from some disks?
0 How does a rainbow form ?
4 Where is the Orinoco ?
1 What cancer is commonly associated with AIDS ?
4 What are some good medical pages for information?
1 What 's the common name for acetylsalicylic acid ?
1 Which comic book was not spawned directly from the pulp magazines ?
1 What bird can swim but can 't fly ?
5 What 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?
3 Who would you use the secret maneuver on?
3 Who is the only U.S. President to win a Pulitzer Prize?
1 What 's a `` Drinker respirator '' better known as ?
4 Which state has the longest coastline of the Great Lakes?
1 What is the alphabet for Latin?
5 How high is the city of Denver ?
0 Why is it snowing?
3 What does Nicholas Cage do for a living?
4 Where can I get the US economic statistics?
3 Who shot and killed himself while painting Wheatfield with Crows ?
1 What is the name of a language spoken by the Sioux?
1 Name a movie about the Sioux Indians with Kevin Costner.
0 How can I find out how much it costs to raise a baby for six months?
4 Which city hosted the first winter Olympics in Asia?
5 When was the first toilet invented?
0 What is the meaning of Jesus ?
0 What is porphyria ?
5 When was the first steel mill in the United States built ?
5 How many sonnets did Shakespeare write?
3 Who makes the "cross your heart" bra?
1 What were hairy banknotes in the fur trade?
4 Where can I find information about touring the Philippines ?
4 What desert has the highest sand dunes ?
5 How many queen bees reign in a hive ?
3 Who was the king who was forced to agree to the Magna Carta?
5 How many penny-farthings are there on a Trivial Pursuit game board ?
5 How many frames does a disk camera shoot ?
1 What is a fear of water?
3 Which high schools are included in the South Florida Ice Hockey league ?
5 What year is etched on the Gold Medal of Excellence from the Paris Exposition depicted on a can of Campbell 's tomato soup ?
3 Who was the lawyer who represented Randy Steven Craft ?
5 How many murders and assassinations have there been in the United States since 1865?
3 What classical Spanish writer warned : `` All that glitters is not gold '' ?
0 What is the meaning of Jesus?
3 What Hall of Fame pitcher started three World Series Games for the New York Yankees in 1962 ?
1 What is the fastest computer ?
1 What was the name of the sitcom that Alyssa Milano starred in with Tony Danza ?
1 What sport was the first televised in the U.S. ?
0 What sank the Titanic?
1 What 's the largest U.S. agricultural crop by weight ?
1 What is the shape of a football as stated in the NFL rulebook ?
4 Which royal house is Bourbon Parma?
0 What is making love ?
0 What was the rally call of the early American revolutionaries?
0 What are the seven virtues ?
3 What title did Suzette Charles assume for two months in 1984 ?
3 Who invented the stock ticker in 1870 ?
1 Which animal has the best hearing?
0 What is the origin of Boxing Day ?
4 In what area of the world was the Six Day War fought ?
1 What's the name of the Canadian Public TV children's show with the singing pineapple?
1 What did Englishman John Hawkins begin selling to New World colonists in 1562 ?
0 What was the real laugh in responses to say good night Dick?
0 How do you box a cat?
5 How long do you have to live in a community to vote?
3 Who co-starred with Julie Andrews in Mary Poppins ?
1 The corpus callosum is in what part of the body ?
0 How does marl form and what mineral does it contain ?
3 Who appointed the chairman of the Federal Reserve?
4 What South American country won its first World Cup soccer title in 1978 ?
3 Who became President of the United States in 1789?
4 Where did King Francis I hang the `` Mona Lisa '' when he owned it ?
3 Who wrote the sci-fi trilogy Foundation , Foundation and Empire , and Second Foundation ?
1 What's the biggest letter in Salvador Dali's signature?
0 How will the car be possessed in "Christine"?
3 What President lived at 219 North Delaware Street , Independence , Missouri ?
3 Who was the first coach of the Cleveland Browns ?
5 How often can a nickel -cadmium battery be charged?
1 What chemicals are used in lethal injection ?
1 What eating utensils are used for handicapped kids ?
0 What does Robert mean ?
0 How's the weather on the moon?
1 What animals have The Amazing Three disguised as?
0 How do you measure the heat of the sun ?
1 What was Mr. Magoo doing on TV for General Electric?
3 Who invented the pull-tab opener on cans ?
4 What web sites are linked to the Report on Genesis Eldercare ?
4 Where did makeup originate ?
1 What kind of books does Fodor's publish?
3 Who is the Antichrist?
5 How many boys play the game in Winslow Homer 's 1872 painting Snap the Whip ?
0 How do I make fuel bricks from recycled newspaper ?
1 What spider makes a superb pet , even said to recognize its master ?
1 What killer whale died of a fungal infection in Sea World?
0 What currents affect the area of the Shetland Islands and Orkney Islands in the North Sea ?
0 What is real -time processing?
0 What is the function of a community water tower?
0 What is the Socratic method ?
0 How do you build a solar car for a high school experiment ?
3 What long -time game organizer died jogging in Central Park in 1984?
4 Where's Trinidad?
1 What are the stars made of ?
3 Who invented make -up?
4 What state has the most Indians ?
4 Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?
1 What is Chiricahua the name of ?
4 Which countries have the best math students?
0 What are the living conditions in Cuba?
3 What business exports sparkling wine?
3 Which actor did James Bond portray first?
3 What Argentinean revolutionary fought Castro and died in May, 1979?
5 When did the `` Star-Spangled Banner '' become the national anthem ?
4 What is the US Federal Government website for Standard Industrial Classification codes , SIC , ?
3 Which baseball team was routinely referred to by its frustrated fans as ``the booms''?
5 How long were Tyrannosaurus Rex 's teeth ?
1 What Grand Slam golf tournament wasn 't held between 1940 and 1945 ?
4 What e -mail address does Bill Gross have?
3 Who wrote The Red Badge of Courage?
0 How do you recognize anorexia ?
1 What foods contain vitamin B12 ?
0 What is a transistor ?
4 Where did the name Daniel originate ?
5 When was the London Docklands Light Railway built?
1 What novel by William Makepeace Thackeray was made in a Stanley Kubrick movie?
3 Who was the first president to appoint a woman to head a cabinet?
5 How long before your body recovers blood after you have donated your blood?
3 Who was the chairman of the Senate Committee that tried to find Watergate?
1 What holidays are celebrated in Ireland ?
4 What are the four largest mountain ranges on the Asian continent?
1 What age followed the Bronze Age?
0 What's a pig in a sack?
4 What U.S. state is Mammoth Cave National Park in ?
4 What city is the Kentucky Horse Park near ?
3 Who was President of Afghanistan in 1994 ?
3 Whose first presidential order was : `` Let 's get this goddamn thing airborne '' ?
1 Which nuts are used in Marzipan?
5 How big is Missouri's population?
1 What do the Hasidic Jews do during dating?
5 How long was the longest sneezing attack ?
3 Name a female figure skater .
5 At what age did Rossini stop writing opera?
3 What company was the original sponsor of TV 's Superman ?
0 What is a virtual IP address?
0 What is `` the washed vodka '' ?
5 How many events form the ten -man battle?
5 What 's the maximum number of clubs a golfer may use in a round ?
4 Which country is located in 13 -degree north -latitude and 10 -degree east -length?
5 What year was the wall built?
1 What was the species of Winnie the Pooh ?
1 What sounded too much like George Harrison from the Chiffons?
0 What did Delilah do with Samson's hair?
5 How many people in Tucson?
0 What's the story with Yo -Yos?
3 Which actor played in the 1980s Blue Lagoon, 1982's The Pirate Movie and 1983's A Night in Heaven?
3 What bread company used to feature stickers of the Cisco Kid on the ends of their packages ?
0 What is lung cancer ?
1 What is the Jewish bible called ?
0 What is the origin of the word, JJ?
0 How do you get a broken cork out of a bottle ?
3 What record company produced the 1978 movie The Wiz ?
1 What 's the world 's most common compound ?
1 Name the soft drink that is `` number one in the sun . ''
1 What types of water pollution are there ?
5 How many baits are there in a cricket wicket?
3 What 19th-century writer had a country estate on the Hudson dubbed Sunnyside ?
3 Who is the only president buried in Washington
3 Who was the first English circumnavigator of the globe ?
0 What has the Yalta Conference done?
5 How long does it take for a $savings bond to mature?
5 When did the supercontinent Pangaea break up ?
0 What is Greek Pita?
1 What penalty space lies between Baltic Avenue and Reading Railroad on a Monopoly board ?
1 What is the term for a four -sided figure?
2 What does the word LASER mean?
5 How many wings does a Tsetse fly have?
5 How many mines can still be found in the Falklands after the war ended ?
3 Whose singing voice was dubbed in for Natalie Wood in West Side Story and Audrey Hepburn in My Fair Lady ?
0 What is a country of the First World?
1 What are the shortest and the longest songs ever produced ?
1 What films featured the character Popeye Doyle ?
1 What video format was an alternative to VHS?
1 What are the titles of some R -Rate Sony Playstation games?
5 How big is our galaxy in diameter ?
4 Where are the leading medical groups specializing in lung diseases ?
5 What date is Boxing Day ?
3 Which one of the Backstreet Boys is single?
4 Where did surfing originate ?
5 How long does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth ?
4 What body of water does the Danube River flow into ?
0 How effective are condoms in protecting against AIDS ?
0 How is thalassemia defined ?
1 What is the largest US agricultural crop by weight?
4 What is California 's capital ?
3 What was the nickname of German flying ace Manfred von Richthofen ?
3 Who played with Charlie Chaplin in "Modern Times" and "The Great Dictator"?
3 What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?
4 Which Russian city was once called St. Petersburg and Petrograd?
4 What Asian city boasts the world 's biggest bowling alley ?
1 Ray Charles is best known for playing what instrument ?
5 How many liters of paint does it take to paint the Golden Gate Bridge?
4 What country imposed the Berlin Blockade in 1948 ?
4 In what state was the first co -education school founded?
4 Which mountain range marks the border with France and Spain?
3 Name the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse.
0 How did names come about ?
0 How did shipyard inspector James J. Kilroy designate equipment as being satisfactory ?
1 What children's story contains the line ````Come, Cinderella, and keep this spear of wool for me'''?
1 What's the name of a book by Aaron Hass?
0 How do you fix squeaky floors ?
4 What do most tourists visit in Reims?
1 What war did the Wanna -Go -Home riots after?
5 How many years is Johnnie Walker Black Label aged ?
1 What album did The Beatles put on the cover of Time in 1967?
1 What are the Canary Islands named after?
0 What is form drag ?
5 How many islands make up Antigua ?
3 Who was the first black artist to have his own TV show?
5 When was Beethoven born?
5 How many of the nation's children between the age of two and eleven "The Simpsons"?
1 What is a fear of ruin?
0 What is a conical tree?
0 What is the origin of the term `` The Brooklyn Side '' in bowling ?
5 How many tiles did the Space Shuttle Columbia lose on its second flight ?
4 What are the two longest rivers in Britain?
3 Who discovered imaginary numbers?
3 What was the name of the first Watergate Special Prosecutor who was later fired by Nixon?
5 When did beethoven die ?
0 How did P.T. Barnum bill the diminutive Charles S. Stratton ?
0 How can I determine the radius of an ellipse?
0 What 's the Red Planet ?
3 Whom did Lauren Bacall marry after her husband Humphrey Bogart died ?
1 What's the highest piece on a chessboard?
1 What's a fear of food?
3 Who wrote the secret life of Walter Mitty?
0 What is a transistor?
1 What sport features slotbacks , tailbacks , and touchbacks ?
1 What is the only work by Michelangelo that bears his signature?
3 Who was Santos-Dumont ?
3 What's Popeye's adopted son's name?
4 What botanical marvel did Nebuchadnezzar build ?
1 What TV station did Mary Richards work for?
1 What kind of training do you need to become a sports trainer for the NFL?
1 Which of the five senses develops first?
4 What nationality is Gorbachev ?
0 What exactly makes sleep for you?
3 What television network flogged its sports programming on Inga Nielsen 's body in 197 ?
3 What's Alice Cooper's real name?
5 How many Americans have HIV ?
0 Where did the wedding ceremony come from?
1 In what war were there battles at Papagei's Beak and Black Virgin?
5 When was Yemen reunified ?
1 The trials resulting from World War II are known as what ?
3 Who was Lauren Bacall's first husband?
4 Which state has most Indians?
5 How many inches over six feet is the Venus de Milo ?
4 What Caribbean island is sometimes called Little England ?
5 When was the first Barbie produced?
3 Which Bloom County resident destroys a computer?
5 When was the last time Mount St. Helens broke out?
0 Why was Henry Ford 's first automobile calleda Model T & his second type of automobile , introduced in 1928 , called a Model A ?
5 How much power does the brain need?
0 Why did several San Diego schools stop serving apples to students ?
4 Where do Grimace and Mayor McCheese live?
1 What is Latin for incompetent ?
4 The Orange Bowl is in what city ?
4 Which country do the Galapagos Islands belong to?
0 What 's the distinction of U.S. Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall ?
1 What does 1963 Joseph L. Mankiewicz Film $28 million cost?
1 What card game derived its name from biritch , or Russian Whist ?
5 How long should you feed your puppy Purina Puppy Chow?
0 What is goulash ?
5 In what month, date and year did Charles die?
1 What wheel did Blaise Pascal invent in a search for perpetual motion ?
3 Who was the first American citizen awarded the Albert Medal of the Society of Arts ?
1 What is a good book to read for people who hate to read ?
1 What are the ingredients of Coca-Cola ?
4 What is a reliable website that I Heretic 2? can download?
1 What holidays or celebrations are celebrated in Italy?
5 What date is Ukrainian Christmas?
4 Where can I find a website that gives comparisons of good prices ?
4 What country did the Nazis occupy for 1 , CD NNS IN NNP NNP NNP .
3 Which is the only Dick Tracy villain to appear three times ?
3 Who were the editors of the Comedy Hour Smothers Brothers?
1 Which piece of jewelry is depicted in the luxury tax room of Monopoly?
3 Which U.S. President is buried in Washington , D.C. ?
1 What is the word for love of pain or abuse?
4 Where does chocolate come from ?
4 Where can you find information about religion and health, brain and nutrition?
5 How old is Jeremy Piven ?
3 Who rents Shakespeare's Antonio 3,0 dukes?
3 What robust U.S. president imported his own teacher after watching a judo match?
0 What is deconstruction?
3 What British female pop singing star of the 1960s and early 1970s was a child actress in the 1940s and '50s ?
1 What feud ended with a marriage in Kentucky in March 21, 1891?
5 How often was the pitcher Warren Spahn, a 20 -game winner in his 21st season?
0 What is magnetar ?
3 Who wrote Farmer's Almanac?
0 How do you clean up a cache ?
3 What precinct made the biggest cocaine bust in Ventura County?
3 What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Craft ?
5 How long does the average domesticated ferret live?
1 What was the distinguishing sign on the "Little Rascals" dog?
0 What is Linux?
5 How fast can a Corvette go?
1 Which airplane was Fawaz Younis convicted of hijacking ?
0 What incident caused the canning of a summit conference between Eisenhower and Khrushchev ?
1 What is the largest snake in the world ?
5 What 's the score of a forfeited baseball game ?
0 How do you use `` farther '' as opposed to `` further '' ?
4 Where's the Mayo Clinic?
3 What baseball team owner and sailor is known as The Mouth of the South ?
1 What was the 24-disc John Gabel Entertainer the first example of , in 1960 ?
3 What comedian was banned from the Ed Sullivan Show for allegedly making an obscene gesture at the show 's host ?
5 What is the average weight for a man ?
2 What is DTMF ?
0 What is endometriosis?
1 What British TV series featured Emma Peel ?
0 How does the Elongated Man know there's a secret going on?
0 How is Qigong pronounced correctly?
0 What was Al Capone finally imprisoned for , in 1931 ?
4 What state did Helen Keller call home ?
4 If Superman has to get away from all this, where does he go?
3 24069s?
4 What sea separates Naples and Algiers?
1 What measures has Clinton taken to avoid the draft?
1 What do you need before you can take out life insurance?
4 What is the largest office block in the world ?
1 What indoor sport did Phoenix Inferno have for the Phoenix Pride in July 14, 1983, when the temperature hit 111 degree?
4 Where do I get piano music for the Jamiroquai song every day for the Midi?
0 How do wasps make their nests ?
4 Which state in the United States has the most blacks?
3 Which oil company almost picked a word that meant `` stalled car '' in Japanese as its new international name ?
4 Where was Tesla born ?
0 How can I get some free technical information on Electric Vehicle ?
1 What is a synonym for aspartame?
1 What 's the international radio code word for the letter B ?
0 How do you write MLA style bibliographies for an Internet source ?
1 What was Jimmy Durante's title song?
3 What President dispatched a cruiser to carry Charles Lindbergh home after his epic flight ?
1 What does a pedometer measure?
5 How long does it take sunlight to reach Earth ?
0 What is measured in Curies?
4 What cathedral was Thomas Becket murdered in ?
3 What major airline has the best safety record in the world ?
1 What is the name given to the Islamic counterpart of the Red Cross ?
4 Where do you find the answers for all these questions ?
0 What is the origin of thank you notes ?
0 What are starfish?
4 What country has the most coastline ?
1 What children 's tale contains the line : `` Come , Cinderslut , and hold this skein of wool for me '' ?
3 Who liberated Sicily and Naples?
0 Why do oceans contain salt water instead of fresh water ?
1 What was the first video ever?
0 How do they lift the crane when building high -rise buildings?
1 What disease has affected Europe, Africa and Asia?
1 What book is subtitled The Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life ?
4 Where is Belize?
3 Who invented baseball ?
4 Which country was named the queen of the Antilles?
1 Which leg does a cat move with its left front leg when walking, its left hind leg or its right hind leg?
0 What does the name `` Sheri '' mean ?
0 What is Molybdenum?
4 What strait links the Mediterranean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean ?
3 What NFL team did Vince Lombardi end his coaching career with ?
3 What were Babe Ruth 's Christian names ?
0 How do ants have sex?
5 How many astronauts had ever manned Project Mercury flight?
1 What sport does Chris Jogis play?
1 What was the first domesticated bird ?
1 Name a product that controls the ripeness of apples.
4 What bay divides Maryland 's Eastern and Western Shores ?
0 What is saltpeter ?
3 What Russian master spy lived in the U.S. under the name Emil Goldfus ?
4 What city is the district of Hell's Kitchen in?
3 Who is the leading competitor of Trans Union Company?
3 Who was Picasso ?
0 How do I keep cats out of my flower garden forever?
1 What animal has been called The Poor Man 's Cow ?
0 What are people doing to help prevent the extinction of birds ?
4 What is the capital of Monaco?
0 What does caliente mean in English?
1 What did the ancients call the four great elements ?
4 Where is the group M People from?
3 What is Nicholas Cage 's occupation ?
3 Who wrote Hamlet?
0 How do Ouija boards work?
5 How many claws has a lobster called a pistol lost ?
0 What is a virtual IP address?
0 How does psoriasis disappear?
4 What California desert is dubbed High Desert ?
5 How many cherubs are there on a Trivial Pursuit Board?
5 How long is the border between Ukraine and Russia?
0 How do clouds form ?
0 How do I install a tile floor?
3 Name a canine cartoon character other than Huckleberry Hound to have a voice by Daws Butler .
4 In what state is the Buffalo Bill Historical Center located?
0 How do they get Teflon to stick to the pan ?
0 What should you yell to hail a taxi in Madrid ?
3 Who's the superstar in the rental car?
1 Which plane has Fawaz Younis hijacked?
3 Who built the first gas engine?
1 What connects peacocks?
0 What is in baby powder and baby lotion that makes it smell the way it does ?
1 What are birds descendents of ?
0 What does the name Melissa mean ?
5 How many cities are there in Utah ?
5 How many violins did Old King Cole have?
3 Name the tree growing company .
0 How do I know if I'm pregnant?
3 What future Soviet dictator trained to become a priest when he turned to Marxism?
0 How can I find out how much income tax is paid on Social Security income on the 1998 income tax ?
4 What condition full of milk and honey was the target in The Grapes of Wrath?
3 What well-known actor is the father of star Alan Alda ?
0 What is the Internet?
3 What are the three most successful companies of our time ?
1 What dog was called "The Mortgage Lifter"?
0 How do I legally make my own will and testament ?
0 In Waugh 's `` A Handful of Dust , '' what does the mad old man force the hero to do every afternoon ?
0 What is the difference between microprocessors and microcontrollers?
4 Where can an individual get a contact lens tested that burned the entire surface of eye when new ?
0 How is the word ` qigong ' pronounced ?
1 What is the most famous German word in the English language ?
0 What currents affect the Shetland and Orkney islands in the North Sea?
3 Who was Sherlock Holmes 's archenemy ?
0 What is a virtual IP address ?
1 Musician Ray Charles plays what instrument ?
4 McCarren Airport is located in what city?
3 Who created Dennis the Menace ?
5 How many watts make a kilowatt ?
1 What Robert Louis Stevenson novel was inspired by Deacon William Brodie , a cabinetmaker by day and burglar by night ?
0 What is software piracy?
5 What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?
5 How much does it cost to have planted a tree by making, 900, 740 -TREE?
0 What does sperm do?
4 Where was Richard Nixon when Gerald Ford became president?
0 What is the S&P 500 used for ?
3 What TV talk-show host lends his name to a line of men 's clothing ?
0 What are the Arabic numbers from 1 to 10?
3 What is the best distance education university or college ?
3 Which relative of Leo Tolstoy has translated war and peace eight times?
1 What kind of creatures are the Canary Islands named for ?
0 Where does the term'86 'come from?
1 What hair care product told us, "hate the gray, wash it away."
5 CNN began broadcasting in what year ?
5 How big is Australia ?
3 President Bush compared Saddam Hussein to whom ?
4 What is the oldest website on the Internet ?
5 How fast does the fastest car go?
1 Which Muhammad Ali maneuver was George Foreman's first victim of?
0 What is commonly considered the fifth sense ?
3 Who claimed he killed 4 , 280 buffalo as food for the crew building the Kansas Pacific Railway ?
0 What does Ouija mean ?
1 What's a fear of bees?
4 What is the property of Britain on the mainland of China?
1 What is a fear of insanity ?
5 CNN 's first broadcast occurred on what date ?
5 When was the last big outbreak of Mount St. Helens?
1 What do the opposite faces of a forehead always mean?
0 Why do pressure cookers save time in the kitchen?
3 What company sells the most greeting cards ?
3 What basketball player is credited with 23 , 924 rebounds ?
4 Where does Buzz Aldrin want to build a permanently manned space station?
3 What's the name of the company that makes Spumante?
1 What does a philatelist collect ?
1 What type of betting is used in horse racing ?
0 What does camera -ready art mean?
3 What little American gymnast stole the show at the 1984 Olympics?
4 Where does most of the marijuana that comes to the United States come from?
0 What is rolled -down marble?
0 What are hook worms ?
3 What singer sings "Oh Boy"?
1 What happened on January 15th, 1969?
1 What star-faring race brought about the Inhumans on Marvel 's Earth ?
1 What about the cop in the Canadian Monopoly issue?
5 How many trees are used in paper production in one year?
3 What mysterious writer wrote ``the glory that was Greece and the glory that was Rome'?
0 Why is the universe flat , if it started by an explosion , shouldn 't it be a sphere ?
3 Who was President Cleveland's wife?
1 What 1927 silent film received an international revival in 1981 ?
5 How many syllables are there in a series of hendekalartic poetry?
4 What city is often called The Insurance Capital of the World ?
0 What is the origin of thanksgiving?
1 What is the symbol for the zodiac Gemini?
3 What company started out making pies , and wound up manufacturing plastic throwing toys ?
0 What makes salt ?
5 What century 's the setting for TV 's The Adventures of Robin Hood ?
4 What 's the capital of Iowa ?
0 What is the origin of the word "Sideburn"?
5 What was the U.S. highway death toll in 1969 ?
5 What is the acreage of the Chappellet vineyard ?
0 How do I know if I'm jealous of someone?
0 Why is hockey so violent ?
1 What football bowl game 's first queen was Hallie Woods ?
3 What were the names of the gangsters Bonnie and Clyde?
3 What company 's logo is a `` W '' in a circle ?
1 Are you referring to a film that won the Golden Bear at the Berlin Film Festival?
5 How many points are the symbol for ``cause''?
3 Who wrote ` Hamlet ' ?
5 How many megawatts will the power project in Indonesia , built by a consortium headed by Mission Energy of US , produce ?
4 What city in Florida is Sea World in ?
4 Where do I get information and statistics on countries and nations?
4 Where's King's Canyon?
3 Who portrayed `` Rosanne Rosanna-Dana '' on the television show `` Saturday Night Live '' ?
5 What is the size of Argentina ?
4 What city is the setting for Puccini 's opera La Boheme ?
5 What is the pig population of the world?
3 Which big diamond producer is in South Africa?
3 What South African producer had a 1988 profit of $836 million ?
3 Who graced the airwaves with such pearls as `` Do ya lo-o-ove me ? Get naked , baby ! '' ?
0 What's color?
5 What year did Thatcher become Prime Minister?
3 Which college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball for ?
3 Who were the four famous founders of United Artists?
0 What is cosmology ?
5 When is the Sun closest to the Earth ?
0 Why did the Aztecs first think the Spanish were gods?
4 Where is Rider College?
1 What fast food is prepared with a `` secret blend of 11 herbs and spices ? ''
4 What river is Windsor Castle on ?
0 Colin Powell is famous for what?
1 What is the only modern language that capitalizes its singular first person pronouns?
0 What is the origin of the term `` blue moon , '' and how often do they occur ?
3 What major Victorian novelist spent as much time working for the post office as he did writing ?
5 How high is the temperature when cooking?
5 How much would a black and white 1 -cent stamp be worth, Thomas Jefferson?
3 What unhappy American general dragged a bullterrier named Willie through World War II?
4 What are all the United States of America?
4 Which country did the ancient Romans refer to as Hibernia?
1 In which Tennessee Williams play is one of the characters killed and devoured by a mob of starving children ?
3 Who invented the Moog Synthesizer ?
3 Who is considered First Lady of the American Stage?
1 Name a product that controls the ripening of apples .
5 How many small businesses are there in the U.S .
3 What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Steven Craft?
5 How many astronauts have been on the moon?
4 Where's the 19th hole on a golf course?
1 How do you say "eat the day" in Latin?
4 What country did Kim Philby really work for?
1 What was the name of Betty Boop's dog?
1 What's the traditional drink in the Kentucky Derby?
0 What does a nihilist believe in ?
4 What country are Godiva chocolates from?
3 Who is actress Goldie Hawn 's current actor boyfriend ?
1 What is the first book of the Old Testament ?
4 What are some mythology websites?
1 What was the first Sam Spade novel?
1 Which operating system runs on IBM-compatible machines ?
3 Who founded the first aerodynamics lab in 1912?
5 How many elevators do you drive to reach the top floor of the Empire State Building?
0 What problems contributed to the high failure rate of Plains farmers in the 1800s ?
5 How many spears are there on Kenya's flag?
4 What nationality is Gorbachev?
5 What is the pig population of the world ?
1 Which African animals are known as The Big Five?
0 How does Marl form and what mineral does it contain?
3 Who is Langston Hughes ?
1 What is a common anti-AIDS drug ?
1 What are the first and last letters of the Greek alphabet?
0 What does the term glory hole mean ?
0 How do I get a comic that I have copyrighted and published?
5 What is the highest number of home runs on record for any one game ?
1 What's the name of the low pressure belt around the equator?
3 Who is the voice of Miss Piggy ?
5 What are bottle caps with presidents ' pictures inside worth ?
5 How many miles is it from Frankfurt , Germany to Salzburg , Austria ?
3 Who was the first black golfer to tee off in the Masters ?
0 How do you send a movie transcript to Hollywood so that it can be produced into a film ?
3 What was Al Capone's name?
3 Who was in the movie "The War of the Worlds"?
5 When is boxing day?
5 What number of American soldiers remain unaccounted from the Vietnam war ?
2 What is the abbreviation for the National Bureau of Investigation?
2 What does NASDAQ mean?
0 What happened to the once popular Yale Lock Company?
3 What are the ten best girls' names in the United States?
4 What country was Sir Edmund Hillary born in ?
1 What was the name of Hitler 's unsuccessful attempt to overthrow the Bavarian government in Munich in 1923 ?
5 How many millimeters are in a mile ?
1 Italy is the biggest producer of what?
3 Who is currently the most popular singer in the world?
4 Where did the Inuits live?
5 What was the British population of 1699 -172?
4 What Russian city boasts of the Hermitage Museum?
2 What is HDLC ?
4 What country is famous for Persian rugs ?
3 Who was in Death of a Salesman original movie, not 1985?
3 Who was the mother of the man who would not be king , the duke of Windsor ?
3 Which terrorist group was led by Donald DeFreeze?
0 What do you hear when you put a shell on your ear?
0 What is Remembrance Day all about ?
0 What caused Harry Houdini 's death ?
3 Who was the lead actress in the movie ` Sleepless in Seattle ' ?
5 How many people snore in America?
3 What part did John Peter Zenger play in the deveopment of the newspaper in America ?
3 What group starred in the movie Rock Around the Clock ?
4 What three European countries begin with the letter A ?
3 Who are the ten best rich people in the world?
4 What Nevada center has been dubbed The Biggest Little City in the World ?
5 How many seats are there in Batmobile Sports?
5 How many people died from a smoking problem in the 1997?
0 How effective are condoms in protecting against AIDS?
3 What future deer hunter portrayed Annie Hall's neurotic brother Duane?
5 How many twins are there?
0 How can I gain access to a spy satelite ?
4 What country has the highest arson rate ?
4 What is the Homelite Inc. home page ?
1 What is another name for nearsightedness ?
0 What is hypertext ?
0 Where did the name Root Bear come from?
1 What book opens : `` At a certain village in La Mancha , which I shall not name.. . '' ?
0 What are bear and bull markets?
3 Who portrayed Dracula in Hammer Studios ' films ?
4 Where are 8 of the 10 highest mountains in the world ?
1 What's a fear of mess?
5 How much has Varian Associates tried to sell its vacuum products division to the BOC Group for?
0 What 's the last line of Dickens 's A Christmas Carol ?
1 What infectious disease kills most people worldwide?
4 What U.S. state records the least rainfall ?
1 What anesthetic did Queen Victoria allow to be used for the birth of her seventh child , in 1853 ?
1 Which Ernest Hemingway novel had the title Fiesta?
3 Who was Hitler with the propaganda minister?
2 What is HTML?
5 What percentage of children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?
1 What is a common anti -AIDS drug?
4 What is the country of origin for the name Thomas?
1 What's the fastest and easiest way to get nail polish out of your clothes?
1 What's the fastest computer?
1 What kind of tree graces Lebanon 's flag ?
0 What happened in Dogtown in 1899 to commemorate this year?
4 Where can I find a large list of 5 to 6 letter words ?
3 What feminist wrote Sexual Politics and Flying ?
1 What was Benny Carter playing?
5 What is the recommended weight of a 15 year-old male that is 5 , 6 ?
3 What is the name of the inventor of silly putty ?
4 What are the seven seas?
3 Who 's the twin brother of the Greek goddess Artemis ?
3 What author was appointed U.S. ambassador to Spain in 1842 ?
0 What are dingos?
1 What was Jimmy Durante 's theme song ?
3 What diminutive American female gymnast stole the show at the 1984 Olympics ?
0 Why are peanut butter cookies covered in crystals?
4 What stadium do the Miami Dolphins play their home games in ?
5 What year did Hitler die ?
4 Mississippi has what name for a state nickname ?
4 Name an art gallery in New York.
5 How many people are there in the world ?
4 Which country boasts the palace of Ismail and the palace of King Farouk?
5 How many times a day should you take a prescription marked `` q.i.d . '' ?
1 What 's the common name for a Japanese dwarf tree ?
1 What sign is the best love match for a horoscope sign ?
1 Name the men 's cologne that is associated with the sea .
5 How many miles are there between Tel Aviv, Israel and Memphis, Tennessee?
4 What London street claims to be the world center for men 's tailoring ?
3 Which actor came to dinner at Guess Who's Coming to Dinner?
0 What is dry ice ?
4 Name the largest country in South America.
3 Which father and which son won the Medal of Honor?
3 Which king signed the Magna Carta?
1 In the novel by John Steinbeck, the family Joad from Oklahoma is played.
0 Why do you say `` God bless you '' when people sneeze ?
0 What is the difference between love and infatuation ?
5 How long does it take the typical American to eat 23 quarts of ice cream ?
3 Who is the fastest guitarist ?
1 What color of Monopoly properties are landed on most often ?
3 Name one of the wives of King Henry VIII.
3 Who was Red Grange ?
3 What are the first names of Lunt and Fontanne's famous men and women?
0 What is the nature of snow and how is the formation of snow different from that of ice?
3 What are the characters ' names in the Scooby-Doo cartoon ?
1 What film was based on the play Everybody Comes to Rick 's ?
0 What is Global Economy?
5 How many home runs did Lou Gehrig have during his career ?
3 What famous communist leader died in Mexico City ?
0 What is Ouzo?
1 What was John Steinbeck's travel friend Charley?
0 Why don't US fax machines work in the UK, NNP?
0 What is the history of Buffalo chicken wings ?
0 What happened to Phillip Taylor Kramer ?
4 What is the capital of Italy ?
3 Who is the prophet that is most connected to the Dead Sea ?
4 Which country has the largest sheep population?
4 Where did the Maya live?
3 Which police department made the largest cocaine seizure ever in Ventura County ?
4 Which is the oldest ethnological museum in the world?
1 What Hermann Hesse's book gave his name to a rock band?
0 What is Nine Inch Nails?
1 What 's the second-most-used murder weapon in the U.S. ?
4 What is the oldest website on the Internet ?
5 How many people have been killed in wars , armed conflicts ?
4 Which river flows through Vienna, Budapest and Belgrade?
0 What is a green bog ?
5 How many people in America snore ?
1 What did Benny Carter play ?
4 Which city is the U.S. headquarters of Procter and Gamble?
1 What did Schostakovich write for Rostropovich?
1 What's the name of the International Lawn Tennis Challenge Trophy?
1 What's the name of Jamiroquai's new album?
1 What is Smokey the bear's middle name?
4 Where's the biggest post office building in the world?
1 What is the second most common murder weapon in the United States?
5 How many different vegetation zones are there ?
0 How does Belle describe her life in Beauty and the Beast ?
3 What President was buried at his ancestral home overlooking the Hudson River at Hyde Park , New York ?
3 Who was the first host of Person to Person ?
3 Who won the battle of Gettysburg?
1 What product `` doubles your pleasure , doubles your fun '' ?
5 How many James Bond novels are there?
3 Which company that manufactures video-game hardware sells the `` super system '' ?
5 How many events make up the decathlon ?
1 What is the longest word in English?
4 Where is the Valley of the Kings ?
4 Which city produces the most oil?
0 Where does marijuana come from?
0 What was the filling of the first golf balls?
5 What year did Montana become a state ?
1 What is the most sold TV soundtrack of all time?
0 How is ` qigong ' properly pronounced ?
1 Which is the largest clock , diameter wise , in Europe ?
0 What is office automation ?
0 What is object-oriented design ?
0 What else did the cross mean?
0 Why is Jane Goodall famous ?
0 What is Gay Science?
0 What did John Hinckley do to impress Jodie Foster?
1 What failure has the Irish famine caused?
0 How do you make the color purple ?
3 Who invented batteries ?
3 Which South American president was assassinated by his generals in the 1963?
0 How do you make a million bucks ?
4 What North American city sprouts the most parking meters ?
5 When did the Carolingian period begin?
0 How do storms form ?
5 What are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
4 What sprawling U.S. state boasts the most airports ?
3 Who said, "I'm down on whores and I won't stop tearing them up"?
0 What will the weather be like today?
0 What does the term'return on maturity 'mean in relation to bonds?
3 Who invented Make-up ?
0 What is a plant supplement?
5 How many people die from snakebite poisoning in the U.S. per year ?
5 How many points are there on a Backgammon board ?
3 Which 4 -foot -9 actress in 1984 became the first actress to win an Oscar for playing a character of the other sex?
0 What did Delilah do to Samson 's hair ?
0 How do chickens get chickens?
4 What is the highest summit in the world?
1 What movie dramatized Scope's monkey process?
3 Who was Sherlock Holmes' archenemy?
2 What does the abbreviation AIDS stand for ?
0 What caused the postponement of the 25th annual session of the United Nations General Assembly?
5 How much of the nation 's children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?
3 Who invented the game bowling ?
4 What city is graced by the Arch of Titus ?
5 What are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?
1 What's dragonfly's favorite food?
3 Who is Coronado ?
5 What is the world record for the longest hair ?
3 What is the name of Dolly Parton 's rarely seen husband ?
0 What is the origin of the term "blue moon", and how often do they occur?
3 Who awarded Sonny Liston the world champion of boxing?
2 What does MSG stand for ?
1 What bird goes into the limelight after the Chinese year of the monkey?
1 What's Mississippi's name?
1 What's a fear of slime?
1 What sport is known for hooligans ?
5 What percentage of American men are alcoholics?
1 Which side of the face do most artists tend to show more of in self-portraits ?
4 What is the smallest country in Africa ?
3 What U.S. President showed a fondness for munching on bee pollen bars ?
4 What African country is governed from Ouagadougou ?
4 What Georgia town did Scarlett O 'Hara condemn as being full of pushy people ?
1 What is the best -selling computer model ever?
0 How do vending machines tell if your dollar is a 1 or a 5 ?
0 What is difference between a poster and a print ?
4 Which one of the Great Lakes is entirely within U.S. territory ?
0 What is Srpska Krajina ?
1 What sport do the Cleaveland Cavaliers play?
4 Which country has the highest fire rate?
3 What the U S Member said:'Keep the faith','baby''.
0 How does a glacier form ?
5 How long does it take for light to reach Earth from the sun?
0 What are tannins ?
1 What is the point on the letter I mentioned?
5 How many dollars a day did Arthur Frommer say you can survive in Europe in 1968's?
3 Who was the first woman to fly across the Atlantic alone?
4 Where is the Statistical Abstract of the United States online ?
3 Who gave King Arthur the round table?
0 How can you tell if someone's lying?
1 What instrument is Ray Charles best known for playing ?
1 What 1950 film won seven Oscars , including best picture ?
3 What Indian tribe fights F -Troop all the time?
3 Who wrote the book , `` Huckleberry Finn '' ?
1 What film contained a pathetic character named Kid Shelleen?
4 What is the capital of Italy?
4 In what city was John F. Kennedy elected president?
0 How can I find a list of celebrities ' real names ?
1 What is a fear of being alone ?
1 What gender is not allowed to choose in Kuwait?
4 Which of the Great Lakes is completely within U.S. territory?
1 What 's a Craps player called ?
1 What historical event happened in Dogtown in 1899 ?
0 How was Teddy Roosevelt related to FDR?
3 What French leader sold Louisiana to the United States ?
5 When was the last time the Vesuvius broke out?
0 What is La Nina ?
1 What 's the most commonly-spoken language in Belgium ?
1 What melts in your mouth, not in your hands.
0 How do I do this ?
1 What English word contains the most letters ?
0 What was unusual about Alexandra's performance in Josie and the Pussycats?
3 In the 1920s, who maintained the endurance of the pilots?
5 How many head injuries are there in recreational ice skating each year ?
4 What two European countries are joined by the Gran San Bernardo Pass ?
1 What was John Steinbeck 's travelling companion Charley ?
0 What happened to Pepsi Clear ?
3 Who are the presidents of Mexico and Indonesia?
1 What color , s , appear on boxes of Kodak film ?
4 Where can I find a large list of five to six letters words?
1 What animals acted as lapwarmers for American colonists in church ?
0 What is the chemiosmotic theory ?
0 What is the origin of ``barbeque''?
1 What are the two languages of Malta ?
5 How many referees work a soccer game ?
5 How much iron is in your body ?
3 What Pope inaugurated Vatican International Radio ?
0 What is mandibulofacial dysostosis ?
1 What weapon did the crossed slits in English castles accommodate ?
5 How many people in the world speak French?
3 What are the top 10 colleges in the United States in the field of engineering ?
4 What city has a paper called The Plain Dealer?
0 What is the history of yo-yos ?
3 Who was the first king of England ?
5 How long should you feed your puppy Purina Puppy Chow ?
0 What is Agra's claim to glory, India?
1 What is the name of one of the languages spoken by the Sioux?
2 What does the abbreviation cwt do? Nope.
5 How many freckles does Howdy Doody have on his face?
1 Name the product that is `` at your grocer 's , at your fingertips . ''
5 How much in miles is a ten K run ?
3 Which autobiography of the actress is Shelley: Also known as Shirley?
3 Who was the inventor of the stove ?
3 Who collects data in tourism?
5 How long has it been since Roe was tried by the Supreme Court against Wade?
5 How long does it take different materials to decompose ?
1 What nutrients are for healthy bones and teeth ?
0 What was the infamous feat of Germany 's U-2 submarine ?
5 How long does it take to travel from Tokyo to Niigata?
4 What city is found in the city of OZ ?
0 What's he doing now?
3 Who was the first governor of West Virginia?
5 When was the NFL established?
5 When was the Congress of Vienna ?
4 What Asian country has a bill of rights for cows ?
5 How many spears are there on Kenya 's flag ?
5 How many lakes are there on the Earth ?
3 What was the name of the Confederate guerrilla group that Jesse James and Coleman Younger rode with?
5 What is the length of border between the Ukraine and Russia ?
0 Why are electric cars less efficient in the northeast than in California ?
4 Where does the song Everything Goes take place?
5 What is President Nixon 's birthdate ?
0 What is an ecological niche ?
5 What fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?
3 What team did Babe Ruth play his first major league game for ?
0 How do you address a Chinese person?
5 How much is the minimum wage?
5 How long do flies live?
0 How is a hydrogen bomb different from a nuclear bomb?
1 What is a fear of bright light?
5 What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso, Texas?
4 What is the next G2 Spectrum Yellow Dwarf of Earth?
0 What is the difference between a fruit and a vegetable?
0 What is the difference between Neoclassical art and Romanticism art ?
3 Who is Desmond Tutu?
4 What New York City landmark has 168 steps to its crown?
2 What is the correct way to abbreviate cc. at the bottom of a business letter ?
1 What did Mr. Magoo flog on TV for General Electric ?
1 What software offers inventors the use of CAD -like design?
2 What is the abbreviation for micro ?
0 What about the Millennium Bug?
1 Jude Law was in what movie?
0 How do you ask a total stranger out on a date ?
3 Which major airline has the best safety record in the world?
0 Why do men snore ?
4 What famed wall supports the Badaling turret ?
5 In what year was the actress Joan Collins born?
5 How many bones are there in the human hand?
3 Who replies `` I know '' to Princess Leia 's confession `` I love you '' in The Empire Strikes Back ?
3 Who produces Spumante ?
1 What is the Islamic equivalent of the Red Cross ?
5 How big is the biggest Akita?
1 What relative of the racoon is sometimes known as the cat-bear ?
1 What alloys are copper and tin?
0 What is a philanthropist ?
1 From which paper was the end of the XVI. ==References ====External links ==
1 What kind of nuts are used in marzipan ?
0 What did Richard Feynman say upon hearing he would receive the Nobel Prize in Physics ?
4 Which Peruvian city is home to the mummified body of Francisco Pizaro?
0 What is the origin of thanksgiving?
3 The name of the actor who played the detective in the movie Kindergarten Cop, is what?
4 What were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ?
1 What's the name of the vaccine for chickenpox?
5 What are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
0 What is a pyrotechnic display ?
3 What department store heir is responsible for raising a three-ton safe from the underwater wreckage of the Andrea Doria ?
5 How much caffeine is in a 16 -ounce cup of coffee?
3 What singer sings `` Oh Boy '' ?
1 What film ends with the line : `` This is Mrs. Norman Maine '' ?
4 What mountains lie between the Arkansas and Missouri rivers ?
3 What architect originated the glass house designed the Chicago Federal Center had a philosophy of `` less is more , '' and produced plans that were the forerunner of the California ranch house ?
0 How is the Supreme Court of the United States different, Judge Thurgood Marshall?
1 What kind of suit was the real Hepcats wearing in 1942?
4 What is the largest island in the Mediterranean?
5 What is the temperature today ?
0 How can I enforce new rules to a group of youngsters who have been allowed to do as they please .
5 How old is Bernadette Peters ?
5 How much does the President get paid ?
5 How long before your blood makes a complete journey through the body?
5 How many characters makes up a word for typing test purposes ?
0 What do Mormons believe ?
1 What is a fear of sleep ?
3 Who donated the toys to the Doodyville orphanage fund and kept them for themselves?
4 What Asian city boasts the largest bowling alley in the world?
0 What does idling mean?
5 How many kinds of skunks are there?
5 How many equal sides are there on a scalene triangle ?
5 How many countries export coffee?
1 What TV show did John Sebastian sing the theme for?
3 Who is Prince Naseem Hamed ?
1 What did the crocodile swallow in Peter Pan ?
5 How much does one ton of cement cost ?
1 What was spawned the term `` MiG Alley '' ?
4 What city is Kentucky Horse Park near?
3 Who was the conservationist who served as spokesperson for Post Grape Nuts ?
0 What can I do to get into an Ivy League school?
1 Name one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World .
3 What did the seven dwarves do for a living?
0 What is the Milky Way?
3 What costume designer decided that Michael Jackson should only wear one glove ?
4 What lake is the source of the White Nile ?
3 Who is William Wordsworth ?
0 What are the environmental impacts on plant genetics?
4 Which country borders Denmark in the south?
0 What is the history of Hot Wheels cars , and how are they produced ?
3 What was Thatcher's first name?
0 What does the word opera mean?
4 Where is Amsterdam?
5 In what year did Hitler gain power over Germany?
1 Which Italian liner was hijacked in 1985?
0 What does verdandi mean ?
5 How big is a quarter?
0 How come a doughnut has a hole in it ?
1 What ocean liner burned and sank in Hong Kong harbor ?
3 Which college has produced the most successful Super Bowl quarterback?
5 When was the first American encyclopedia published?
1 What novel did Ian Fleming introduce James Bond in ?
5 When did they sanctify the Bible?
3 Who founded the modern theory of probability ?
5 How many Jews were executed in concentration camps during World War II?
0 How do microwaves work?
4 In Sinclair Lewis ``Main Street,''what was the name of the typical American city?
2 What does the `` c '' stand for in the equation E=mc2 ?
4 What constellation is a hunter with a cross and shield?
4 What U.S. city was named for St. Francis of Assisi ?
1 What was the worst hurricane ?
5 How much did Alaska cost when bought from Russia ?
1 What is the world 's best selling cookie ?
1 What is the usual name for acetylsalicylic acid?
4 What city boasts Penn's Landing on the banks of Delaware?
0 Define Sense Fine.
0 What causes the redness in your cheeks when you blush ?
3 What's the only Dick Tracy villain that appears three times?
2 What does R.E.M. stand for , as in the rock group R.E.M. ?
1 What is the smallest thing seen under the most powerful microscope , and how big is it ?
1 What 's the main vegetable in vichyssoise ?
3 Who was considered the father of psychology?
1 What sign is the water carrier, the zodiac sign for?
1 What color is the lipstick on the wax lips of Boy George in the London Madame Tussaud?
5 When did President Kennedy , Lee Harvey Oswald , and Jack Ruby all die ?
4 Where is Procter & Gamble headquartered in the U.S. ?
4 What planet would you visit to see Bebrenia, Arcadia and Amazons?
1 What kind of education would you need to become an athletic trainer for the NFL ?
1 What 's the term for a bet before cards are dealt ?
1 What racehorse won an Associated Press poll as the greatest horse of the 20th century ?
1 What was the name of Betty Boop 's dog ?
1 What did Jimmy Stewart invent ?
3 Who was Whitcomb Judson ?
4 What state full of milk and honey was the destination in The Grapes of Wrath ?
0 What is the definition of a cascade?
1 What's the only gland in people who can regenerate themselves?
4 What lake in Scotland is said to hold one or more monsters ?
0 How does it make its colors ?
4 What are the top five tallest buildings in the world?
5 What chapter of Gone with the Wind has Rhett Butler leaving Scarlett O 'Hara ?
0 How does the movie blues screen work?
4 What Italian city of 155 were Leonardo da Vinci, Michaelangelo and Machiavelli all in?
3 What is the name of the American swimmer who won seven gold medals in the 1972 Olympics ?
5 How many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ?
3 Who's the fastest swimmer in the world?
3 What stuffed TV character was born in Baghdad?
3 Who was elected the first black chairman of the military chiefs of staff?
1 What poem contains the line , `` grow old with me the best is yet to be '' .
3 What organization has a Security Council ?
1 What is the word for love of pain or abuse ?
1 What D.H. Lawrence novel was originally titled Tenderness ?
4 What is the smallest country in Africa?
5 How many questions do you have on your database ?
1 Where is the human skin least sensitive ?
4 Which U.S. state registers the smallest rainfall?
1 What is a fear of movement?
3 Who was Samuel Johnson's friend and biographer?
3 Who was the actor who played Sam in the movie Casablanca ?
5 What does each of the utilities cost in Monopoly?
3 What are the names of two old men who appear on the Muppet Show?
5 How many people in the USA say their number one source of information is the newspaper ?
5 How many kinds of lemurs are there?
0 What is "alternative" more?
5 What percentage did Thatcher like after a decade in power?
0 What are the Baltic States ?
1 What is considered to be the most cost -effective disaster the insurance industry has ever faced?
3 Who is Charles Lindbergh ?
4 What is the U.S. location of Procter & Gamble corporate offices ?
0 What is the origin of the word trigonometry?
2 What does CPR mean?
0 How do storms form?
3 Who has Friz Freleng added to the Warner Bros. Cartoon racks?
4 In which building are British monarchs crowned?
5 How many films are made by the major studios in a year ?
5 How many months does a normal human pregnancy last ?
0 How did the war of 1812 affect Delaware ?
3 What Japanese manufacturer is known for both its pianos and its motorcycles ?
4 Where is Erykah Badu originally from?
4 What country is the setting for Edgar Allan Poe 's The Pit and the Pendulum ?
5 When is a woman most fertile ?
5 How many people died on the South Carolina Highways in the 1998's?
5 How long did it take Stanley to find Livingstone ?
5 What are the odds that at least two out of 25 people have the same birthday?
3 Who is the composer of ``Canon in D Major''?
5 How many Grooves are there for a penny?
1 What is the lens behind the iris in the eye called ?
0 What does a red flag mean when racing cars?
5 When was Dubai 's first concrete house built ?
4 What is the capital of Kosovo ?
3 Whose cover is that of an employee of Universal Import and Export ?
3 Who was the Charlie perfume woman ?
0 What are boxcars ?
0 Why do people get calluses?
3 Who created the character James Bond?
0 How do I balance my social security account?
0 What does Semper Fidelis mean?
1 What rum is so `` mixable '' it is a one-brand bar ?
3 What `` marvelous '' major-league baseball player is now a spokesman for a beer company ?
5 How many shots can an M16 hold?
1 What Russian novel embracing more the 5 characters is set in the Napoleonic Wars ?
3 What French designer declared : `` The jean is the destructor ! It is a dictator ! It is destroying creativity. The jean must be stopped ! '' ?
3 Who was the first person to study the stars ?
3 What is `` the airline built for professional travelers '' ?
0 Why does a candle go out when we blow on it ?
0 Why does the plane crash or slide down?
1 What are the titles of some R-Rated Sony Playstation games ?
1 What kind of science is cosmology ?
4 What is the fastest growing state in the U.S.A. in 1998 ?
4 What were the first bodies visited by spacecraft ?
0 What are a baseball team 's firemen ?
4 Where is Tornado Alley?
5 How many acres in a mile ?
0 What impact do nitrates have on the environment?
1 What TV show was on January 15, 1981?
3 What President hit the jogging paths to enhance his athletic image and , sporting No. 39 , almost collapsed during the road race ?
3 Which athlete makes the most money selling sports goods?
3 Who won the first World Series?
1 What are some of Australia's native flora?
0 What is Sense Fine?
4 Where did the Mayans live?
1 What cocktail inspired John Doxat to write the book Stirred-Not Shaken ?
0 How can you contact play producers and promoters on-line ?
3 What was the Ventura County Police Department that seized the largest amount of cocaine?
4 Which emerging U.S. state boasts most airports?
0 How do I find a city if I have the local code?
1 What kind of mammal is a colt ?
1 What is a 2-sided object called ?
0 What is pasta ?
3 Who discovered imaginary numbers ?
3 Which New York Yankee was known as the Iron Horse?
4 Which country has the most time zones with 11?
0 What is tumbled marble ?
1 What Don McLean song laments the day Buddy Holly died ?
5 How many centimeters over six meters is Milo's Venus?
0 What is a dangling participle ?
0 How does the food colour affect your taste?
5 In what year were the Olympics played, in which Nadia Comaneci became popular?
0 What is the difference between hair and fur ?
1 What is a fear of gravity ?
3 Who did the Seven Mules block for ?
2 What does the word LASER mean ?
0 What is the purpose of the SysRq key on my computer keyboard ?
3 In Dana's Two Years Before The Mast, which sailors lived in an abandoned furnace on the beach of San Diego?
4 What are the capital cities of the two large countries that occupy the Iberian peninsula in Europe ?
3 Which female suspect in the clue game is single?
5 What 's the maximum length , in inches , of a first baseman 's glove ?
1 What is the fastest commercial car you can buy in the USA?
5 What is the American dollar equivalent for eight pounds in the UK?
3 Who is always trying to get the rent from Andy Capp ?
0 How can I write for television?
3 What dates did Richard Nixon's secretary put in jail?
1 What is the West Virginia state animal ?
1 What soft drink not only has its own video game , but was featured in its own Marvel comic book ?
0 How do you write a correct critical analysis of a poem ?
5 When was the last time Mount St. Helen had a big outbreak?
4 What was the only country you were allowed to drive into Israel from in 1979 ?
1 What plant is rum made from ?
4 Where can I find book reviews of `` Turbulent Souls '' ?
0 Why do some people have two different colors?
3 Who patented the first phonograph ?
1 What is the name of David Letterman 's dog ?
0 What's a sponge?
5 What is the chemical reactivity of helium ?
0 What is thermal equilibrium ?
3 Who is the famous sister of actress Olivia De Havilland ?
3 What is Steve Rogers 's profession when he 's not Captain America ?
0 How can I find online spelling ?
4 Which county is Chicago?
1 What is a fear of machinery ?
3 Who's Snoopy with the arch enemy?
1 What is one of the languages of the Sioux?
3 What attorneys work for The Center for the Defense of Free Enterprise ?
3 Name a ballet company Mikhail Baryshnikov has danced for ?
0 What is thalassaemia?
3 Who founded the People 's Temple Commune ?
1 What British television series did Emma Peel contain?
0 What does Las Vegas mean ?
0 What is amezaiku ?
3 Who was Bonnie Blue Butler with her father?
0 What have you not let a tennis ball do if you volley ?
4 What city did the Flintstones live in?
4 Which hotel in Las Vegas burned in November, 1980's, with the loss of 84 lives?
4 Where was Pythagoras born?
0 Why are there 12 people on a jury in criminal cases ?
1 What are close encounters of the first and second kind?
3 Which college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball at ?
5 How many Americans own their houses?
5 What are the chances of having twins?
4 What nationality were the 123 people who died in the Black Hole of Calcutta ?
3 Who built a boat out of strawberry?
0 What do Caroll Baker , Tammy Grimes , Debbie Reynolds , and Judy Garland all have in common ?
5 What day of the week was July 13th?
0 What will happen when sodium is put in water ?
5 When was Richard Nixon born?
1 What is the English translation for the word `` caliente '' ?
0 What is osteichthyes?
4 What is the largest museum in the world?
3 Who played the Ringo Kid in the 1939th movie Stagecoach?
1 What scares a phobe?
0 Why does cotton get caught in belly buttons ?
4 Where are zebras most likely found ?
3 Whose autobiography is Yes I Can?
1 What format was the major competition of VHS ?
0 What is the difference between pop music and rock and roll ?
5 When was the first practical commercial typewriter marketed ?
1 What song was the final theme of the Johnny Cash Show?
0 What is the meaning of UOL?
0 What is Margaret Thatcher known for ?
0 How can I get an email address from someone?
3 Which English playwright wrote, "Where the bee sucks, so shall I?"
3 What group kidnaped Patricia Hearst ?
3 What apostle is Taylor Caldwell 's Great Lion of God ?
4 What country borders the most others ?
0 What is a Caldera?
5 What year did Charles Dicken die?
3 Which National League baseball team has established 72 third base in its first two seasons?
1 What kind of wine is Spumante ?
1 What kind of sport has Slotbacks, backrests and Touchpacks?
4 What island group is Guadalcanal a part of ?
4 In what city does Maurizio Pellegrin now live ?
1 Where is the human skin least sensitive?
1 What's the name of Jacques Cousteau's research vessel?
0 How is bubble film produced?
5 What is the size of the student body at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst ?
0 How did the Great Depression affect Japan 's history ?
4 Where can I read about Abraham Lincoln?
1 In what 1965 movie did Jack Lemmon play a cartoonist?
1 What was the sequel to The Moon 's Balloon ?
3 What's Goldfinger's first name?
0 What is a nanometer ?
1 What's the taste that kills the others?
1 What species is a colt ?
4 Where was Helium first discovered, hence his name?
3 What hit song inspired the Dolly Parton Stallone movie Rhinstone?
4 What 's the sacred river of India ?
5 How hot should the oven be when Peachy Oat Muffins are made?
0 What's so powerful about power bars?
1 What were first used by John L. Sullivan and James J. Corbett in 1892 ?
0 What is the difference between the anus and the rectum ?
4 Which Tokyo street shines with famous department stores and nightclubs?
5 How far do you have to run when you hit a home run?
5 How much does it cost to have a tree planted by dialing , 900 , 740-TREE ?
0 What happened during the Blackhawk Indian War of 1832?
0 What features of the African elephant are larger than those of the Indian elephant ?
4 What Italian city of 155 were Leonardo da Vinci , Michaelangelo , and Machiavelli all working in ?
1 What was used for the painters Monet, Sisley, Pissarro, Renoir and Degas?
1 What is Nebraska State Tree?
0 Why is cotton caught in bellows?
0 What is the half -life of P -32?
0 What is Toulmin logic ?
1 What 1915 film was the first to gross $5 million ?
0 What does `` intractable plantar keratoma '' mean ?
0 What's a Devo hat?
5 When does Wee Willie Winkie run through town?
3 Who delivered his last newscast on March 6 , 1981 ?
5 How many spaces follow a period at the end of a sentence?
0 What is Multimedia?
3 What barroom judge called himself The Law West of the Pecos ?
0 Why did the Anglican church split from the Vatican ?
4 Where is the statistical summary of the United States online?
3 What was American folk hero John Chapman 's nickname ?
3 What company does Madonna recruit for?
3 Who 's the only U.S. president to have won a Pulitzer Prize ?
0 What is proposition 98 about ?
5 What is a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise?
3 Who made a boat out of gopher wood ?
4 Which two countries of South America are internal?
4 What California desert is called High Desert?
4 What country did the Mau Mau Uprising take place in ?
0 What is the definition of ` graphic details ' ?
5 What is the approximate population of Las Vegas , N.M ?
1 What animal has the best hearing ?
5 When did the royal wedding of Prince Andrew and Fergie take place?
3 What kind of organization is "Last Chance for Animals"?
0 How did Asia get its name?
4 Which is the richest country in the world?
3 Who claims to have the greatest show on earth ?
3 What mythical figure carries an hourglass and a scythe ?
1 What are the top vegetable crops in the world ?
5 How many shillings more than two were in one Guinea?
4 Where can I find the lyrics for the song ` Getting Married Today ' from the musical ` Company ' ?
1 What is the brand name of daminozide ?
0 How can I find a list of -, fax - and e -mail addresses for the Massachusetts Personnel Department?
0 What is the difference and advantages of choosing a Super VHS VCR compared to a normal VHS model?
0 How can I find out which cities have cable modem access?
4 What country contains the westernmost point in South America ?
1 What color is an Arctic fox in winter ?
3 What was the name of the American helicopter pilot who was shot down over North Korea?
0 What is ` Last Chance for Animals ' ?
1 What book by Lewis Carroll did Humpty Dumpty present to the world?
5 How many votes does it take to win the presidency?
4 What continent 's second-highest peak is Mont Blanc ?
3 What is the name of the star of the cooking show, Galopp Gourmet?
0 Why did the Globe Theatre burn down ?
0 How do you stop junk snail mail ?
1 What is a fear of birth?
1 What Morris West novel deals with Russian bishop who becomes Pope ?
0 Why do recipe books recommend to start with cold water when cooking something?
1 What song brought James Taylor into the spotlight?
2 What does ` PSI ' stand for ?
3 Who is the leader of Brunei ?
0 How do you clean an LCD screen?
3 What baseball team was routinely called `` dem bums '' by its frustrated fans ?
1 What is state tree of Nebraska ?
0 What is the origin of `` Beauty is in the eye of the beholder '' ?
3 Silly putty was invented by whom ?
4 What's the tallest building in New York City?
4 In which ocean did the Titanic sink?
4 Which country has Cawdor Castle, Glamis Castle and Blair Castle?
3 Who won a Pulitzer Prize for his novel The Caine Mutiny ?
2 What does BMW stand for?
4 Where can one find Rider College ?
3 Who gave Abbie Hoffman his first dose of LSD?
0 What do Christian Scientists believe in ?
4 Where do I find the best free evidence for the discussion about Russia?
4 What is the setting for Puccini's Opera La Boheme?
0 What did Suzy Parker do to earn $1.000 in the early 50s?
3 What businesses in Alaska were affected by the Exxon Valdez oil spill ?
5 When did Fraze get his first patent for the pull-tab can ?
4 Where is the Danube ?
4 What is the principal river of Ireland ?
1 What does an imaginary eidologist look for after the existence of?
0 What do I need to do to take my dog with me to live in Dominica , West Indies for a year ?
1 What did Aaron Hass write?
5 How much money did the Marcos steal from their country?
0 Why were Shea and Gould's L.A. offices closed?
5 When did World War I start ?
1 What is the connection between New Krypton and Daxam ?
1 What is the highest possible offer in Contract Bridge?
4 Where did the Maya people live ?
0 What was the Vietnam War?
0 How do you do that?
4 The Orange Bowl is in what city?
1 What are new computer games for Windows 95 or 98?
0 What is a wart ?
1 What bombardment of 1966 has brought astronauts back in prehistoric times?
3 Who took over the leadership of the Boston Pops after Arthur Fiedler's long reign?
1 What kind of document did President Andrew Johnson want to place a copy under his head at his funeral?
5 When did Muhammad live?
1 What is the term for limestone storage rising from the bottom of a cave?
1 What are pushed and coupled in hump yards ?
0 What is the origin of the word `` amen '' ?
4 What is Mark McGwire 's e-mail address ?
3 Who sings the song `` Drink to me with thine eyes '' by Ben Johnson ?
5 When did French revolutionaries storm the Bastille ?
1 What 's an infant seal called ?
4 Where's the official zero of the sea level?
4 Jackson Pollock was a native of what country ?
1 What were Richard Nixon's achievements?
0 What is the spread of nuclear weapons?
5 What is the approximate weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole ?
5 In what year did Thatcher gain power?
5 How many shots can a stock M16 hold ?
1 What is the main ingredient of yogurt ?
5 How long do the cardinals hatch?
4 Which state was called Green Mountain State?
4 What German city do the Italians call Monaco of Bavaria?
4 What are the names of the tourist attractions in Reims ?
4 What is the highest summit in Africa?
1 What do the French call La Manche ?
0 What is D.B. Cooper known for ?
5 What time of year do most people fly?
3 What role does Nathan Hamill play in the new Star Wars Prequel?
5 Of children between the ages of two and eleven , what percentage watch `` The Simpsons '' ?
3 Which President also became a Supreme Court judge?
4 What two countries are separated by the Bering Strait ?
5 What season does a local activity normally take place?
1 What line of candy products included Super Skrunch and Peanut Butter Oompas ?
1 What colour do good Rhine wines come in?
5 What's President Nixon's birthday?
0 Why didn 't European colonial rule spread until after the first and second industrial revolutions ?
1 What is the term for the side of the mountain facing the prevailing winds?
0 What is a nanometer?
4 What are the biggest breweries in the world?
1 What cocktail do you concoct with whisky and sweet vermouth ?
5 How many people died when Estonia sank in the 1994?
5 How many objects orbit the Earth ?
1 What is the longest English word that can be formed using just the first row of letters on a typewriter ?
3 Who is the creator of `` The Muppets '' ?
1 What is Dr. Seuss ' most popular book ?
3 What culture has Potlatch developed?
3 Who used to make cars with rotary engines ?
0 Why is it called `` hamburger '' if there is no ham in it ?
0 What is the backdrop of John Le Carre'A Small Town in Germany?
1 What's the best way to lose the flab under your chin and your face?
5 When is President Nixon 's birthday ?
4 Where is the bridge over the River Kwai?
3 Name the two youngsters saved by the animated Moby Dick .
3 Who accompanied Space Ghost on his missions?
3 What presidential administration challenged Americans to explore The New Frontier ?
1 What's a fear of robbers?
0 What was the `` Dead Man 's Hand '' ?
5 What was Joe Namath 's first contract worth ?
4 Where does Mother Angelica live?
1 What is the best-selling television soundtrack of all time ?
0 How do you recognize anorexia?
4 What river flows past the Temple of Karnak ?
1 What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California?
0 What do Inuit and Eskimo mean?
0 What is the origin of blue for boys and pink for girls?
3 Who were the `` filthiest people alive ? ''
0 How is the element strontium purified ?
3 Which member of the Micronauts spent one year traveling the Microverse to Marvel Comics?
1 What Kevin Costner movie is the Sioux Indians in?
0 Why do n't you guys have some sort of contest where you ask a question and whoever finds the answers wins a prize ?
0 How do you make a paintball?
1 What does a philatelist collect?
3 Who were the only two bald U.S. Presidents ?
5 What is the chemical reactivity of argon?
3 Who created Big Ben ?
0 Why was Washington , DC originally called District of Columbia ?
0 What is the federal income tax?
1 What movie did Steven Spielberg direct in 1975 ?
3 What is Nicholas Cage's profession?
5 At what time of year is air transport the hardest?
3 Who was shot in the back during a Poker game in Deadwood , the Dakota territory ?
4 Where can I buy a good snowboard for less than 200?
0 What's a short barrel?
0 What's a compass doing in space?
4 What kind of a noise did Olympia miss, Washington?
0 What made the Finger Lakes in western New York state ?
0 What is the difference between classical conditioning and operant conditioning ?
3 Who is the president of the Spanish government ?
3 Who made the most appearances in the center square on Hollywood Squares ?
2 What does `` B.Y.O.B. '' mean ?
5 How many records does each player have in a four -handed game of Crokinole?
1 Stuart Hammlen is considered the first singing cowboy of what medium?
3 Who became the nickname "The Little Corporal"?
3 Who was the lawyer who represented Randy Steven Craft ?
1 What is widely used to detect prenatal birth defects ?
4 Where is the Smithsonian Institute located ?
3 Who created Private Investigator Philip Marlowe?
4 Where did cable cars first roll down Clay Street in 1873 ?
5 How many stations do you shoot from in the basketball game `` Around the World '' ?
5 How many black men served in the Vietnam War?
4 What country 's flag is field green ?
4 What city contains the district of Hell 's Kitchen ?
5 How many teats does a female goat sport ?
1 What is Nike's mission?
0 What is Candlemas Day?
4 Where are large teaching materials for parents and teachers?
5 How much folic acid should a pregnant woman get each day ?
0 Why are the rooftops in Canada green ?
3 What Japanese electronics company was named after a coastal town northeast of Tokyo?
1 What international amateur sports spectacle was broadcast for the first time in 1956?
1 Name the disposable razor that `` costs about 19 cents . ''
5 How many guys play the game in Winslow Homer's 1872 painting Snap the Whip?
5 When were camcorders introduced in Malaysia?
5 What time of day did Emperor Hirohito die ?
3 What girl 's name is `` Teddy '' an affectionate form of ?
5 When is the Tulip Festival in Michigan ?
0 What does "insoluble Plantar Keratoma" mean?
4 What is a reliable site that I can download Heretic 2 ?
0 What are some children 's rights ?
0 What's "the washed vodka"?
3 What was the name of the Leslie Hornby model?
4 Which state in the United States covers the largest area?
0 How does one correctly pronounce ` qigong ' ?
5 When were fish first believed to be found on earth ?
4 Where to find information on Queensland's national competition policy
2 What does U.S.S.R. stand for ?
4 What is the capital of Burkina Faso?
4 Where is Tornado Alley ?
0 What is the history of Valentine 's Day cards ?
3 Who are the presidents of Mexico and Indonesia ?
0 What were the causes of the Civil War ?
4 Where can I find all the information I need to know about the English Civil War , 1642-1649 , ?
5 How many bytes are in a terabyte ?
0 What are the differences between 1980 and 1990?
3 Who appointed the chair of the Federal Reserve ?
5 What phone number can I call to plant a tree?
1 What is the organizational structure of the New Delhi Indira Gandhi airport ?
5 How many cubic feet of space does a gallon of water occupy ?
0 What is Java ?
0 What is viscosity?
0 Why are there Braille things on the ATMs people drive through?
1 What kind of weapons were used in Medieval warfare ?
0 What characteristics of the African elephant are greater than those of the Indian elephant?
0 In My Antonia, how is Mr. Shishita out of place?
4 What is the largest county in size in Massachusetts ?
1 What kind of hunting are retrievers used for?
3 Who was Hitler 's minister of propaganda ?
1 What is saliva?
0 How is cologne made ?
3 What are the first names of the famous husband-and-wife acting team of Lunt and Fontanne ?
0 What is `` Vocal Sampling '' ?
4 What is the Internet address of the list of email addresses of members of the House of Representatives?
3 What diamond producer controls about 80% of the world 's diamonds ?
4 What Russian seaport has a name that means "Lord of the East"?
3 What is the most common name in children's rhymes?
3 What role do fruits play in plant survival?
4 What is the deepest area of the Arctic Ocean ?
0 What is a portal?
3 Who was Confucius?
3 What two baseball players make up the battery ?
4 What are some mythology websites ?
1 What does saliva consist of ?
0 What is the difference between a generator and an alternator ?
1 What does the method called `` cold fusion '' create ?
5 When did Israel start handing over the Gaza Strip and Jericho to the PLO?
3 Who sells Viagra?
1 What is chronic constipation a symptom of ?
3 Who declared : `` I am down on whores and I shan 't stop ripping them '' ?
4 What South American capital is the world 's highest ?
4 In what U.S. state was the first woman governor elected ?
3 Which Rockefeller was sometimes called `` JDR3 '' ?
1 What 's the symbol for the zodiacal sign Gemini ?
1 What was the biggest factor in keeping North American cars off the streets during World War II?
0 What is Troilism?
1 What scale measures earthquakes ?
5 When was the first Barbie produced ?
1 Which leg does a cat move with its left front leg when walking - its left rear or right rear leg ?
3 What did Andy Hardy 's father do for a living ?
4 What state is the Filenes Store in?
4 Which countries are linked by the Brenner Pass?
4 What city in Southern California is named after a figure that was famous by Edgar Rice Burroughs?
1 What `` little red car '' is mentioned in pop singer Prince 's hit song ?
1 What did Woody Allen call the Japanese gangster movie, which he synchronized as a comedy in English?
5 How many children under 18 are victims of some sort of Physical Abuse each year ?
1 Which D.H. Lawrence Roman was originally called Tenderness?
1 What is the name of the dog on the Cracker Jack box ?
3 Who invented the stock broker in 1870's?
1 What was George Washington afraid of ?
1 What then-derogatory term was applied to the painters Monet , Sisley , Pissarro , Renoir and Degas ?
3 Who killed more people , Hitler or Stalin ?
5 How old is the universe?
5 How many were present at the last supper?
4 What mountain range extends from the Gulf of St. Lawrence to Alabama ?
3 What king boycotted Prince Charles's wedding?
1 What is the one thing you need before you can purchase life insurance ?
1 What is the correct way to use `` may '' vs. `` might '' ?
0 What excuse did the NATO people give for hitting the Chinese embassy ?
1 What are some tips for building a fire in the fireplace?
0 Who likes James Bond's martinis?
3 What Pope inaugurated Vatican International Radio ?
2 What does JESSICA mean?
4 Where is the Danube?
5 How big is our galaxy in diameter?
4 Where do the adventures of the Swiss Robinson family take place?
4 Where do hyenas live?
3 What mysterious U.S. vice president was once accused of treason and acquitted in a conspiracy to build his own independent empire in the West?
0 What is the Bernoulli Principle ?
5 What is the goat population of the world ?
0 What was the verdict in the 1925 trial of John T. Scopes ?
3 Who created Maudie Frickett ?
4 What 's the largest island in the West Indies ?
0 How was the ACLU formed ?
0 How do you exterminate bees that are in the walls of your home ? Will bee eggs remain over winter ?
1 What Jewish holiday saw the start of the 1973 Mideast War ?
3 Who broke the sound barrier first?
1 What's the fear of being loved?
0 What's the difference between the anus and the rectum?
0 How do I impress a guy ?
3 Which football team did O.J. Simpson take to the Rose Bowl?
0 What is a nematode ?
1 Which magazine paid Ernest Hemingway $15 a word to write a bullfight article?
0 What is artificial intelligence ?
1 What is the term describing a word in which only one use has been recorded in all literature?
3 Who was the last woman executed in England?
5 How hot should the oven be when making Peachy Oat Muffins ?
1 What is the best cookie in the world?
1 What is a fear of fur ?
0 What 's the difference between TFT and dual-scan display ?
4 Where was Tesla born?
4 What is the capital of Uruguay?
0 What 's the claim to fame of night watchman Frank Wills ?
1 What is the mascot for Notre Dame University ?
4 What country comes last in an alphabetical list ?
1 What movie made the most money?
3 Who was the author of the book about computer hackers called `` The Cuckoo 's Egg : Tracking a Spy Through the Maze of Computer Espionage '' ?
4 Where is Guam ?
1 What do you call a Poker hand with five cards of the same suit ?
4 Where's Guam?
5 How big was the animated Frankenstein
5 How long have Shea and Gould practiced law in Los Angeles?
5 How old is singer Freedy Johnston?
4 What is the leading pecan and peanut cultivation?
4 Where did the sport of roping come from?
1 What Tom Wolfe book is about the Mercury astronauts ?
0 What are the filmmakers collaborative about?
3 What did the President of the United States dream of being murdered?
3 Which one of the original seven Mercury program astronauts did not fly on any of the Mercury flights ?
4 What were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ?
1 What color Poker chip is usually assigned the lowest value ?
1 What Boris Pasternak book sells 5,0 copies to the fiction bestseller of 1958?
1 What was the education system in the 1960s?
1 What kind of training do I need to be a flight attendant?
0 What's a male cuckquean?
0 Shea and Gould closed their offices in Los Angeles for what reason?
1 What are the 10 plagues of Egypt ?
5 How many corners does a spritsail have ?
1 What Broadway musical was inspired by Cervantes 's Don Quixote ?
1 What's a beer bear?
0 What's Remembrance Day all about?
4 What is the largest and most expensive motorway project in the USA?
1 What non-alcoholic syrup is made from pomegranate juice ?
0 How do they produce vitamins ?
1 What's the name of a golf course in Myrtle Beach?
0 What is the difference between a median and a median?
0 What's a Bourdon tube?
4 What country was Mikhail Gorbachev the leader of ?
1 What sport can a free-legged pacer compete in ?
3 Who holds the career record for most major league home runs?
3 What college produced the most winning Super Bowl quarterbacks ?
5 How many colonies were involved in the American Revolution ?
0 What happened in dogtown in 1899 to make that year remembered ?
5 What is the current population in these countries: France, Spain, Italy, Greece, Austria, Germany, Switzerland, Netherlands?
4 Where can I find Mozambique?
0 What is the origin of the word `` mind '' ?
5 What does 7847+5943 equal ?
3 Who portrayed Prewett in From Here to Eternity ?
0 How can I find a list of , fax and or email , addresses for human resource departments in Massachusetts ?
1 What is the name of the medical condition in which a baby is born without a brain ?
1 What are some of the significant historical events of the 1990s?
3 Who is the richest person in the world , without owning a business ?
5 How many innings are there in a regulated softball game?
1 What is the longest English word?
0 What is `` bloodhound '' ?
4 What 's the only East european country not tied to the ruble ?
1 What was the name of the computer in 2001: A Space Odyssey?
5 How much would a black and white 1 -cent stamp be worth, Thomas Jefferson?
1 Which magazine paid $5,000 for an eight -millimeter film by John F. Kennedy's murder?
4 What famous landscape is a 15 -minute boat ride through the Venetian lagoon of Venice?
3 Who was the bandleader mentor of Ella Fitzgerald with whom she cowrote `` A_Tisket , A-Tasket '' ?
3 Who headed Hitler 's infamous Gestapo ?
5 How wide is the Atlantic Ocean ?
3 Name Pittsburgh 's baseball team .
4 What is the largest U.S. city on the Great Lakes?
3 Who is Malaysia with the 43rd Prime Minister?
4 Which is the fifth largest country in the world?
0 What is the difference between a preface and a foreword ?
1 Which book is the follow -up to Future Shock?
3 Which college revives Hanover, New Hampshire?
0 How do I know how much money to save for retirement ?
1 What powdered soft drink mix went into space ?
3 What President was meant for , but never placed in , the empty crypt beneath the capital 's rotunda ?
4 Where is Logan Airport ?
1 What are the three ways in which wind rises on Earth?
3 Which U.S. President was the first to raise mules?
1 What scale measures earthquakes?
1 What colors make up a rainbow ?
4 Where do I get information about custody records for the state of Utah?
1 What William Makepeace Thackeray novel was made into a film by Stanley Kubrick ?
0 How did people react to the idea of the first millennium?
0 What's an Earthman?
3 Who makes the software, ```PhotoShop'?
0 What is the Kashmir issue ?
1 What chemicals are used for the lethal injection?
1 In Hemingway "Old Man and the Sea" what kind of fish does the old man catch?
1 Which whisky is called "known" by the company?
3 What two New York Yankee pitchers swapped wives and families ?
3 What is Jimmy Olsen 's full name ?
1 What movie was Jude Law in?
5 How many Beatles' records went "(3)"?
3 Who invented the fax machine ?
5 On what day did the Iraqis launch their attack on Kuwait?
5 How long did Shea and Gould practice law in Los Angeles ?
4 What river flows through Vienna , Budapest and Belgrade ?
1 What is the most advanced handheld computer in the world?
4 What celestial body has a diameter of 864 , 000 miles ?
3 Which of the following celebrities was not born in Philadelphia ?
0 What is the difference between New York-style and Chicago-style pizza ?
3 Whom does Uncle Duke 's girl friend , Honey , room with ?
0 What is D.B. Cooper known for?
1 What did Dan Aykroyd and John Belushi leave to go live Saturday night?
5 When did Spielberg direct "Jaws"?
3 What's the discjockey's name, Wolfman Jack?
3 Who invented the Moog Synthesizer?
4 Which state produces the best lobster for dinner?
0 What is the distinction of Erle Stanley Gardner 's The Case of the Terrified Typist ?
0 Colin Powell is famous for what?
4 What is the tallest mountain ?
5 How old is the universe ?
3 What National Basketball Association superstar told his story in Giant Steps ?
3 Whose video is Shape Up with Arnold?
5 When did Spain and Korea establish ambassador relations?
3 Who lives at 39 Stone Canyon Way ?
5 How much coke is drunk in one day?
3 What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Steven Craft ?
1 What part of your body contains the corpus callosum ?
5 What is the result of a real baseball game?
1 What is the celtic symbol for `` life '' ?
0 What was the verdict in the trial of Lizzie Borden ?
3 What was the name of Frederick I, the Holy Roman Emperor and King of Germany?
5 How many logarithmic scales are there on a slide rule?
1 What does the Playboy call his "ongoing dialogue on current topics between Playboy and his readers"?
1 What are John C. Calhoun and Henry Clay?
4 Which sea lane connects the Mediterranean with the Atlantic?
4 Which U.S. state includes the San Juan Islands?
0 What is the recommended daily requirement for folic acid for pregnant women?
5 How many bends are there in a standard paper clip ?
5 How many hostages were killed in the Entebbe raid ?
0 How do you address a Chinese person ?
4 Where's the loop?
5 What time did Emperor Hirohito die?
0 What is molybdenum ?
5 How many points is a bullseye worth in darts?
3 What Asian leader was known as The Little Brown Saint ?
4 What is the highest mountain in New England?
3 Who are the Challengers of the Unknown ?
0 What is the Order of the Arrow in Boy Scouts ?
1 What is Mississippi's statesmanship?
4 Where's Burma?
5 What is the death toll of people dying from tuberculosis ?
0 What are you hearing when you put a seashell to your ear ?
4 Kentucky Horse Park is located in what vicinity?
4 What state 's home to the Buffalo Bill Historical Center ?
5 How old was George Washington when he died?
1 What did Louis Cartier invent for aviator Santos Dumont in 1940 ?
5 How many people died on D -day?
3 In what high-risk business venture did Jimmy the Greek bet and lose ?
0 How can I contact Michael Moore of ```Roger & Me''?
3 Who created the monster in Mary Shelley 's novel Frankenstein ?
5 How many web servers are there?
5 How old was Stevie Wonder when he signed up for Motown Records?
0 How can I find information about rice importers in the world?
4 What Russian seaport has a name meaning `` Lord of the East '' ?
3 What spirit of the President should haunt the White House?
3 What 's the name of Popeye 's adopted son ?
0 What is the difference between a generator and a generator?
1 What English word comes from the old French Covrefeu, meaning cover fire?
0 How is the element strontium purified ?
4 What country has the best defensive position in the board game Diplomacy ?
1 What was the first Lifesaver taste?
2 What is the abbreviation for "Limited Partnership"?
1 What is the medical term for cancer of the blood ?
1 What is the longest chemical name that consists of 35 letters?
0 What is typhus?
0 Colin Powell is best known for what achievement ?
1 What color bottles do good Rhine wines come in ?
0 What are the Twin Cities?
1 What are some translations of the phrase ``Thank you''''?
1 What is a softball?
4 What European country is home to the beer-producing city of Budweis ?
3 What dynasty star made their 2nd Century Fox debut at the Virgin Queen?
0 How do you throw an initiation party?
0 What was archy , and mehitabel ?
1 What was Edward Albee 's first full-length play ?
0 What is color ?
0 How do you ask questions?
0 What is time?
3 What was Michelangelo 's last name ?
4 What state was named the Green Mountain state ?
5 When did the American Civil War end ?
3 Who directed `` Jaws '' ?
1 What are `` darning needles '' and `` horse stingers '' better known as ?
3 What lawyer called himself the law west of Pecos?
0 How did Edith Bunker die ?
0 How can I get a French manicure?
1 What do goldfish lose if they are kept in dark or running water?
3 What cheerful guy got the ZIP code 9971 from U S Postal Service in 1963?
5 How many American actors have been nominated for the best actor Oscar for 1983?
0 How is bubble wrap made ?
3 Who wrote the poem that begins ``I love your lips when they are made of wine and red with a warm desire'''wet?
1 What do you call a group of geese ?
3 Name of heroine in `` Scruples '' ?
4 What South American city has exclusive Copacabana Beach and Ipanema?
0 What is making love?
3 What baseball team became the Minnesota Twins ?
3 Who was the supreme god of Germanic religion ?
5 What month of the year is there no TV in Iceland?
1 What four elements are 90 percent of the human body?
1 In which Tennessee Williams plays, is one of the characters killed and devoured by a gang of starving children?
5 How many people live in cities ?
5 What is the frequency of VHF?
1 What device provided a new way to listen to music in 1963 ?
5 How many students attend the University of Massachusetts ?
1 What film marked Robert Redford's decline?
5 What is the current unemployment rate in the US?
5 How many American soldiers remain unaccounted from the Vietnam war ?
4 Where are the Union Stockyards?
4 Which country contains the highest point in South America?
3 Who is Karenna Gore, the eldest daughter of Al Gore?
1 What is the art of growing miniature trees?
1 Which of many numbered vats of Scotch was judged best by a panel of experts in 1863 ?
3 What former African leader held his country 's boxing title for nine years ?
2 What is the abbreviation of the International Olympic Committee?
0 What is the origin of the word'teddy bear'?
4 What is the largest natural lake in Pennsylvania?
4 Where did Luther show his Ninety Five Theses?
4 Which country did the Romans call Hibernia?
1 What sport features snatches and clean jerks ?
1 What are some of Australia 's native flora ?
3 Who founded a Viking colony in Greenland, say, 985?
1 What was introduced commercially by Bayer A.G. of Leverkusen , in 1899 ?
3 What comedian hit the TV screen in 1951 with the NBC afternoon show Time for Ernie ?
3 Who played the Ringo Kid in the 1939 film Stagecoach ?
0 Why does a woman have to be a virgin to be a nun ?
0 What is a serigraph ?
2 What does VCR stand for?
5 How long does it take after intercourse to find out if you're pregnant?
0 How can I look up someone 's E-mail address on the Internet ?
0 How has the Great Depression affected Japan's history?
0 Why does a candle go out when we blow on it?
3 Which actor dressed up as Santa Claus and had an affair once a year with the actress Shelley Winters every Christmas for many years?
4 What country other than Germany invaded Poland in September 1939 ?
3 Who was the inspiration for the teacher portrayed by Robin Williams in the Dead Poets Society?
0 Why is the development of space so important ?
3 Who was Santos Dumont?
3 What is the name of Joan Jett 's band ?
5 When was Nostradamus born?
4 Where is `` Global Schoolhouse '' ?
4 On what river is Strasbourg built ?
5 How much energy is released when oxygen and hydrogen mix ?
0 What is the origin of the term ```four -letter word''?
3 What kind of people participated in Shay's "Rebellion in Massachusetts in 1787"?
3 What Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist ran for mayor of New York City ?
3 Who is the current UN Secretary General ?
4 What mountain range marks the border of France and Spain ?
4 What are the seven seas ?
4 Where can I get U.S. economic statistics ?
3 What international organization was founded by Clara Barton ?
3 Who is reputed to be the greatest maker of violins ?
0 What is a dental root canal ?
0 Why do we have to go to school?
3 What is the world 's largest distilling company ?
4 What is Stefan Edberg's homeland?
3 What are the five most popular Usenet groups?
1 Garry Kasparov is playing what game?
0 What is the fourth dimension?
3 Who is the prophet of the religion of Islam ?
3 What's your husband's name?
3 In what risky business did Jimmy lose the Greek bet?
5 What is the average hourly rate of American workers ?
4 Where can I get information concerning child custody files for the State of Utah ?
3 Who portrayed W.C. Fields in the film W.C. Fields and Me ?
1 What four flavors can a person distinguish?
1 What took first prize in Omni magazine 's contest to find the `` ultimate unanswerable question '' ?
3 What was the previous name for the Commonwealth ?
5 How fast must a spacecraft travel to escape Earth 's gravity ?
4 What is the largest city in Texas ?
4 What U.S. state has the lowest highest elevation at 6 feet ?
3 Who sings Ben Johnson's "Drink to Me With Your Eyes" song?
1 What animal do buffalo wings come from ?
3 Who was the 1st U.S. President ?
3 Who was Jinnah?
1 What do flatfish eat ?
0 What is fiber in food ?
1 What are the 7 principles of learning from the Institute for Research on Learning , IRL ?
3 What famous male singer has the same name as the composer of Opera Hansel and Gretel?
0 How does crosstalk relate to InSb thickness in infrared detectors?
3 What was the name of the first Russian astronaut to take a space walk?
1 What is a fear of food ?
1 What do you call a `` twirl '' in ballet ?
1 What 1942 espionage movie reunited director John Huston with Maltese Falconers Humphrey Bogart , Mary Astor , and Sidney Greenstreet ?
0 Why are electric cars less efficient in the northeast than in California?
5 When was Dubai's first concrete house built?
3 What is her husband 's name ?
1 What disease plagued Europe , Africa and Asia ?
5 What is the approximate weight of a teaspoon matter in a black hole?
3 Who was the original Humpty Dumpty?
3 Who portrayed "Rosanne Rosanna -Dana" on Saturday Night Live?
4 Which country is the home of Heineken beer?
1 What cost the first prize in the Omni magazine contest to find the "ultimate unanswered question"?
0 What's the difference between a bottle and a glass?
5 In what year was the Berlin Wall erected ?
4 What city is served by McCarren Airport ?
3 Who invented baseball?
4 What sea surrounds the Cayman Islands?
5 How many different types of skunks are there ?
5 When did Nixon die?
4 What country buys 25 percent of the world 's tea exports ?
3 Who are the top ten richest people in the world ?
3 Which Mustachio comedian portrayed Frankie in northern Alaska?
0 What's a Jake brake?
4 Where can I find scientific data , `` research papers , '' on textile engineering ?
2 What does HIV stand for?
1 What weapon did the crucified slits harbor in English castles?
5 In what year did the war of 1812 begin?
0 What is the nature of snow and how is the formation of snow different from that of ice ?
4 What city has the oldest relationship as a sisterhood with Los Angeles?
5 What time of year are the most frequent flights?
2 What is BPH?
0 How does a rainbow come about?
0 What's the difference between New York and Chicago -style pizza?
1 What can communication satellites offer yachts?
4 Where is the Loop ?
5 How many pounds are there in a stone ?
0 How to make the Easter feast panoramic sugar eggs that with the scene inside?
0 What problems have contributed to the high rate of flat -rate farmers' failure in the 1800s?
4 What was the largest city in the world to declare martial law in 1989 ?
0 What is a horologist?
5 How much will California's gas tax increase with the 21st year?
1 What Dickens novel has David carrying the message `` Barkis is willin '' to Peggy ?
4 Which countries have the largest forest areas?
3 Who owns CNN ?
4 In which stadium do the Miami Dolphins play their home games?
0 How can I enforce new rules for a group of young people who have been allowed to do what they want?
3 Who is the current prime minister and president of Russia ?
0 What is the difference between ninjitsu and kung fu ?
1 What type of bridge is the Golden Gate Bridge ?
5 How many emperors were there in the Roman Empire ?
5 How many American soldiers have died for their country to date ?
0 How do I stop background noise in a car stereo ?
1 What game do Steve McQueen and Edward G. Robinson play in The Cincinnati Kid ?
0 What is a glory hole ?
5 How many Super Bowls have the players won?
0 What is God?
0 How do I get a complete list of all the people living under the last name Kilvington?
5 What is the estimated total population of the U.S. deer?
0 What are amphibians ?
4 What state does Martha Stewart live in ?
0 What good are mosquitoes ?
3 What TV family sometimes buys eclairs from Nelson 's Bakery ?
0 What was an Asiento?
3 Who said the only word in Mel Brooks's Silent Movie?
1 What has San Francisco's Milt Harper grown that measures 24 -inch customs from the top to the top in 1974?
3 What is the most common name ?
4 Where is Webster University ?
0 What is the origin of music ?
4 Which park contains Firehole River and Fairy Falls?
4 What state in the Gulf of Mexico has its lowest point five feet below sea level?
5 When was Babe Ruth born ?
0 How do you fix squeaky floors?
3 Who holds the career record for the most major league home runs ?
4 Where did Freidreich Wilhelm Ludwig Leithardt, Prussian born explorer, go to school?
5 How many hands does Bjorn Borg use when hitting his forehand ?
5 How long does it take for your body to restore blood after you donate your blood ?
3 Who murdered Leno and Rosemary LaBianca in August
5 How many web servers are there ?
0 What was the V-8 Juice slogan : `` the tastebud '' ?
5 How many years ago did the ship Titanic sink?
3 What organization is the Security Council a part of ?
3 What party was Winston Churchill a member of ?
1 What will a kid eat the middle of , and save the chocolate on the outside for last ?
5 Dialing , 900 , 740-TREE to have a tree planted will cost how much ?
4 What are the only two states that incorporate the Confederate battle flag in their flags ?
5 What 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?
0 What is the meaning of caliente , in English , ?
1 What Lewis Carroll book introduced Humpty Dumpty to the world ?
1 What ability has the silk -boron -mat lost by domestication?
0 What makes sperm ?
1 What organic fuel do the Moors use to cut a Slane?
1 How do you say two in Latin?
3 When called upon to surrender , what American general replied , `` Sir , I have not yet begun to fight . '' ?
0 What does the Latin ante mortem mean ?
5 How many games are played in a five -team round robin tournament?
4 Which countries earn the most from tourism?
4 Which country is the world's leading supplier of cannabis?
3 What writer-journalist made his mark describing colorful Broadway and underworld characters ?
5 What is the frequency of VHF?
5 What brand decorates the black label of a bottle of Jack Daniel's?
1 What is known as the Queen of Drinks?
0 What is the origin and meaning of the name, ````Hajo?''
5 How many endangered species are there in the world?
3 What is an example of a famous rock band from the sixties?
1 What was the education system in the 1960 's ?
4 Where does tuberculosis come from?
3 Who wrote the Bible?
1 What sport is played on the largest field ?
1 Which is the most-used computer program ?
0 What caused the Lynmouth floods?
0 What is a swatch ?
1 What kind of fruit is a Yellow Transparent ?
5 What is the recommended weight of a 15 -year -old male, the 5 -6?
0 What kind of snowballs are hot rodents?
0 How can I find online spelling?
0 What's the 401, K, plan?
3 Who played the title role in The Romantic Englishwoman ?
3 Who created `` The Muppets '' ?
0 What is object-oriented design ?
3 Name the creator of `` The Muppets '' .
3 Who's Rocky's and Bullwinkle's lost friend?
5 How many colleges are there in Wyoming?
4 Where can I find a world atlas map online at no charge ?
3 Who is Charles Lindbergh?
3 Who is dear Abby?
3 Who was the monk from the 15th? A century that gained control of Florence and was burned at the stake?
3 Who are Cartoons Super Six?
0 What is fellatio ?
3 Who was the second man to walk on the moon?
1 What war added jeep and quisling to the English language ?
0 What does Elysium mean?
0 What is Jane Goodall known for?
0 What is thief?
3 What company called one of their pens "The Banana"?
1 What are the seven wonders of the world?
4 Where is Basque country located ?
1 What dropped 1 , 313 feet in 1980 ?
3 Who's Colin Powell?
0 Why is hockey so violent?
0 What is the meaning of ``CPR''?
3 What fool is not so wise To lose an oath to win a paradise ?
3 Which union leader was last seen in the parking lot of a restaurant in Michigan?
3 What's Li'l Abner's last name?
4 What ocean surrounds the Maldive Islands ?
1 What kind of cocktail do you make with whiskey and sweet vermouth?
5 How many of them are in sub-Saharan Africa ?
1 When it 's time to relax , what one beer stands clear ?
0 What is Ethology?
5 How many people did Randy Steven Craft murder ?
3 Which toy company is the worldwide No.1 manufacturer of women's clothing?
5 What is the average time to kiss somene ?
3 If he's not adventurous on Rann, what does Adam Strange call his profession?
1 What is the name of Kevin Costner 's movie about Sioux Indians ?
1 What movie told of Anna Anderson 's claim to be a Russian czar 's daughter ?
4 Where is Eli Lilly's headquarters?
0 What is an arab strap ?
0 What is Salpeter?
3 Who won the Rugby World Cup?
1 What kind of animals are Dorsets , Lincolns , Oxfords and Southdowns ?
1 What can communications satellites offer yachts ?
1 What does it take to become a lawyer?
1 What events happened January 26 , 1978 ?
3 What South Vietnamese president was assassinated by his generals in 1963 ?
1 What are the most common elements in the Earth's crust?
0 What is a Jake brake ?
4 What volcano rains ash on Sicily?
3 Who did Dita Beard work for ?
3 Who was the first Taiwanese president?
0 Why do some jets have a vapor trail , and others do not ?
5 How far can you see?
3 Which of the following did not receive a 1983 `` Outstanding Mother Award '' from the National Mother 's Day Committee ?
1 What soft drink would provide me with the biggest intake of caffeine ?
4 Which Latin American country is the largest ?
5 How many years did Sleeping Beauty sleep ?
1 What keeps clouds in the air ?
3 Who portrayed Renaud in Casablanca?
5 How many flavors of ice cream does Howard Johnson 's have ?
5 What was the first minimum wage ?
0 What makes Black Hills , South Dakota a tourist attraction ?
3 Who is the Pope ?
3 Who played Al Jolson in the Jolson Story ?
5 What year did nylon stockings first go on sale ?
3 Which political party is Sinn Fein involved in?
4 What sunburned, 14 -mile valley is north of the Mojave Desert?
5 How many counties are in Indiana ?
1 What is a fear of night or darkness ?
4 Where is Rider College ?
4 Where do hyenas live ?
5 What age is Benny Carter ?
1 What Erica Jong novel deals with Isadora Wing 's fear ?
1 Name a tiger that died.
0 What is titanium ?
0 What is Habeas corpus?
4 Which African capital is named after a U.S. president?
1 What is a fear of bees ?
0 What is the difference between molecules and compounds?
1 What are three ways in which wind is created on the earth ?
4 What country are Godiva chocolates from ?
3 Name the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse .
0 What was the importance of Magellan ?
0 How do I start a bank?
1 Which car was driven in the nineties version of Smokey and the Bandit?
1 What is the hardest substance in the human body?
5 Approximately how much does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ?
5 How long would it take for a $ savings bond to mature ?
5 How many small businesses are there in the USA.
0 What is the origin of gametophytic tissue?
0 How can I stop aging or slow down?
0 What is the difference between neoclassical art and romance?
3 What wrestling star became `` The Incredible Hulk '' ?
3 Which writer of the 19th century. had a farm on the Hudson called Sunnyside?
1 What is the damage to the economy and government caused by bureaucracy?
0 How do I impress a guy?
4 What is Homelite Inc. homepage?
3 What cruise line does Kathie Lee Gifford recruit for?
5 What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?
1 What is November 's birthstone ?
1 What exploded in Lakehurst, New Jersey, May 6th, 1977?
0 Why was Muhammad Ali stripped of his title and barred from boxing in 1967 ?
1 What kind of creatures are black , yellow , and brown bullheads ?
0 How is it right to say Qigong?
3 Who's Barbara Jordan?
1 What do you call a book of quotes ?
4 Where on the Internet can I get information about the Fifth Amendment to the American Bill of Rights?
1 What does a chiropodist treat?
1 In what battle in World War I were six soldiers killed?
0 What is E -Commerce?
5 How high is the city of Denver?
1 What kinds of animals are in Cambodia ?
0 What are field effect transistors ?
3 Who was the first person admitted to the U.S. Swimming Hall of Fame?
5 How many feet long is a baseball pitcher 's rubber ?
4 What sea is Bombay on ?
1 What trade did the 15th and 16th century Portuguese hope to control between Asia and Europe ?
3 Name a band that was famous in the 60s.
0 What is the purpose of the SysRq key on my computer keyboard?
4 Where was Lincoln assassinated ?
5 When was Hurricane Hugo?
0 What are geckos ?
1 What measures did Clinton take to avoid the draft ?
1 What is a softball made of ?
0 How do you determine the heating requirements for your home?
3 Who asked the musical question ```````````````Have you ever been on the electric ladies' land?''
3 What noble actor tells TV's The World at War?
1 What was the name of the flight Fawaz Younis took?
5 What is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?
5 What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992?
1 What 's bottled in jeroboams ?
3 Who's stationed at Camp Swampy in comics?
1 What nuclear submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7, 1989?
1 What kind of phenomenon do you expect to read in the monthly publication The Bigfoot News?
4 What condition is Mount McKinley in?
0 What is The Gay Science ?
1 What is the name of a date containing sequence numbers, such as 9 -8 -98?
3 What college football team made Knute Rockne a power?
3 What singer got desperate over the death of Freddie Prince, left the show business and then left the business?
0 What's a Mexican without hair?
5 What was Thatcher 's approval rating after 10 years in power ?
0 What is the origin of head lice ?
5 What is the quantity of American soldiers still unaccounted for from the Vietnam war ?
4 What two South American countries do n't border Brazil ?
4 Which U.S. state has the second longest coast?
5 How many websites are there in the world ?
3 Which U.S. president showed a preference for bee pollen snacks?
1 What is a ball that hits the foul pole called ?
1 What's a movie Kevin Costner made about Sioux Indians?
5 How many equal sides are there on a scale rack?
1 What brand of jeans did Calvin Klein admit in a 1984 interview he felt more comfortable wearing ?
4 Where was Richard Nixon when Gerald Ford became president ?
3 Who is the owner of CNN?
5 How many people own pets ?
4 What are the names of all the seas in the world and in what ocean do they flow?
3 Who sued Dannon Yougurt for using a character named Ron Raider for promotion?
4 What is the capital of California?
1 What William Styron book is about a black preacher who leads a slave revolt ?
5 How old was Sir Edmund Hillary when he climbed Mount Everest?
1 What's Dudley Do's horse's name?
4 Where did Santa get the myth?
0 What makes you fat?
3 What famed clown appeared on an early Howdy Doody Show and insisted that Clarabell be made up as a real clown ?
3 Who says , `` If you don 't look good , we don 't look good '' ?
1 What color are seven out of ten houses in the United States?
1 What is `` the bear of beers '' ?
4 What sun-blasted , 14-mile wide valley is just north of the Mojave desert ?
1 What is the complete classification of a female bug?
5 How long does it take to decompose different materials?
1 What's a fear of hell?
1 What kind of cigarette is a whole new world?
3 Who won the first World Series ?
1 What's the name of the family circus dog?
0 What is literary criticism?
1 What impenetrable system of French fortifications was built along the German border before the Second World War?
3 Who's the only speaker in Silent Movie?
0 What is a Phalanx?
1 Which is heavier - cream or milk ?
1 What did Aaron Hass write ?
1 What is the recipe for Eggs Benedict ?
1 What term means a sexual attraction between a male and a female ?
4 Which island was the target of Operation Urgent Anger?
1 What was lost and regained by poet John Milton ?
1 Which CBS soap opera was interrupted by the bulletin on John F. Kennedy's murder?
1 How can I measure the IT User Satisfaction Level?
2 What does INRI stand for when used on Jesus ' cross ?
0 What is the origin of A.M. and P.M.?
3 Who's the Voyager Project Leader?
4 Which skyline in the U.S. city is the Gateway Arch famous for?
0 Why do USA fax machines not work in UK , NNP ?
4 What is the fastest growing state in the U.S. in 1998?
0 What is the definition of hazmat?
1 What did The Gas House Gang play ?
1 What was Mae West's last movie?
0 What is meant by the term `` yield to maturity '' in reference to bonds ?
3 Which actor married John F. Kennedy's sister?
5 How much did Mercury spend on advertising in 1993 ?
0 Why do people get goosebumps when they have something emotional happen to them , like when they hear a beautiful piece of music , or see something beautiful , or get aroused by someone they love ?
5 How many "No" answers were the What's My Line? Permission?
1 Which bushes can be planted that are safe from deer?
5 What year did the United States pass the Copyright law ?
0 What are the Low Countries?
1 What historical event took place in Dogtown in 1899?
4 Where can I find information about forced auctions on the Internet?
0 What is literary criticism ?
3 Who has won the most Super Bowls ?
3 What was the infamous pseudonym of Peter Sutcliffe ?
5 What geological time do we live in ?
3 Whom did the Chicago Bulls beat in the 1993 championship ?
1 What color is Chablis ?
4 Where is Burma ?
3 What was the name of football star Elroy Hirsch?
1 What is the most expensive car in the world ?
2 What is the abbreviation of the National Bureau of Investigation ?
5 How old was Lucille Ball when the show `` I Love Lucy '' premiered ?
1 What are the names of all U.S. Navy carriers?
0 How can scientists predict the weather by observing clouds?
3 What comedy surprised Dwight D. Eisenhower's first initiation by the birth of her first child?
3 Name a French fascist party .
1 What was the name of the computer in ` 2001 : A Space Odyssey ' ?
3 Who played Emperor Palpatine in Star Wars ?
4 Where did Dylan Thomas die ?
0 What was the reason for the division of the Anglican and Vatican churches?
0 What is the Order of the Arrow in Scouts?
0 What was Al Capone finally arrested for in the 1931s?
0 How do I find if my relatives were on the Trail of Tears ?
1 What kind of bridge is the Golden Gate Bridge?
3 Who got the phrase "I never met a man I didn't like"
3 Who was Gerald Ford with the vice president?
1 What ocean ship burned and sank in Hong Kong harbor?
3 Which of the following rock and roll stars has a star on Hollywood Boulevard?
5 How often was "Louie, Louie" recorded?
5 How old is too old for a child not to talk?
1 What was the top box office movie in April 1998 ?
3 Who commanded the French troops in the battle of Orleans?
5 When did Jaco Pastorius die ?
5 How large is the Arctic refuge to preserve unique wildlife and wilderness value on Alaska 's north coast ?
1 What's at Wembley Stadium, London, every May?
1 What money was used by them ?
3 What hockey team did Wayne Gretzky play for ?
5 How many people live in Tokyo ?
1 Which sex is denied voting rights in Kuwait ?
0 How do chickens have baby chicks ?
3 Who taught Matt Murdock to use his extraordinary abilities in Marvel comics ?
5 What is the most number of goals scored by a single team in an NHL hockey game ?
1 What does Visine get out ?
4 What city boasts Penn 's Landing , on the banks of the Delaware river ?
0 Why is Indiglo called Indiglo?
3 What character narrates Treasure Island ?
3 What 's Japan 's largest car manufacturer ?
3 What Cruise Line does Kathie Lee Gifford advertise for ?
0 What are perfect tenses ?
5 When was the Big Thompson flood?
0 What do Christian scientists believe in?
1 What are dinosaur castles?
1 What do bicornate animals have two of?
3 Who is Dear Abby ?
3 President Bush compared Saddam Hussein to whom?
0 What does the number 33 on the Rolling Rock beer bottle mean ?
5 What 's the population of Mississippi ?
5 How many times has Harold Stassen announced a drive for the White House ?
0 Why do they call ice cups ice cups?
0 How did the 7th inning stretch get started ?
1 What is Shirley MacLaine known as ?
3 What organization has a Security Council?
5 How many hands does Bjorn Borg use when he hits his subspecies?
3 Who coined the term NN cyberspace `` in his novel NN Neuromancer '' ?
0 What is the difference between a median and a mean ?
1 What did Warlock wear on his forehead in Marvel comics ?
0 What is the theory of equivalence states?
1 What 1964 film introduced the song My Kind of Town ?
1 Ray Charles is best known for playing what instrument?
1 What was John F. Kennedy's 1960s campaign song?
3 What Doonesbury character could turn into a werewolf?
4 What city has a newspaper called The Plain Dealer ?
0 What is the use of a 24 -hour watch instead of a 12 -hour watch?
0 Why is Chicago named Chicago ?
3 What famous comedian recently tried without success to revive the play ?
3 Which British Prime Minister and which U S President were once seventh cousins?
0 What is the definition of spamming?
5 What's the first day of the week?
1 What was Paul Bunyan 's ox 's name ?
4 Which city is served by Tempelhol Airport?
4 Where can I find information on research into oilseeds through genetics?
1 What does a pedometer measure ?
3 What author did photographer Yousuf Karsh call `` the shiest man I ever met '' ?
0 What is Smartnet?
4 Where is Microsoft 's corporate headquarters located ?
0 How do I check if my modem v.9 is compatible?
1 Who were John F. Kennedy 's dogs ?
5 How much money are Dumbo 's ears insured for ?
1 What is a synonym for aspartame ?
1 Name the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross.
1 What is a fear of food ?
1 Which coats are named after Dungri, a suburb of Bombay?
3 What famous British actor lost his voice after an operation in 1966?
4 Where is South Bend ?
0 What is a Chinese `` spouting '' bowl ?
0 What is Franz Kafka 's short story `` A Country Doctor '' trying to tell us ?
1 What determines the value of the pearl ?
0 What does the word terrorism mean ?
5 How many points are there on a backgammon board?
0 How do hermit crabs reproduce ?
3 What Mormon leader would have had 27 -year -old women?
4 What is the best place to live in the world , considering climate , civilization ?
4 What prison is found in Ossining , New York ?
1 What Vladimir Nabokov novel features Professor Humbert in love with a 12-year-old girl ?
3 What professional cricketer 's son wrote The War of the Worlds in 1898 ?
1 Which five cards make a perfect cribbage hand?
0 How can you tell if a woman had intercourse?
1 Name a golf course in Myrtle Beach.
3 What was the name of Darth Vader 's son ?
3 Who loved Flash Gordon besides Dale ?
3 Who is Stein Eriksen?
4 What European capital celebrated its 2 , 000th anniversary in 1951 ?
1 What delicacies do you call tactless as inserted deer?
5 The italian artist , Maurizio Pellegrin , is how old ?
1 What gaming devices were dubbed `` Mississippi marbles '' and `` Memphis dominoes '' ?
1 What was the name of Sergeant Preston of the Yukon's guide dog?
3 What fictional character is known as the `` melancholy Dane '' ?
3 Who started the Dominos pizza chain?
3 Who did Doris Day mean when she said, "I call him Ernie because he's not a rock"?
4 Where did Bill Gates go to college?
5 When did Muhammad live ?
1 Name Li 'l Abner 's favorite Indian drink .
4 Where is Windsor Castle ?
3 Who was made up of the now non -existent comic team known as the champions?
3 Which company is bought by Yahoo and how much is the deal worth?
5 When did Amtrak start the operation?
0 Define cosmology .
4 Name the country where Honecker lived.
1 In Beetle Bailey, can you call Sarge's dog?
4 What country contains the highest point in South America ?
4 Which Caribbean island is northeast of Trinidad?
1 What are the ten plagues of Egypt?
4 Where are guinea pigs?
5 How many people visit the Pope every month?
0 Why does www.answers.com not have answers to my questions?
0 How can I search for a word within my own webpage ?
3 What TV sitcom character was the maiden name Ethel Potter?
0 What's the difference between Erle Stanley Gardner's case of the frightened typhoon?
1 What killed Bob Marley ?
3 Which author of the "Days of Our Lives Cookbook" participated in the "Days of our Lives" in 198's as Liz Chandler?
3 Who was the prophet of the Muslim people?
0 How is an executioner determined?
5 What is the temperature for baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
1 What is the only vegetable that starts with `` z '' ?
4 What 's the second-highest mountain in the world ?
5 What are the average costs for four years of medical school?
0 What is witch hazel ?
5 What's the date of Bastille Day?
5 What year did the first issue of `` Playboy '' come out ?
5 How long is the border between Canada and the 48 conterminous states ?
4 What was the only country in the Western hemisphere that contributed to the Russian -led boycott of the 1984 Summer Olympics?
5 What is the maximum number of clubs a golfer can use in one round?
3 What was the name of the director of the movie `` Jaws '' ?
5 What time of year has the most air travel ?
1 What kind of animals are Dorsets, Lincoln's, Oxfords and Southdowns?
4 What nationality were the 123 people who died in the black hole in Calcutta?
4 Where is Dartmouth College ?
5 How many years do fossils take to form ?
3 Name a French fascist party.
4 What state are the Mark Twain National Forests in?
5 When did Princess Diana and Prince Charles marry?
3 Which German president was under pressure to appoint Hitler Chancellor in the 1933s?
0 What is the Peloponnesian League ?
3 Who was the author of John Brown's Body?
3 Whose old London Come on was Buy My Sweet lavender?
5 When was Calypso's music invented?
3 Who invented television?
3 What bestselling modern poet was the co-founder of the famous City Lights Bookshop in San Francisco ?
1 What came first, after Genesis 1: 2: 22 - the chicken or the egg?
5 How many double -word spaces are there on a Scrabble Crossword Game Board?
3 Which studio was the Bateau Lavoir in Montmartre?
3 What are the only players eligible to score points in Roller Derby called ?
1 What therapy is trying to trigger the "scream"?
3 What was William F. Cody 's better-known name ?
1 What condiment do the Dutch dip their French fries in ?
3 What actor came to dinner in Guess Who 's Coming to Dinner ?
1 What 's the term for a limestone deposit rising from the floor of a cave ?
1 What is widely used to detect birth defects ?
3 Name the different super teams the angel was part of.
0 How can you raise your IQ?
3 Who was the first Taiwanese President ?
3 Who was Lacan ?
5 What number is at 12 o 'clock on a dartboard ?
3 What title did Shevardnadze have during the Soviet era ?
1 What is the most common type of skin cancer in the USA?
4 Where does the strange shape of the fish knife come from for dinner?
3 What famous clown appeared on an early Howdy Doody show and insisted that Clarabell be invented as a real clown?
5 How long does a dog sleep?
3 What female faith healer wrote the inspirational book I Believe in Miracles ?
5 About how many Americans are still unaccounted for from the Vietnam war ?
1 What book did Aaron Hass write ?
1 What kind of soft drink would get me the biggest caffeine?
4 Where is McCarren Airport located ?
5 How many questions are on this thing ?
4 What was the birthplace of Edgar Allen Poe?
0 How to write a book report?
2 What does BUD stand for?
0 What is Hypertext?
3 Whose image is alleged to be on The Shroud of Turin ?
0 What are Bellworts ?
1 What novel did Big Brother see?
4 What African country was founded by freed American slaves in 1847 ?
0 What is habeas corpus ?
1 What ship wreck in Nantucket killed more divers in its exploration than the 52 -people it sank with?
0 What caused the Titanic to sink ?
0 What is Doegs ?
1 What is the collective noun for geese ?
5 When did the last Americans leave Vietnam?
4 What colorful sea region does the Greek legend say the Amazons lived nearby?
3 What member of The Little Rascals has an on-again , off-again sweetheart in Darla Hood ?
5 How many quarters equal a pound ?
0 How does a law become a law?
1 Which novel inspired the film BladeRunner?
0 Why do recipe books recommend starting with cold water when you boil something ?
4 What is the second largest island in the world?
5 What's Dick Clark's birthday?
5 How many gallons of water go over Niagra Falls every second ?
1 What sports magazine has the largest circulation ?
1 What does Erica Jong have to do with Isadora Wing's fear?
3 Who was America 's first Public Enemy No. 1 ?
5 How many copies of an album must be sold for it to be a gold album ?
5 How many times has Harold Stassen announced a ride to the White House?
3 Name Alvin's Brothers
4 What are all the southern states of the United States?
0 What do the number one, two and four on Dr Pepper bottles mean?
1 What would you add to the clay mixture to produce bone china ?
3 What two New York Yankees exchanged wives and families?
3 Who should I call to take a tour of the New York Stock Exchange?
4 Where did the Mayan Indians live ?
0 What is the origin of infinity?
4 What is the longest river in the United States?
3 Who was the Russian ambassador to Hungary during the 1956 uprising ?
0 What does the name Jenna mean?
1 What is the name of the Jewish alphabet?
0 What is a drought ?
1 What TV series changed the names to protect the innocent ?
3 Who is the prophet of Medina?
0 What was The Living Room War ?
3 What are the names of Richard Nixon's two daughters?
4 Where did the real Nicholas live?
0 What is `` Chicago Hope '' ?
3 Who wrote "Unsafe at Any Speed"?
4 What is the highest mountain in the world?
0 How do you get silly putty out of fabric ?
4 Where is the Kalahari Desert?
1 What are the shortest and longest songs ever produced?
0 What is the origin of the word , magic ?
3 What company has built more than 2.5 billion little green houses since 1935 ?
1 Which car race was Wilbur Reed the first to win three times?
0 What is Betsy Ross famous for ?
1 What's the money made of?
1 On which flight did Fawaz Younis commit air piracy and hostage taking ?
0 What does laser stand for ?
5 What is the federal minimum wage ?
0 What is e-commerce ?
4 What state is Mount McKinley in ?
0 What is the Amish religion?
1 What TV series features the adventures of a married couple named Jonathan and Jennifer ?
5 What's the number on a dartboard at twelve o'clock?
5 Where does the U.S. rank among world countries in area ?
5 How many websites are there in the world?
5 How many Fig Newtons are in the pound?
3 What does Robin Williams do ?
1 What was Judith Rossner doing in a Diane Keaton movie?
5 How much does it cost to produce and send junk mail catalogues on average or whatever is available in the USA? DT CD NN NN
0 What is goldenseal ?
1 What was the name of Roy Rogers' dog?
4 Where do the Blackhawks maintain their operations ?
4 What nationality was Jackson Pollock?
3 Who made the largest cocaine seizure in Ventura County history ?
4 What two countries contain Sierra Nevada mountains ?
1 What is the primary language of the Philippines?
0 Who solves Rubik's Cube?
5 When did the last Americans leave Vietnam ?
0 What does the name Alexandra mean?
4 Where's Rider College?
4 What's the name of the highest mountain in the world?
4 Where is the Rose Bowl played?
1 What was the favorite sport of Tom Wolfe 's The Pump House Gang ?
1 Name a movie that the actress , Sandra Bullock , had a role in .
4 Where did Bill Gates go to college ?
0 What is usenet for the Internet ?
4 What is the largest city in Germany?
0 How can I get a comic character I made copyrighted and published ?
0 What is the origin of the word ``mind''?
5 How far is the longest hole in 1 on any golf course and where did it happen ?
3 Who followed up his first two underwater thrillers with The Girl of the Sea of Cortez ?
5 What is the weight of a teaspoon matter in a black hole?
3 What manufacturers are there in Texas ?
4 Which U.S. state is leaving the Continental Divide to get to Canada?
1 What snack food has ridges ?
4 What is the longest river in the world?
3 Who starred in the movie The War of the Worlds ?
5 How long is human gestation ?
1 What is the most widely cultivated plant ?
1 What generation am I in?
3 Who was Monet ?
0 What is white chocolate ?
0 Why are haunted houses popular ?
5 What seven digits follow the territorial code in the number for remote information?
1 What was the first English piece written exclusively for children?
4 What colorful sea 's region does Greek legend say the Amazons lived near ?
0 How does the Nintendo `` Zapper '' work ?
3 Who was the first governor of West Virginia ?
1 What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?
3 Who holds the NFL record for most touchdowns in one season?
3 What actress has received the most Oscar nominations ?
0 What was the filling in the first golf balls ?
3 What army was founded by William Booth and his wife Catherine?
1 What is a fear of punishment ?
1 What is Ray Bradbury 's illustrated man illustrated with ?
5 What is the span width of a condor?
1 What kind of puzzle first appeared in the U.S. in the New York World on December 21 , 1913 ?
5 How many chemical elements are there?
3 Who is the president of Bolivia ?
4 Where can I read about Chiang Kai-shek ?
4 Which street is the original Saks department store on?
1 What's the common name for a Japanese dwarf tree?
4 What U.S. city is The Queen of the Pacific ?
1 What vehicles are raced in the Tour de France ?
1 Which mosquito 's bite draws blood , DT NN CC DT NN .
5 How deep is a fathom ?
3 Who did Lauren Bacall marry after her husband Humphrey Bogart died?
4 What state is Dixville Notch in?
0 How do they glue Teflon to the pan?
0 How do I increase my biceps ' size ?
0 Why do they sterilize the needle for lethal injection ?
1 What did Sinatra do, did he do Dooby Dooby?
3 Which famous New York City mayor wrote the hit song, ````Will You Love Me in December as You Do in May?''
2 What is RCD?
1 What color is the cross on Switzerland 's flag ?
1 How do you say "grandma" in Irish?
0 What is Limbo?
5 What is the normal resting heart rate of a healthy adult ?
4 What 's the name of the Wilkes plantation in Gone with the Wind ?
5 How many Russians have landed on the moon?
4 Name the country which Honecker lived in .
1 What fuel do airplanes use ?
3 Who said he killed 4,280 buffalo as food for the crew t hat built the Kansas Pacific Railway?
3 Name the person who burst through the screen in the Lite beer commercial.
0 How can a foreigner get a U.S. Social Security card ?
5 How many teaspoons form a spoon?
5 What is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?
4 What is the largest city in Chile, South America?
4 What two countries is Andorra?
1 What are the four elements ?
1 Name the operating system running on IBM compatible machines.
5 How many continents are there?
1 In what religion was Isis the goddess of nature?
3 Name of the mighty white trader in Conrad's Heart of Darkness?
4 What Scandinavian capital is built on nine bridge-connected islands ?
1 What 's the only color Johnny Cash wears on stage ?
1 What musical instrument did Sherlock Holmes play?
4 Where can I find a list of the "classic" books that the fifth and sixth graders should read?
0 What are equity securities?
0 What is thermal equilibrium?
1 Ray Charles plays what instrument?
0 Describe the long March.
4 What California bay 's largest island is Angel Island ?
1 What kind of education do I need to become a flight attendant ?
4 What city gained renown for its pea-soup fogs ?
0 What is agent orange ?
3 Name of scholar on whose literal translations from the Chinese and Japanese Ezra Pound depended ?
5 How many bails are there in a cricket wicket ?
1 What is the name of the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross?
1 What is a fear of speaking ?
4 What U.S. state 's biggest lake is Lake Sam Rayburn ?
3 Who makes the `` cross-your-heart bra '' ?
0 Are you defining the Pheonix Club?
5 What year did they build the Berlin Wall?
3 Who markets Spaghetti-o 's ?
0 What is `` flintknapping '' ?
0 What are those little blue reflectors in the middle of the road for ?
1 Which racehorse won an Associated Press survey as the largest horse of the twentieth century?
5 How much does a new railroad coal car cost ?
3 Who was Samuel Johnsons 's friend and biographer ?
1 What are fingernails made of ?
4 Which country is partially bounded by the Indian Ocean and corals and Tasman seas?
4 What's the biggest office block in the world?
4 What city was John F. Kennedy nominated for president in ?
1 What is the best way to remove wallpaper?
1 What can one see in Reims ?
5 What are the odds that at least two out of 25 people have the same birthday?
5 How much does a new railway vehicle cost?
5 How many quarts of whole milk is needed to make one pound of butter ?
3 Who makes the Simpsons' voices?
0 Why is the universe flat, if it started with an explosion, shouldn't it be a bullet?
5 About how many soldiers died in World War II ?
0 What is artificial intelligence?
5 How many Americans are not yet covered by the Vietnam War?
1 What is the music used in the new VW Beetle commercial where the car spins and changes colors ?
4 Which country is proud to claim the volcano National Park?
0 What do you call the haircut that new soldiers get?
0 What was the claim to fame of the football game that saw Fordham defeat Waynesburg State 12601 on September 3 , 1939 ?
5 How many horses are there in a polo team?
4 What continent pushes up the Executive Committee mountain range ?
0 What personality traits should Capricons have?
5 When did the art of quilting begin ?
0 Why did several San Diego schools remove apples from students menus ?
0 Why were the red M &Ms set and then returned?
4 What is the most common street name in America?
1 Which language has the most words ?
5 What is the highest number of home runs on record for a game?
1 What are different petroleum products?
0 How do you get a pointsettia to turn red ?
4 Where does the Santa Fe Trail begin and end ?
4 Where is the oldest living thing on earth ?
1 What was the eighth day following the Nones in each month of the Roman calendar called ?
3 Who portrayed the faceless man in the film of the same name?
5 What is the salary of a U.S. representative?
3 Who was Israel 's first prime minister ?
3 Who was the first American citizen to award the Albert Medal of the Society of Arts?
0 What does the donation mean?
3 Who is the sexiest women in the world ?
0 What's the difference between hair and fur?
3 What was the role of the medieval guild?
1 What 's the highest possible bid in Contract Bridge ?
1 What is the longest chemical name , consisting of 35 letters ?
1 What film featured Shirley MacLaine as a prostitute and Jack Lemmon as a pimp ?
3 Who is the Prime Minister of Norway?
1 What does a dipsomaniac want?
1 What delicacy is known indelicately as pickled roe ?
0 What causes rust ?
5 When did the Iraqi troops attack Kuwait?
4 What two countries is Andorra nestled between ?
1 What kind of homorian epic chronicle of the end of the Trojan Wars?
5 In what year did China and the Republic of Korea establish diplomatic relations?
1 What is a fear of trees ?
1 What kind of actor is Ileana Cotrubas?
0 What causes a person to have sweaty hands and feet all the time?
3 Who was the director of the Wild Bunch?
4 Where is the world 's most active volcano located ?
1 What 's the term for any four-sided figure ?
1 What are you caught in if a haboob blows up ?
0 What is the difference between a bottle and a jar ?
4 Which U.S. city is known as The Rubber Capital of the World?
2 What does CPR stand for ?
0 What is leukemia ?
1 What are different products of petroleum ?
5 How long was Mao's march in the 1930s?
1 What is the name of the Cartoons dialogue circle?
0 What happened to Phillip Taylor Kramer?
5 How many horses died in the Civil War?
0 What's the computer for the rest of us?
0 How can I get someone 's email address ?
4 What ocean surrounds the Maldives?
4 Where can I buy movies on videotape online ?
5 How long do you have to repay debts after claiming Chapter 11 bankruptcy?
1 What was the first TV set to include a remote control ?
3 Who is known as "the oldest teenager in the world"?
4 What French seaport claims to be The Home of Wines ?
3 Which people make up half the population of the Soviet Union?
0 What is the Socratic method?
0 What is typhoid fever ?
3 Which Vietnamese terrorist is now a UN delegate in Doonesbury ?
1 What game is fatal to anybody over 21 ?
3 Who's Westview High's band director at Funky Winkerbean?
3 Whose old London come-on was : `` Buy my sweet lavender '' ?
0 What are values?
0 What is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?
3 Who published the Internet worm in the late 1980s?
5 How many people was Randy Steven Craft convicted of murder?
5 How hot should the oven be when Peachy Oat Muffins are baked?
5 What year did Spielberg do "Jaws"?
3 What Argentinean boxer was shot in May outside a brothel in Nevada?
0 What is the origin of the first name Breony?
4 What nationality is Pope John Paul II ?
0 What is the definition of spamming ?
1 What Stephen Sondheim Ballade ends: ```Well, maybe next year..'''?
1 What was a California prayer book for an Old West player?
0 What is the purpose of a car bra ?
4 Where can I find a picture of a Blue Meanie ?
1 What do you get by mixing gin and vermouth ?
0 How can you be happy?
1 What is a language spoken by the Sioux?
5 What year were the Olympic Games played in where Nadia Comaneci became popular ?
3 What Nobel laureate was expelled from the Philippines before the conference on East Timor ?
5 What is the price for AAA liability insurance?
1 What color was Crayola's 100 -billionth chalk?
0 What is sound?
3 What college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball in?
0 What is the origin of a.m. and p.m. ?
1 What is a fear of glass ?
4 Where does Barney Rubble go to work after dropping Fred off in the "Flintstones" cartoon series?
0 What is the executor in a will ?
1 What is filled in Jeroboams?
5 What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso, Texas?
1 What is the geographical term for the sunken peripheral regions of a continent?
4 Which two cities typically mark the extremes of the sleeve canal?
3 What company uses the unfamiliar faces of its celebrity spokespeople to promote the use of its product ?
5 What are men on a 455 -yard golf course?
3 Who is the French literary character who is mainly famous for his enormous nose?
5 How many zip codes are there in the U.S. ?
3 Which Asian leader was known as Little Brown Saint?
1 What kind of meat is Fray Bento's synonym for?
4 What's the funniest city in the United States?
5 How much did Varian Associates try to sell its vacuum products division to the BOC group for ?
0 What is the meaning of the name Ella?
4 What 's the longest river in Canada ?
3 What Louisiana Senator won a seat that had been held by his father and mother ?
1 Name the story by Chris Van Allsburg in the which a boy tries to become a great sailor ?
3 Who would you use the Heimlich maneuver on ?
5 How many calories are there in a Big Mac ?
4 Where are the Haversian canals ?
3 What President became Chief Justice after his presidency ?
0 What is amezaiku?
4 What's the name of the planet the Ewoks live on?
4 Where was George Washington born ?
4 What nationality is a Sicilian?
1 What color are seven of every 10 houses in the U.S. ?
1 What do the chefs call the Master Spice?
4 Where can I get information on the original 13 US colonies ?
5 What part of a beaver's life is spent swimming?
3 Who won the Super Bowl?
4 What European city does Nikois live in?
4 Name a battlefield of civil war.
1 What organic fuel do bog-dwellers use a `` slane '' to cut ?
0 What do insects do through their spirals?
0 What are the benefits of home school ?
1 Stuart Hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of which medium ?
1 What medicine is often used to treat AIDS patients?
1 Which magazine is "fine conversation for men"?
5 How much money does each player get at the beginning of the game in Monopoly ?
4 What 's the name of a hotel in Indianapolis ?
0 Why do they call a hamburger a hamburger when there is no ham ?
1 How do you say two in Latin?
1 Which animal killed most people?
0 What are differences between 1980 and 1990 ?
0 What was the dead man's hand?
4 What desert country borders Saudi Arabia, Iraq and the Persian Gulf?
5 How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?
3 Who is the Greek god of the sea?
0 Why is space development so important?
1 What does Salk vaccine prevent ?
3 Who established a Viking colony in Greenland about 985 ?
5 What's the power of the shuttle boosters?
5 What does each of the utilities cost in Monopoly ?
1 What was the first English play written exclusively for children ?
4 What island has a park called The Battery at is southern tip ?
3 What dictator has the nickname `` El Maximo '' ?
1 When it's time to relax, which beer is available?
5 When was Franklin D. Roosevelt infected with polio?
0 What are liver enzymes ?
1 What 's the official animal of Canada ?
1 What is a fear of stings ?
0 What are the medical purposes of `` clitoridectomy '' ?
1 What 1966 boob tube bomb took astronauts back to prehistoric times ?
3 Name the two actress daughters of John Mills .
3 Who received the Will Rogers Award in 1989 ?
3 Name a South African diamond producer ?
1 What does Knight Ridder publish?
1 What kind of food makes you fat?
1 Name a Gaelic language .
5 How much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?
3 Which of the following actors worked in New York's Jiddish Theater?
1 What book opens: ```In a certain village in La Mancha, which I will not name.'''''''?
3 What character in The Beverly Hillbillies has the given names Daisy Moses ?
0 What did Cool Hand Luke go to jail for ?
3 What comedian created a boxer named cauliflower McPugg?
4 What is the city in which Maurizio Pellegrin lives called ?
3 What is a person called that likes fire ?
1 What J.R.R. Tolkien book shows Bilbo Baggins as the central character?
1 What is a film starring Jude Law ?
3 Who was the 3rd president of the United States ?
4 What Australian city became the home of the America 's Cup ?
3 Who was the actress June Havoc's legendary sister?
1 In what movie is the number nine found in the title ?
0 What is a portal ?
0 How did the bikini bathing suite get its name ?
3 What are the five most popular Usenet groups ?
4 Name the largest country in South America .
3 When the Tutankhamun exhibit was on display in the U.S. , what moving company transported it ?
0 What is the definition of'random'real estate file'?
4 What is Britain 's possession on the Chinese mainland ?
3 What 's the middle name of movie producer Joseph E. Levine ?
0 What is measured in curies ?
5 How many cullions does a male have ?
3 Who thought he 'd never see a poem lovely as a tree ?
0 What is a bone marrow transplant?
3 Name the organisation headed by a Security Council.
5 What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?
0 How do you tell somebody you like them ?
0 What causes rolling thunder?
1 What's a fear of food?
1 What instrument does Benny Carter play?
1 For what disease did August von Wassermann develop a specific test in 196?
1 What kind of guitar did Jimi Hendrix play ?
1 What is a fear of disease ?
4 Which country was Brian Boru, king of the XI? ==References ==
1 What is the name of Jamiroquai new album ?
0 What is crabgrass ?
3 Who is Edmund Kemper ?
2 What does the number `` 5 '' stand for on FUBU clothing ?
4 What island group contains Jersey , Guernsey , Sark and Herm ?
1 Name four famous cartoon cats.
1 What do the Japanese call Japan ?
3 Who won Oscars for her roles in Gone with the Wind and A Streetcar Named Desire ?
4 Which country has most cars per mile of road?
1 What is the plural of Gulf?
0 What is chromatology?
4 What are the world 's four oceans ?
3 Who's the only man who's won the Olympic ten -game twice?
0 What are the lyrics to the Star Spangled Banner?
0 What is an ordinary dolphin?
1 Aspartame is also known as what ?
0 What 's new in the postal world in 1999 ?
1 What Frederick Forsyth novel chronicles the toppling of an African government by mercenaries ?
3 What ISPs are there in the Caribbean?
4 Where did the 6th annual meeting of Indonesia-Malaysia forest experts take place ?
1 What does a resurrectionist steal ?
0 How do I find out which cities are in a given area code?
4 Where can I find a case on Americans with Disabilities Act of 199 ?
4 What square is the geographical center of London ?
4 What river runs through Colorado , Kansas , and Oklahoma ?
3 Who played the title role in the Romantic English?
0 How does a submarine work?
0 What is the origin of the word Ozymandias ?
1 What's the biggest snake in the world?
0 Hazmat stands for what?
3 Whom did Friz Freleng add to the Warner Bros. cartoon ranks ?
0 What is Garry Kasparov famous for?
5 What amount of money did the Philippine ex-dictator Marcos steal from the treasury ?
1 What are some translations of the phrase `` Thank-you '' ?
3 Which president went on the jogging trail to improve his sporting image and, sports number 39, almost collapsed during the race?
0 What is the main use of sodium hydrosulphite?
1 What terror of the sea did Johnny Horton sing about ?
3 Who discovered electricity?
1 What is the belt of low pressure around the equator called ?
0 How does hair curl ?
4 Where did Wile E. Coyote always get his devices ?
5 When did Nixon visit China ?
5 How tall is the giraffe ?
3 Who was the first elected mayor of Washington D.C.?
5 How many people were killed in wars, armed conflicts?
1 What playing card symbolizes death ?
4 What New York City landmark has 168 steps to its crown ?
4 What is the largest shopping mall in the world ?
4 What's the name of the planet the Ewoks live on?
1 What is a fear of women ?
1 Which of the many numbered containers of Scotch was best evaluated by an expert group in 1863?
0 What caused the split between the Anglicans and the Vatican?
3 Who said the only thing we have to fear is fear itself?
3 What Soviet leader owned a Rolls-Royce ?
1 What was the first Sam Spade novel ?
1 What does God create in the first sentence of the Bible?
5 What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
5 How many elephants are left on Earth?
1 What auto race was Wilbur Reed the first to win three times ?
0 Why do people in the upper peninsula of Michagin say `` eh ? '' ?
3 Who is the incredible Hulk really?
1 What do you call having experienced something before?
5 How many Fig Newtons are there to the pound ?
1 What is the penalty area between Baltic Avenue and Reading Railroad on a monopoly board?
3 What name does the world know Renaissance artist Kyriakos Theotokopoulos by ?
4 What countries have the most auto thefts ?
3 Which final of the American League Baseball Team between 1926 and 1964 was fourth?
1 What cards are bullets ?
3 Which Bloom County resident wreaks havoc with a computer ?
0 How does a hydropower plant work?
3 What organization was founded by the Rev. Jerry Falwell ?
3 What is Michael Jackson 's middle name ?
0 What is the text of the Fifth Amendment ?
3 Who seized power from Milton Obote in 1971 ?
4 Which California bridge crossed Don Brown first in May 27, 1937?
3 Which comedian was the perfect fool?
3 Who was the architect of Central Park ?
4 What desert has been called The Garden of Allah ?
0 Where does `` bovine '' come from ?
0 How do I do that?
0 How do you match a name to a social security number?
0 Where does the proverb "fist rule" come from?
1 What the longer sperm produces: an elephant or a mouse?
1 What is the longest English word ?
0 What is the daily requirement of folic acid for an expectant mother ?
5 What was Einstein's IQ?
0 What was Nine Tailors , the television show from 1974 , about ?
5 What was Einstein 's IQ ?
1 What are the chemicals used in glowsticks ?
5 When was the last major eruption of Mount St. Helens ?
5 How many members are in the California congressional delegation ?
4 Which mountain range is crossed by the highest railway in the world?
1 What's Beethoven's ninth symphony called?
3 What New Orleans D.A. said: "My associates and I solved the bombing weeks ago"?
0 What effect does LSD have on the brain?
5 How old is Bernadette Peters?
5 How many URL extensions are there ? and what are they ?
0 How can I get a CCT diagram ?
3 What famous British actor lost his voice after an operation in 1966 ?
0 What 's the staff of life mentioned in the Lord 's Prayer ?
0 What are the figures on Easter Island?
0 What is the weather like on the moon ?
3 What famous model was married to Billy Joel ?
5 How many years make a shine?
5 How many U.S. presidents were assassinated during the reign of Queen Victoria?
5 What was the date of CNN 's first broadcast ?
5 How many times a day does the typical person go to the bathroom ?
3 Who made the first airplane ?
5 What is the number of American soldiers not yet known from the Vietnam War?
1 What was the name of Robert Fulton's most famous steamer?
5 How much is a 1967 -dollar Canadian gold coin worth?
3 What chocolate company gives you a kiss?
5 How many movies did Ingmar Bergman make?
4 What city hosted the first Winter Olympics in Asia ?
3 Which mayor made so many TV appearances that he was invited by AFTRA in 1984?
5 How big is a baby bald eagle?
0 What does Verdindi mean?
2 What do Miss and Mrs. Mean for?
1 What about "Go Hawaiian"?
3 Who moderated the first Kennedy Nixon TV debate?
3 Which composer was awarded the Medal of Honor by Franklin D. Roosevelt?
3 What are the residents of the island of Lesbos called ?
0 What are the words to the song that sings "Banana in Pajamas"?
1 Which household products are available for adult acne?
0 What causes pneumonia ?
1 What makes an adult?
0 What is Crabgrass?
5 How many sides does an obelisk have ?
0 How can I find out my Moon sign ?
2 What does CNN stand for?
5 How long do cardinal eggs incubate ?
4 What river flows past the temple of Karnak?
5 When did the Berlin Wall go up ?
1 What was the first video ever made ?
3 What stupid but lovable character did Maurice Gosfield play on Phil Silver's show?
5 How much did Lucy Van Pelt originally charge for psychiatric sessions?
1 What kind of patent did Ermal Fraze receive in 1963?
0 What is the origin of the peace symbol?
1 What generation am I in ?
3 Which indispensable provider of background music celebrated its fifth anniversary in July, 1984?
3 Who was Charles Lindbergh's wife?
4 What are the two cities in Dicken's A Tale of Two Cities?
0 What is the daily need for folic acid for a mother -to -be?
3 Who earns their money the hard way ?
0 How do websites like Yahoo and Excite make money?
0 What is a car comment?
5 How many students are enrolled at the University of Massachusetts?
0 What is the difference between pop music and rock and roll?
5 What is the population of Mozambique ?
0 How did "stat" become an expression for fast?
3 Who is Henry Butler ?
4 What two Japanese cities are spelled with the letters K , O , O , T and Y ?
3 Who is the French literary charcter who is chiefly famous for his enormous nose ?
3 Who portrayed Field Marshal Erwin Rommel in The Desert Fox?
3 What classical Spanish writer said "All that glitzers is not gold"?
1 What does a farrier put shoes on ?
3 Which woman has carried most births, twins, triplets etc.?
0 Where did the pumpkin salads get their name?
1 What brand of white rum is still produced in Cuba?
5 In what year was Janet Jackson's first album released?
4 Where is Romania located ?
5 How many people did Randy Craft kill?
0 What 's the difference between carelessness and carefreeness ?
3 Which company created the Internet browser Mosaic ?
3 What store does Martha Stewart advertise for?
4 What Kenyan city is the safari center for East Africa ?
3 Which British pop star of the 1960s and early 1970s was a child actress in the 1940s and 50s?
1 What happened on January 15 , 1969 ?
0 Why are there no white lines on pro footballs ?
3 What was the President meant for, but never placed in the empty crypt under the Rotunda of the capital?
3 Who played with Julie Andrews in Mary Poppins?
4 Which country will meet the second year?
5 When was the G7 group of nations formed ?
5 What are the chances of having twins?
4 What southeast Asian country has the Wang River joining the Ping River at Tak ?
0 How do you calculate the change in enthalpy of a chemical reaction ?
4 What were the first three cities to have a population of more than one million?
3 What TV host names a series of men's clothes?
1 What's the fear of frogs?
1 What is the term for the sum of all genetic substances in a particular organism?
4 Where was the Cisalpine Republic , 1797-185 , ?
0 Describe the Finnish music personality Salonen's performance.
4 What is the largest city in the world ?
1 What drink is made up of rum , coconut milk and pineapple ?
3 Who is the Incredible Hulk in reality ?
4 Where are the tropical rainforests distributed?
0 What is white chocolate?
5 How much did Manchester United spend on players in 1993?
1 Which Russian novel, which more encompasses the five characters, is set in the Napoleonic Wars?
5 How many muscles does an oyster have ?
1 What is the chemical composition of a Barbie ?
5 What was Joe Namath's first contract worth?
0 Why do you call a hamburger a hamburger when there's no ham?
3 Which company produces impulse heart services?
1 What's the book by William Styron about a black preacher leading a slave uprising?
5 How many referees work a football game?
1 Name a paper from Salt Lake City.
3 What Polynesian people inhabit New Zealand ?
3 Who's the mayor of Marbella?
3 What the California governor said, "Inaction can be the highest form of action"?
0 How can I get started in writing for television ?
3 Rotary motor cars were manufactured by what company?
0 Why is black the color of grief in the West?
1 How do you say `` eat the day '' in Latin ?
1 In which Kevin Costner movie did Sioux Indians play a role ?
1 Which card game has variations called Canfield, Klondike and Spider?
5 How many islands does Fiji have ?
0 Why do rooftops give off steam after a big rainstorm ?
0 What are the Greek numerals ?
0 How you can raise your IQ ?
5 What is the time it takes a typist to type a screenplay that is 100 pages long ?
3 What TV character said ; `` One of these days , Alice , pow , right in the kisser '' ?
3 What part did Benjamin Franklin play in the development of the newspaper in America ?
3 Which baseball team owner and sailor is known as The Mouth of the South?
1 What is the plural of gulf ?
0 What is Sinn Fein ?
5 How many home runs did Babe Ruth hit in his lifetime ?
1 What film tour of the Roman Empire shows the warning: `````` line well and live''?
3 Who's the richest man in the world without owning a business?
4 What California bridge was Don Brown the first to cross , on May 27 , 1937 ?
1 What is the second hardest substance?
3 What is Rona Barrett 's married name ?
1 What's a camel breast made of?
1 Who were John F. Kennedy and the dogs?
0 What causes asthma?
3 What two -legged "professor" has a PhD in Nothingness?
4 What is the capital of California ?
5 How old was Gene Siskel?
3 Who was the President of Afghanistan in the 1994?
5 When did Charles Lindbergh die ?
4 Where can I find information about Bob Barr, a representative from Georgia?
0 What is infomatics?
1 Madonna hocks which soft drink ?
4 Where 's the 19th hole on a golf course ?
3 Who recorded the 1957 hit on Tammy?
4 Where is Sinn Fein's headquarters?
3 What multitalented Academy-award-winning director failed a college course in motion-picture production ?
1 What is a fear of failure?
1 Which side of the face do most artists prefer to show in self -portraits?
3 Who awarded The Flying Fickle Finger of Fate ?
5 How long do you have to pay back debt after claiming chapter 11 bankruptcy ?
3 What is the Viking Prince 's first name ?
1 What was Mae West 's last film ?
3 In Dana 's `` Two Years Before the Mast , '' what seafarers lived in an abandoned oven on the beach at San Diego ?
0 What is the origin of the term `` buffalo wings '' that is used as a menu item in bars across the nation for chicken wings in a spicey sauce ?
1 What is a fear of sleep?
5 How many horses are there on a polo team ?
0 Where did the term `` 86ed '' come from ?
1 In Vladimir Nabokov's novel, Professor Humbert falls in love with a 12 -year -old girl?
0 What is hypnotherapy?
0 How does ultraviolet light damage the DNA of skin cells ?
4 What South American city has the world 's highest commercial landing field ?
1 What war did the Spaniards lead except the Philippines?
4 What Rocky Mountain ridge separates North America 's eastward and westward-flowing rivers ?
4 Where does the weird shape of the dinner fish knife originate from ?
1 What age followed the Bronze Age ?
5 What is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?
1 What four forms does gold occur in ?
0 How to make a bibliography page?
1 What 's the official language of Algeria ?
0 How can you be happy ?
5 Where is the US among the countries of the world in the region?
3 What famous singing cowboy owns the California Angels baseball team ?
1 What board game does a ````````wood dealer''play badly?
4 Where do I get mailing lists?
0 Why did the chicken cross the street?
3 Who is Pia Zadora with a millionaire husband and mentor?
5 How many verses are in the Bible ?
5 What are the average hours per month spent by AOL users online?
3 Which American naval officer broke Japan's isolation policy in 1853?
1 What is the only animal that can turn its stomach inside out ?
1 Which chocolate bar, created by Frank Mars and his wife, is often referred to as the peanut Milky Way?
1 What soft drink tells us to `` Go Hawaiian '' ?
0 What is the definition of a witch ?
1 What is a 2 -sided object called?
3 Who does the voices of the Simpsons ?
3 What are Arnold Palmer 's fans called ?
0 How was the verdict in the Lizzie Borden trial?
0 Why are eggs supposed to be stored small end down ?
5 How much folic acid should a mother -to -be receive daily?
5 How many people was Randy Craft convicted of killing ?
1 What oldtime kids ' fare did TV Guide writer Jeff Greenfield call `` one of the most...subversive TV shows in American history '' ?
4 Which city is often called the insurance capital of the world?
1 What is glass made of ?
3 Who is the monarch of the United Kingdom ?
5 What was the death toll at the eruption of Mount Pinatubo ?
1 What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?
4 Where do I find the schematics for the windshield wiper?
4 What is the name of the city that Maurizio Pellegrin lives in ?
1 What kind of meat is Fray Bentos synonymous with ?
1 What 's the shape of a camel 's spine ?
3 What New York Yankee was known as The Iron Horse ?
1 What 's the most popular four-player game of all time ?
4 What country was General Douglas McArthur in when he was recalled by President Truman ?
1 What is a fear of touching ?
1 What is the electronic device used to produce visual displays corresponding to electric signals ?
1 What do you call a section of your finger from one joint to another ?
1 What does a football look like in the NFL rule book?
5 In what year did Hitler gain power of Germany ?
0 What are Amaretto cookies?
3 Who wrote Brave New World?
3 Who does the advertizing for Frito-Lay ?
0 What is the English meaning of caliente?
0 What happens to used motor oil ?
1 What was the first ready-to-eat breakfast cereal ?
0 What is the `` Global Economy '' ?
4 Where are the stops Austerlitz and Victor Hugo?
4 What countries does the Mont Blanc Tunnel join ?
5 When was the USSR dissolved?
3 Who wrote "The Scarlet Letter"?
3 What director made one silent and one sound version of The Ten Commandments ?
5 How many people have pets?
2 What is a "USB" port on a computer?
3 Who created Billy Pilgrim, a survivor of the Dresden Fire Storm?
1 What are the names of all the U.S. Navy aircraft carriers ?
5 How many species of sharks are there ?
3 Which member of Charlie 's Angels sang vocals for Josie and the Pussycats ?
4 Where can I find all the information I need to know about the English Civil War, 1642 -1649?
1 What kind of substance is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?
4 Which city is served by Logan Airport?
1 What's a Jude Law movie?
0 How do movie blues screens work ?
5 What year was Desmond Mpilo Tutu awarded the Nobel Peace Prize ?
0 What's a Canada two pennies black?
0 What is a commented bibliography?
0 Why do roosters sing at five in the morning?
1 What are the languages spoken by the natives in Afghanistan ?
4 Where was chop suey invented ?
0 Why does a candle need a wick ?
3 Who made the first airplane that could fly ?
0 How do they find an epicenter ?
5 How long was the longest straw attack?
5 How many cables support the main chain of the Golden Gate Bridge?
5 How many more mines are there in the Falklands after the war?
5 How many colonies did Germany receive after the First World War?
0 What 's the motto of the Boy Scouts ?
5 How many Marx Brothers were there ?
1 The second most popular sport worldwide is what ?
4 Which city in South America has the highest commercial field in the world?
1 What currency is used in Australia?
3 What actress played in "The Lion in Winter"?
4 What Asian gulf were the destroyers Maddox and C Turner Joy shot up in ?
5 When did Iraqi troops invade Kuwait ?
3 What multi -talented Academy award -winning director missed a college course in film production?
5 How much waste does an average dairy cow produce in a day ?
5 How many states have a lottery ?
3 Who are the two sons of Ozzie and Harriet Nelson ?
4 Which European countries are linked to the Gran San Bernardo Pass?
4 What countries have the largest areas of forest ?
3 What was Mao, the Chinese leader, full name?
3 Who invented the fax?
4 What planet would you visit to see Bebrenia , Arcadia , and Amazonis ?
1 What is the brand name of a chemical used to control ripening ?
3 Who was the king who signed the Magna Carta ?
1 What European race sees the winner of its mountain stage awarded a jersey with large red polka dots ?
1 How do you say `` fresh '' in Spanish ?
0 Why do airliners crash vs. gliding down ?
0 What was the effect of the Yalta Conference ?
0 How is the election of a new Pope announced to the world?
1 What are the seven articles of the Constitution?
4 Where can I find the status of my tax return ?
0 What happened to Pompeii ?
4 Where can I find the names of all the 15 Pokemon ?
1 What kind of rum is so "mixable" this is a one -time bar?
5 How many times was pitcher , Warren Spahn , a 20-game winner in his 21 major league seasons ?
3 Who directed Citizen Kane ?
0 How did Super President gain his powers on the animated series ?
4 Where's the cookie telescope?
0 What causes blue balls?
4 What Russian seaport has a name meaning `` Lord of the East '' ?
1 What are the snakes of New England?
1 For what disease is the drug Sinemet used as a treatment ?
1 What drug fascinated Sigmund Freud while experimenting with the treatment of neurostasis?
3 Who gave Captain Britannia great power?
0 What is the origin of the word ``mushroom''?
3 What U.S. vice-president once declared : `` If you 've seen one slum , you 've seen them all '' ?
5 What was the U.S. highway death toll in 1969 ?
5 How long did the Paris Commune hold out for against the rest of France ?
3 What actor said in A Day at the Races : `` Either he 's dead or my watch has stopped '' ?
2 What is the abbreviation for General Motors?
3 What actress holds the record for the most appearances on the cover of Life ?
4 Where is the highest point in Japan?
1 What movie had caused Bette Davis a scandal by wearing a daring red dress to a social ball?
3 What court describes Bob Woodward in the brothers?
4 What's the largest county in Massachusetts?
3 Who invented the stethoscope?
0 What is Australia Day ?
0 What's the last line of Dick's "A Christmas Carol"?
1 Name the soft drink that is "number one in the sun."
3 What U.S. vice-president said : `` Some newspapers dispose of their garbage by printing it '' ?
1 What is the brand name of the chemical daminozide ?
5 How many sperm cells are in an average ejaculation ?
1 What TV show shows the adventures of a couple named Jonathan and Jennifer?
3 Who were the 1974 Oscar winners?
0 Where does the term'86ed 'come from?
0 What is `` alternative '' anymore ?
5 How much money are Dumbo's ears insured for?
1 What instrument does Benny Carter play ?
5 What is the population in India ?
5 When was Franklin D. Roosevelt stricken with polio ?
0 Where do Chihuahuas come from?
4 What state are the Finger Lakes in?
3 Who was the perfume lady Charlie?
0 What does popcorn pop do?
0 How do you make panoramic sugar eggs for Easter - the ones with the scene inside ?
3 Who portrayed portly criminologist Carl Hyatt on Checkmate ?
4 What's the nickname of Pennsylvania?
5 When did the neanderthal man live ?
4 What city is wiener schnitzel named for ?
0 Hazmat stands for what ?
0 What does Freddy Freeman say to become Captain Marvel Jr.?
5 When was Queen Victoria born ?
4 What's the biggest city in Connecticut?
0 What were the days of the week called?
0 What do the number 1 , 2 , and 4 mean on Dr. Pepper bottles ?
4 Where did the Inuits live ?
0 How do you find the area of a circle?
1 What song did Patti Page set people dancing to in 1950 ?
0 What are the advantages of a rowing machine?
5 What season does a hiemal activity normally take place in ?
1 What is the most common connection in the world?
0 Describe the Finnish music personality Salonen 's appearance .
1 Which comic strip was never turned into a Broadway musical ?
0 What function does homeostasis have on the existence of an organism?
5 How many milligrams are in a gram ?
5 When was China 's first nuclear test ?
0 What is the council house in Frankfurt?
4 What are the biggest Indian airports ?
4 Where did guinea pigs originate ?
3 Who was the chief engineer of the starship Enterprise?
1 What significant battle was fought in Belgium in 1815 ?
0 What does a Las Vegas blackjack dealer have to do when he reaches 16th?
4 What was known as Spice Island?
3 Who was Garrett Morgan married to ?
3 Who 's the lead singer of the Led Zeppelin band ?
1 What did Jack trade with the butcher for a handful of beans?
4 What is the name of the city where Maurizio Pellegrin lives?
3 Name the On Stage sign whose face has never been seen.
3 Who invented the toothbrush?
5 How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play?
1 What 's the second-biggest-selling magazine in America ?
4 What sea separates Naples and Algiers ?
1 What's a fear of passing tall objects?
0 What is Jane Goodall known for?
1 What drink contains as many types of rum as possible?
3 Which golfer was called Ohio Fats and Blobbo?
3 What is the best Internet business to go into ?
5 When did Spain and Korea start ambassadorial relations ?
1 What did Esquire name Ash Hole of the Year for 1980 ?
3 Which former Major League baseball player was known as "Space Man"?
0 What does the word `` opera '' mean ?
3 Who played Sally Rogers on The Dick Van Dyke Show ?
1 In what war did Florence Nightingale provide the troops?
3 What company markets a shampoo `` for brunettes only '' ?
1 What did the Abolitionists try to end?
3 What terrorist group was headed by Donald DeFreeze ?
1 What kind of file has the extension .dbf ?
3 Which Japanese car manufacturer had the largest share of domestic sales?
1 What is the rarest coin ?
1 What was the first Gilbert and Sullivan opera?
1 What color are a cherry tree 's flowers ?
1 What do you call a group of geese?
5 How many were in attendance at the Last Supper ?
0 Why don't we ask for the check, not the bill in a restaurant?
4 Where did Woodstock take place?
0 What does the term `` spaghetti western '' mean ?
2 What is DEET ?
5 How many Gutenberg Bibles are there?
1 What term does a Czech use to describe a Pole ?
5 How many holes are there in a bowling ball?
1 What hide-and-seek game is played around a tin can ?
0 How does James Bond like his martinis ?
5 How many zeroes are there in a billion?
0 Where does the term "cloud nine" come from?
1 What was the name of Robert Fulton 's most famous steamboat ?
3 Who was the author of the famous fairy tale `` Snow White and Seven Dwarfs '' ?
5 What month did Edmund Fitzgerald go down?
3 Which organization was founded by the priest. Jerry Falwell?
1 What was originally defined as one millionth of the distance from the equator to the pole?
1 What is the movie Jonathan Livingstone Seagull?
1 Jude Law was in what movie?
0 What are the rules for "Snow Wolf"?
4 What country used the plane as a weapon of war against the Turks in Libya?
1 What are the three secondary colors?
1 What was the name of the Mayan ball game?
4 The Orange Bowl is located in what city ?
0 What is the origin of the word `` Teddy bear '' ?
0 What causes panic attacks ?
5 How many Liberty Bells have there been?
1 What 's a male witch called ?
3 What singer 's theme song was When the Moon Comes over the Mountain ?
0 How do boats float ?
3 What's the name of the crazy super criminal Otto Octavius uses?
4 What southwestern state is dubbed The Silver State ?
5 What year did Jack Nicklaus join the Professional Golfers Association tour ?
1 What is the name of the American literary era, which includes 1896?
4 Where in the United States do people live the longest?
3 Who said `` the only thing we have to fear is fear itself '' ?
1 Name a Sioux language.
4 Where is the biggest bell ?
3 Who built the first plane?
1 What horse did Zorro ride ?
5 How long will the border between Canada and the 48 -nation states last?
5 How long does James Bond like his eggs boiled ?
0 What does appropriates money mean ?
1 What was the name of the movie with Sharon Stone and Arnold Schwarzenegger?
1 What is the main language of Sao Paulo , Brazil ?
0 What 's a `` coup de poing '' to a French boxer ?
4 What was the first town to be chartered in Vermont ?
4 Where is Mozambique?
4 Where can I get a picture of Professor Randolph Quirk?
5 How many people die of tuberculosis every year?
1 What did the elders call the four great elements?
3 What monarch signed the Magna Carta ?
1 What part of her clothing was "baton hooks" for Old West Cowboys?
1 What animal received royal assent as an emblem of Canada on March 24 , 1975 ?
3 Who plays the cop in the movie Kindergarten Cop?
4 What country was A Terrible Beauty to Leon Uris ?
1 What flag flies over Wake Island ?
2 What is the abbreviation for Original Equipment Manufacturer?
1 What product shows a frog saying "dig'em"?
4 What does the Seine end in?
1 What do you call a date that contains sequencing numbers , like 9-8-98 ?
1 What are some ways to help someone with Chicken Pox ?
3 Who plays the cop in the movie `` Kindergarten Cop '' ?
5 What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
1 Which cats pursued Tweety Pie in his first cartoon appearance ?
0 What is different about the red and black fox ?
1 What has to be produced in a writ of habeas corpus ?
4 What are some good medical sites for information ?
3 Who's the fastest guitar player?
1 What kind of sport is often associated with hooligans?
1 What kind of sports did they play in the 1642 -1649, the English Civil War?
1 What are the most albums sold by one artist or band ?
3 What was the name of the American folk hero John Chapman?
0 What is Archimedes famous for?
3 What's the name of the actress who appeared in the movie "Silence of the Lambs"?
4 Tell me, what city is Kentucky Horse Park in?
5 When did Mount St. Helen last have a significant eruption ?
5 How many layers of yellow is a Faber Mongol pencil with luck?
1 What two vessels fought the first sea battle between iron-covered ships ?
3 Who portrayed the title character in the film The Day of the Jackal ?
5 How long did the Paris Commune last against the rest of France?
0 What is film noir ?
1 What was the orca 's name that died of a fungal infection at Sea World ?
1 What are the snakes of New England ?
4 Where did the cable cars go down Clay Street in 1873?
3 Who played Sally Rogers on the Dick Van Dyke show?
5 What is the chemical reactivity of Neon?
0 How can I give myself a French manicure ?
1 What do you call a book of quotes?
4 Which country has problems with Hooligans?
4 What city 's airport is named Logan International ?
1 What three colors are on the French flag ?
5 What time of year do most people fly ?
4 What New Hampshire hamlet rises early to vote first in U.S. presidential elections ?
4 Where can one find information on religion and health , the brain and nutrition ?
3 What is the best college in the country ?
5 How long does a pig 's orgasm last ?
1 What is the only substance that gives food its `` taste '' when eaten ?
4 What kind of two states is Washington D.C.?
0 How can I call a friend in another country if I don't know the phone number?
1 Which words in English have two u's back to back?
3 What kind of women gave Sigmund Freud erotic dreams ?
0 What does camera-ready art mean ?
1 Which religion has most members?
4 What country was first to use the airplane as a weapon of war , against the Turks in Libya ?
1 What is the name of the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross ?
0 How do you get gum out of the carpet?
4 What planet did Percival Lovell discover ?
5 How much of the silver production is produced by independent silver smelters?
1 What rabbit has his name because his ears resembled those of a donkey?
3 What task does the Bouvier breed of dog perform ?
1 What operating system do IBM-compatible machines use ?
3 Who took over as conductor of the Boston Pops after Arthur Fiedler 's long reign ?
0 What is Magnetar?
3 Who is Shirley MacLaine ?
5 What year was Janet Jackson 's first album released ?
4 Which country owns Corsica?
1 What four tournaments make up tennis ' Grand Slam ?
1 What's the only color Johnny Cash wears on stage?
1 What was the name of that popular song the Creeps sang ?
5 How many feet are there in a fathom ?
5 When did the Jurassic period end?
4 Which northernmost city in the country is Darwin?
5 How long before the moon turns around the Earth?
3 What the French designer said: "The jean is the destructor! It's a dictator! It destroys creativity. Jeans must be stopped!'' Nope.
0 What did John Hinckley do to impress Jodie Foster ?
3 What doctor claimed in a 1946 book : `` There is no such thing as a bad boy '' ?
5 How many inches tall is Stuart Little at birth ?
3 Who was the lawyer representing Randy Steven Craft?
3 What is the largest distillation company in the world?
1 What is the prevailing color of the tab label?
0 What is baptism?
1 What Michelangelo sculpture is in Saint Peter 's Cathedral , Basilica , ?
5 How many more weeks of winter are there when a marble sees its shadow?
3 Who owns CNN?
1 What Hollywood dog died in the arms of Jean Harlow in 1932 ?
0 What is a courier ?
3 Who is John Macarthur , 1767-1834 ?
5 How much does a poodle weigh ?
0 What are manifest and latent function theories?
0 What is it like to experience a near death episode ?
4 What lake in Scotland is supposed to hold one or more monsters?
5 How many zip codes are there in the US?
3 What bottled-up TV character was born in Baghdad ?
0 What is the literal meaning of ```D -DAY''?
1 What trials followed World War II?
5 How many Jews were executed in concentration camps during WWII ?
4 Where can I get a map of Prussia on the Internet ?
5 How many points make up a perfect five bowling score?
4 Which city serves McCarren Airport?
0 What is Cache Memory?
0 Colin Powell is best known for his performance?
3 What was the name of Darth Vader's son?
4 What is the name of the gap between Sweden and Finland?
0 What is the Peloponnese League?
0 What is object -oriented design?
3 For which team did Babe Ruth play his first Major League game?
4 Where's Windsor Castle?
5 How much folic acid should a pregnant woman get every day?
5 How many different kinds of ice cream are there?
5 How many equal angles are there in an equilateral triangle?
1 What does a sexual attraction between a man and a woman mean?
4 Where is McCarren Airport?
3 Who wrote the lyrics to Porgy and Bess ?
0 What are the words to "My Way" by Paul Anka?
4 The Orange Bowl is located in what city?
1 What does a Collier Mine do?
3 What was Randy Steven Craft's lawyer's name?
1 What are the four natural aids used for riding?
1 What are the different types of pizza?
1 What are the three secondary colors ?
0 What are snowballs to a hot-rodder ?
0 How can time be defined?
3 Name the child at the front door at the beginning of Gasoline Alley.
4 What is the capital of Iowa?
5 What year did Degas create the bronze sculpture , `` Fourth Position Front ? ''
4 What was the only country in the Western Hemisphere to join the Russian-led boycott of the 1984 Summer Olympics ?
3 What comedian has a legendary reputation for stealing jokes?
0 What happens when a body part falls asleep?
5 What century did art 's Romantic Period begin in ?
5 What is the population of Mexico ?
0 How did Socrates die?
4 What country is the largest diamond producer ?
4 Where in America is it only 47 miles from the Atlantic to the Pacific?
5 When did the Jurassic Period end ?
0 What motto ended with Merrie Melodies Cartoons?
0 Why can't you taste anything when you have a cold?
5 How many colors are there in a rainbow?
0 How do I know someone's really in love with me?
3 Which radio stations air the Jim Bohannon Radio Talk Show ?
5 How much did Mercury spend on advertising in the 1990s?
3 What actor has a tattoo on his right wrist reading Scotland Forever ?
0 What is the socio -economic status of a person?
2 What does SCSI mean in a computer?
0 How did Peabody and Sherman travel through time ?
5 How many queen bees rule in a hive?
1 What are emblazoned on the Jolly Roger ?
4 Where do I get information about the original 13.US colonies?
4 In which London museum is a chamber of horror?
1 What was the name of the orca that died of a fungal infection in Sea World?
3 Name the fast food chain with the golden arches .
1 What kind of poem contains the line ````````getting old with me, the best is still'''''.
1 What is chronic constipation a symptom of?
2 What does SIDS mean?
3 Who was the star of 1965 Broadway Hit Golden Boy?
5 How much would it cost to buy a 2 -foot quadratic party world with pages?
4 Where can I find the lyrics for the song ``Getting Married Today''from the Musical ` Company?
3 Who was the oldest U.S. president?
1 Which side should a bowler hit the 3 -pin left or right with a view to a 37803 split?
5 What are the chances of pregnancy if the penis does not enter the vagina?
3 What's the name of Pittsburgh's baseball team?
0 How can I find a phone number of someone if I only know their email address ?
3 What is the current Pope's name?
4 Where's Global Schoolhouse?
3 The lawyer who represented Randy Craft, what was his name?
0 How does a scientific calculator work?
5 How many questions do you have in your database?
4 Where can I find a person 's address from a telephone number ?
5 What is the population of India?
0 What does capital market mean?
1 What are all the different types of pizza ?
2 What do the letters D.C. in Washington D.C. mean?
1 Name the French historical period during the reign of Napoleon III .
1 What do camels store in their humps?
5 How many miles are there from New York to Austria?
4 Where can I find information about the Narragansett Indians and other tribes in Rhode Island?
0 How do you get a pointsettia to turn red?
2 What does the EKG stand for?
0 What is e-commerce ?
0 What's conspicuous about the feet?
1 Which thrilled taste buds first - Snickers or 3 Musketeers ?
2 What is THIS?
4 What U.S. state is Dixville Notch in ?
0 What do Japanese school uniforms look like ?
3 Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?
0 What are the conditions for becoming a citizen of Australia?
1 Which connecting elements did Whitcomb Judson patent in 1893?
4 Which countries have the highest proportion of university students?
3 Who wrote The Secret Life of Walter Mitty ?
3 Who betrayed Norway to the Nazis ?
3 Who painted `` Soft Self-Portrait with Grilled Bacon '' ?
0 What is the nature of learning ?
0 How do I find out what cities are in a certain area code ?
0 How did names come about?
1 What are the different types of contraceptives?
4 Where did Hillary Clinton graduate college ?
4 Where is Mozambique located ?
1 What color are school buses?
5 How long does it take the typical hen to lay 19 dozen eggs ?
3 What crooner joined The Andrews Sisters for Pistol Packin Mama ?
1 What is the most commonly used 1 -letter word in English?
1 What concerts are taking place in New York this week?
3 Who built the first successful roller coaster?
1 What does a polyorchid man have at least three of ?
0 How is Easter Sunday 's date determined ?
3 Who is the mayor of Marbella ?
2 When reading classified ads , what does EENTY : other stand for ?
3 What is Supergirl 's secret identity ?
4 Which way do you turn your Bic to increase the flame - clockwise or counterclockwise ?
1 All right, top four strips on a can of Pepsi, what colors?
5 When did communist control end in Hungary?
1 What color is the eight-ball in pocket billiards ?
0 How do you write MLA style bibliographies for an Internet source?
4 Which country is the origin of the band The Creeps?
3 Name Randy Craft 's lawyer .
2 What does S.O.S. stand for ?
5 On average , how long time does it take to type a screenplay ?
1 What animal 's tail is called a brush ?
5 What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
3 What 's Mrs. Bridges 's job on TV 's Upstairs , Downstairs ?
4 Where can I buy a good snowboard for less than $200 ?
5 In what year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance?
3 What inescapable purveyor of background music celebrated its 5th anniversary in July , 1984 ?
3 Who created the monster in Mary Shelley's novel Frankenstein?
5 What is the price for tuberculosis drugs ?
5 How many people was Randy Craft convicted of murdering ?
3 Which heir of the department store is responsible for installing a 3 -ton safe in front of the Andrea Doria underwater wreck?
1 What's the name of a dice player?
0 How does blood clot ?
1 What basketball maneuver did Bert Loomis invent ?
0 Why did several San Diego schools stop serving apples to students?
5 When was General Manuel Noriega appointed Panama leader and handed over to the U.S. authorities?
1 What civil war was waged between 1936 and 1939?
5 How many Gutenberg Bibles are there ?
0 What are the Valdez principles?
5 How far is it from Phoenix to Blythe?
1 Which drink consists of tequila, orange juice and galliano?
3 Who is the leader of Brunei?
4 What condition does Martha Stewart live in?
5 How many years before Led Zeppelin released his last album?
5 How many miles are there between Tel Aviv , Israel and Memphis , Tennessee ?
1 What are the most common elements in sea water?
5 What percent of world 's fresh water is found in Canada ?
4 What is the largest shopping centre in the world?
0 What is a hormone?
4 Where did the Wright brothers make their first flight ?
1 What blew up at Lakehurst , New Jersey , on May 6 , 1977 ?
0 How do you look up criminal records on the Internet ?
3 Who shared a New York City apartment with Roger Maris when he reached the 61st home runs?
5 How many Vietnamese were there in the Soviet Union ?
5 In what year did Joe DiMaggio compile his 56 -game series?
5 How much did Manchester United spend on players in 1993 ?
5 What was the minimum wage in 1991?
0 What is viscosity ?
0 What does Georgetown Hoya mean?
0 What is a multiplier?
0 What is a bone marrow transplant meant for ?
1 What kind of car did Janis Joplin ask the Lord to buy her ?
1 What TV game show once saw a contestant admit to picking his toes in the shower ?
1 What Boris Pasternak book sold 5 , 0 copies to become the fiction best-seller of 1958 ?
1 What 's the International Lawn Tennis Challenge Trophy usually called ?
2 What does NECROSIS mean ?
3 Which comedian hit the TV screen in 1951 with the NBC afternoon show Time for Ernie?
0 What are the words to `` My Way '' written by Paul Anka ?
4 Where can I take a test that tells me what to be when I grow up?
5 What was the average life expectancy during the Stone Age ?
3 Who said, "What despicable villain stole the cork from my lunch?"
5 How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?
5 When will Jean Aeul publish her next book ?
4 Which neighbourhood is north of Costa Rica?
1 What materials did the three little pigs use to build their houses?
3 Who won the first parliamentary elections in Malawi in May 1994?
4 What countries earn the most from tourism ?
1 Name four comic strips about pilots .
3 Who invented the Wonderbra?
0 What 's the setting of John Le Carre 's A Small Town in Germany ?
0 What is the root of evil?
4 Where does the World Championship Hundring take place every February?
2 What does T.S. stand for in the name of T.S. Eliot?
2 What is the abbreviation for micro?
3 What 2th-century fictional character attends Pencey Prep School ?
5 How many months does a normal human pregnancy take?
3 Who invented the stove?
5 What is the third month of the Gregorian calendar?
4 What river flows through Colorado, Kansas and Oklahoma?
3 What comedian has a legendary reputation for stealing jokes ?
1 What do sailors use to measure time?
5 What month 's third weekend is the Monterey Jazz Festival held on ?
2 What does "PSI" mean for?
3 Who was Lacan?
0 How can people from Ireland come to the U.S. , work , and then return to Ireland ?
3 What American naval officer broke Japan 's isolationist policy in 1853 ?
0 Where do stones come from?
2 What is BPH ?
4 What direction do most baseball pitchers pitch toward ?
4 Which building was built in 18.18 contains 327 -mile bookshelves?
0 What are amphibians?
4 What is the oldest website on the Internet ?
1 What game do Steve McQueen and Edward G. Robinson play in the Cincinnati Kid?
1 What was another name for East Germany?
3 Who invented that stupid kitten?
4 What state is Niagara Falls located in ?
4 Where's the surfing coming from?
3 Name the first private citizen to fly in space .
3 You're naming a South African diamond producer?
3 What Chilean president was killed in a 1973 coup d 'etat ?
5 What is the weight of air ?
3 Which U.S. general died in December 1st, 1945 when his Jeep collided with a truck?
3 What feathered cartoon characters do the Yugoslavs know as Vlaja, Gaja and Raja?
4 Where is it planned to berth the merchant ship , Lane Victory , which Merchant Marine veterans are converting into a floating museum ?
4 Where can I find information on becoming a journalist ?
1 The name of King Arthur's sword?
1 What is the primary language of the Philippines ?
3 The name of the lady for whom the Great Gatsby Pines is?
0 What is a hormone ?
4 Where are the apartments in Saint John , New Brunswick ?
5 How many e -commerce companies are created daily?
3 What is a society ruled by elders ?
1 What is the folklore about birdlife and birds in Christmas trees?
5 When was the first successful heart transplant for a human?
4 Where does the Bible say about the brothers and sisters of Jesus Christ?
0 What is a firewall ?
4 Where's the Taj Mahal?
5 How many people were executed for Abraham Lincoln's murder?
3 Who is Olive Oyl 's brother ?
3 Who protects DC Comics''Kingdom of Dreams'?
0 What is the `` 7-minute cigarette '' ?
3 What U.S. President was the first to breed mules ?
0 What is troilism ?
4 Where did Victor Hugo spend his exile ?
5 What is the current fare from Cairo to Barbados?
4 Where can I find up-to-date coastal ocean surface temperature information , preferably along North America and the Caribbean ?
1 What 1950s movie won seven Oscars, including the best picture?
3 Who invented the radio?
3 Which famous actor is the father of star Alan Alda?
3 Name the Ranger who was always after Yogi Bear .
0 What is the origin of the name Scarlett?
1 What kind of snail is a snail?
0 Why do some jets have a steam trail, others don't?
4 What country boasts the southernmost point in continental Europe ?
3 Which university did Angela Davis fire?
1 What kind of sports team is the Buffalo Sabres ?
3 Who sang about Desmond and Molly Jones ?
4 Where's South Bend?
2 What is the abbreviated expression for the National Bureau of Investigation ?
1 What fruit does the ficus produce ?
3 Who is the only independent congressman?
3 Who founded the modern theory of probability?
1 What does God create in the first sentence of the Bible ?
3 Who invented the well?
1 Which old kids''Fare did TV Guide author Jeff Greenfield call one of the most subversive TV shows in American history''?
2 What is SVHS ?
3 What are the names of the inhabitants of Lesbos Island?
5 How much electricity does the brain need to work ?
5 What is the life expectancy of an elephant ?
0 How can I find online spelling and scoring exercises for my sixth grader?
4 What is the second highest mountain in the world?
5 How many people have died of tuberculosis ?
0 What does an emperor do ?
3 What's the first name of the Viking prince?
4 Which city in Canada is the least-populated ?
0 How can anyone tell if a female had sexual intercourse ?
5 How many varieties of twins are there ?
0 What is a green moor?
0 What effect does a prism have on light ?
1 What are the most common breeding birds in the U.S. ?
3 Who did the biggest cocaine attack in Ventura County history?
3 Who 's the founder and editor of The National Review ?
5 When was the battle of Hastings?
1 What was the first Constitution of Connecticut?
1 What newspaper returned a Pulitzer Prize for the fraudulent story Jimmy 's World ?
0 What does `` Janelle '' mean ?
4 Where does the opera singer Ileana Cotrubas come from ?
0 Where did the term `` 86 '' come from ?
5 What's the power of the shuttle boosters?
4 What are the four largest mountain ranges on the Asian continent ?
5 When did Jaco Pastorius die?
3 Who released the Internet worm in the late 1980s ?
1 What hymn did John Steinbeck get his title The Grapes of Wrath from ?
0 What was the proper Laugh-In respones to : `` Say goodnight , Dick '' ?
5 When will Jean Aeul publish her next book?
0 Where does the term "firefly" come from?
5 What will the increase be in the California gas tax by 2000 ?
0 How is the election of a new Pope announced to the world ?
0 What are vermicilli, rigati, zitoni and tubetti?
0 Why do roosters sing at five o 'clock in the morning ?
5 What is the average salary of a paleontologist ?
1 What phenomenon would you expect to read about in the monthly publication The Bigfoot News ?
4 What are all the southern states of the U.S. ?
0 What is the history of the hairdryer ?
0 What is a Mexican hairless ?
3 Name the first private citizen to fly into space.
3 Which classical Spanish writer said `` All that glitters is not gold '' ?
1 What is the fastest commercial automobile that can be bought in the US ?
3 Name the lawyer for Randy Craft.
0 What is an Aurora?
3 What is the first personal computer company ?
0 How do I get my LAN card activated so that it can hook up to another computer without using a HUB ?
3 What Green Bay Packer's coach philosophed: "There's nothing that shoots fire like hate"?
3 What Honeymooners actress called Television Magazine the 1953's most promising star?
1 What's the name of the game Garry Kasparov plays?
3 Who is William Wordsworth?
5 How big is a normal size penis for a 15-year-old ?
2 What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?
4 What is the oldest capital of America?
4 Which South Korean city is served by Kimpo International Airport?
0 What is a heuristic ?
3 What explorers followed Columbus to the Americas ?
0 How do I love thee ?
5 How many home runs did Lou Gehrig have during his career?
0 How do you determine if a computer monitor has an SVGA adapter?
5 How long does it take to get from Earth to Mars?
5 How much snow equals an inch of rain ?
3 Who is the President of Ghana ?
3 Who portrayed Maggio in the film From Here to Eternity ?
0 What is the origin of boxing day?
0 How does a hurricane occur?
1 What is a fear of night or darkness?
1 Which of the five senses develops first ?
1 What was Dwight Eisenhower 's favorite card game ?
4 What state is known as the Hawkeye State ?
3 What company is the largest Japanese ship builder ?
0 What 's the difference and advantages of selecting a Super VHS VCR over plain VHS model ?
0 Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor ?
1 What famed tennis tournament 's men 's singles title was Fred Perry the last Englishman to win ?
1 What is the name of a book written by Aaron Hass ?
5 What is the current ticket fare from from Cairo to Barbados ?
1 What TV show changed the names to protect the innocent?
1 What's a self -contained basophobic fear?
1 What was the name of Hitler's unsuccessful attempt to overthrow the Bavarian government in Munich in the 1920s?
0 What does seccession mean ?
4 What populous state covers 49 , 576 square miles ?
0 What are Cushman and Wakefield known for ?
3 Who was the highest U.S. president?
0 What is the origin of the term "The Brooklyn Side" in bowling?
3 What is the name of the brilliant British economist behind its creation ?
4 Where is the headquarters of Microsoft?
5 How many e-commerce companies are started every day ?
1 What famed gangland slaughter cut into the membership of Bugs Moran 's outfit ?
0 How come a donut has a hole in it?
3 Who played the title role in I what a Teenage Werwolf?
3 Who was the first host from person to person?
3 Who created Harry Lime ?
3 What famous meat company went out of business because it became known that the underworld had been selling them kangaroo meat ?
1 What is 55 times sweeter than cane sugar ?
1 What Homerian epic chronicles events toward the end of the Trojan Wars ?
3 Who wrote the book , `` Song of Solomon '' ?
1 What TV show did Neal, a Martini drinker in St. Bernard's?
1 What is the nickname of the Cleveland Indians ?
1 What's the name of the illness that the actress Hunter Tylo's daughter has?
5 How many times has `` Louie , Louie '' been recorded ?
3 Who was the captain of the tanker , Exxon Valdez , involved in the oil spill in Prince William Sound , Alaska , 1989 ?
3 What is the name of the American who was caught when his plane crashed over Syrian Lebanon?
5 How tall is Prince Charles?
1 What's a fear of money?
1 What is Dr. Seuss' most popular book?
1 What are the signs of a country going into a recession ?
0 How does light move through the void of space when there is no medium for it ``wave''or ``pulse'.
1 What are the seven wonders of the world ?
3 What character in The Beverly Hillbillies is the name Daisy Moses?
0 What is the origin of U.S. Army sergeant 's stripes ?
4 What city is Wiener Schnitzel named after?
1 What creature frightens people in the movie "Jaws"?
3 Which diamond manufacturer controls about 80% of the world's diamonds?
4 What U.S. state boasts Leif Ericson Park ?
0 What does the Greek word polis mean, like in Minneapolis?
1 What was the name of the famous battle between Texas and Mexico ?
3 Who wrote The Collector ?
0 What is the contents of proposition 98 ?
3 Who did Jackie Kennedy commission to write The Death of a President ?
3 What were the last names of gangsters Bonnie and Clyde ?
1 What computer operating system is on the most computers ?
3 Who wrote the song , `` Silent Night '' ?
3 What schools in the Washington , DC NN NN VBP NN NN NN NN .
0 How does Belle describe her life in Beauty and the Beast?
5 When were camcorders introduced in Malaysia ?
0 What's the last chance for animals?
0 How do you tell someone you like them?
5 How long does it take for a writer to write a script that is 100 -page long?
1 What type of performer is Ileana Cotrubas ?
4 What erupts every hour at Yellowstone National Park ?
5 How many South American countries have the letter Z in their names?
4 Where did George of the Jungle live ?
5 How many URL extensions are there? And what are they?
1 What songs were popular in 1948 ?
5 How many family members could be enlisted in the U.S. military during World War II?
4 What eastern state sprouted the first commercial nuclear power plant in the U.S. ?
5 When did swimming become everyday?
5 When was Christ born ?
1 What Shakespearean play featured Shylock ?
0 How do you make a computer chip ?
1 What is Jell -O made of?
5 What is the driving unit equivalent of Zero Grade Centigor?
1 What color is Mr Spock's blood?
0 What 's the mystery of the Bermuda Triangle ?
4 Where did Ty Cobb grow up?
1 For which disease is Sinemet used as a treatment?
1 What is the main language of Sao Paulo, Brazil?
1 What animals can live the longest without food ?
2 What is the abbreviation of General Motors ?
0 What is usenet for the Internet?
5 What is the chromosome number of an elephant ?
5 How much is a Canadian 1967 twenty dollar gold coin worth ?
4 What two Caribbean countries share the island of Hispaniola ?
0 What is a pig in a poke ?
3 Which actor and actress has made the most movies?
5 How much money do you owe for having a dog on the beach illegally?
1 What was the alternative to VHS?
1 What is the brand name of Daminozid?
4 Where's the biggest bell?
5 When were sheep pushed?
0 How do I sing like Elvis Presley ?
3 Which French leader sold Louisiana to the United States?
3 Who made the deodorant that says it actually builds resistance to odors?
1 What can I use to remove the stubborn gummed labels from some diskettes ?
3 Which company manufactures video game hardware sells the ````````super system''?
5 How much does the fight against tuberculosis cost?
3 Who played the original Charlie 's Angels ?
5 How much calcium should an adult female have daily ?
3 Who turned all he touched to gold ?
5 How much time does the blinking of an eye take ?
1 In what spice do the Dutch dip their fries?
1 What is a fear of fish ?
4 Where is Trinidad ?
0 How is the new Ford Econoline van F25 V1 engine ?
1 What 's the green variety of beryl called ?
0 Why are sometimes your hands cold , but the rest of you isn 't ?
1 What Caribbean cult did Marcus Garvey originate ?
0 How do you make a paintball ?
1 What is the electronic device used to create visual displays that match the electrical signals?
4 What is the name of the city where Maurizio Pellegrin lives?
1 What does a topophobic actor suffer from?
3 What Asian spiritual and political leader was married at the age of 13 ?
3 What author of the Days of Our Lives Cookbook signed on in 198 as Liz Chandler in TV 's Days of Our Lives ?
1 What's the best drink to quench your thirst?
3 What card company sells Christmas ornaments ?
0 How do I learn about jobs?
0 Why are your ears the center of your equilibrium?
0 What's the only cigarette without leftovers?
1 What novel inspired the movie BladeRunner ?
1 What war has Jeep and Quisling added to the English language?
4 What is the most populous city in the world?
4 What is the capital of the Congo?
3 Who was the author of `` John Brown 's Body '' ?
5 When was the Battle of Hastings ?
3 Which stereo manufacturer is a little faster than its time?
3 Who was the prophet of the Jewish people ?
5 How many years did it take James Joyce to write Ulysses ?
4 What 's the most common street name in America ?
5 How many frames does a disk camera make?
5 When was the Triangle Shirtwaist fire ?
1 What does a collier mine ?
5 When was Berlin 's Brandenburg gate erected ?
0 What is false consciousness ?
5 How many people was Randy Craft convicted of murder?
4 What Tokyo street glitters with famed department stores and nightclubs ?
1 What is the name of the American literary era that includes 1896 ?
3 Who played the part of the Godfather in the movie , ` The Godfather ' ?
5 What is most goals achieved by a team in an NHL hockey game?
5 How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?
3 Who's Zebulon Pike?
3 Which U.S. general was brought to justice for criticizing the American air force?
4 Which county is Eckley Colorado?
3 Who is the only Prime Minister of Canada who has served for 22 -years but not necessarily consecutively?
3 Name a band which was famous in the 1960 's .
1 What is a fear of odors , body , ?
3 What U.S. general was court-martialled for criticizing American air power ?
4 Where are all European and American eels born ?
0 What is Tetrinet ?
0 How do you ask questions ?
0 How did Asia get its name ?
1 What does a woman want ?
3 What "great" baseball player is now a spokesperson for a beer company?
3 Who is currently the most popular singer in the world ?
3 Who gave King Arthur the round table ?
5 How long before your blood makes a complete journey through the body?
3 The major league baseball team in Pittsburgh is called what ?
3 What non -conformist abstract painter has been called Jack the Dripper from time to time?
3 Who is behind the name of the Harvey Wallbanger drink ?
1 How do you say , `` I love you '' in other languages ?
1 What's a mammal's name?
1 What words in the English have two u 's back to back ?
1 What was the name of the peace agreement imposed on Germany after the First World War?
3 What 's comic strip photographer Peter Parker 's secret identity ?
4 What New England state carries the telephone area code 27 ?
2 What does A&W of root beer fame stand for ?
4 Which African country was founded by free American slaves in 1847?
3 What is the name of the police officer who tried to keep order in Top Cat 's neighborhood ?
1 What drink is formed of tequila , orange juice and galliano ?
4 What is the name of the tallest mountain in the world ?
2 What 's the abbreviation for limited partnership ?
1 Which toys were called "Mississippi Murmeln" and "Memphis Dominos"?
3 Who was the oldest U.S. president ?
4 Where does chocolate come from?
4 What country surrounds San Marino, the smallest republic in the world?
3 Do you call the Marvel team casual based on DC's Justice League of America?
4 Where does the tennis star Stefan Edberg come from ?
0 How do I find the balance of my social security account ?
3 Who is the leader of India ?
0 What is a glorious hole?
3 What does Nicholas Cage do for a living ?
3 Who was the second person to wear Iron Man's armor?
4 Which country buys 25 percent of global tea exports?
0 Where did the Indian pudding come from?
1 What was Connecticut 's first constitution called ?
3 Name Dick Tracy 's two children .
0 What is Nitrox diving ?
3 Who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver?
3 What hard-of hearing artist painted Sunflowers ?
3 What army was founded by William Booth and his wife Catherine ?
5 How many ebbs and flows every day?
3 What corporation does Madonna advertise for ?
4 What are the five best oil -producing countries in the world?
5 How many Superbowls have the ers won ?
1 What is the procedure called for drilling a hole in your skull to acheive a higher consciousness ?
0 Why do people shake hands to show kindness?
3 What Italian leader has been afraid of the evil eye for life?
1 What kind of animal is Babar?
5 When was the USSR dissolved ?
1 What spice was once sold as patent medicine?
5 What is the average content of the restaurant manager in the United States?
3 Who started the Dominos Pizza chain ?
4 Which center of Nevada was designated the largest small city in the world?
1 What 1915 movie was the first with gross five million?
1 What is the most efficient way to start a barbecue?
0 Why is the grass green ?
4 Where do you find the Venus fly trap?
3 Who was the Columbia Pictures head who forged actor Cliff Robertson 's name on a $1 , 000 check ?
3 Who is Desmond Tutu ?
4 What building appropriately enough is depicted on the back of the 1-dollar bill ?
5 How many Americans fought for the British in the American Revolution ?
3 Who said of Super Bowl III in 1969 : `` We 'll win- I guarantee it '' ?
3 What wild and crazy guy wrote a book called Cruel Shoes ?
0 What is power steering ?
0 What prompted the co -pilots of the Enola Gay to enter only "My God" in his logbook?
1 What product on the market is good to hide facial scars?
5 How many Canadians migrate every year?
0 How do you buy stocks ?
1 Which beer has advertised that it has "three rings"?
4 Where is the Mayo Clinic ?
0 How did ` stat ' come to be used as an expression for quickly ?
5 When was child labour abolished?
1 What was the sister ship of the Olympics?
0 How does rabies spread ?
1 In what novel did Ian Fleming introduce James Bond?
1 What are the three animals in Sheila Burnford 's The Incredible Journey ?
4 Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?
0 Why would you lay eggs at the small end?
1 What did a 16th-century Aztec athlete get for putting a rubber ball through a ring ?
4 Where do quality drinks begin ?
4 What is Answers.com 's address ?
1 Name four famous cartoon cats .
0 What is dextropoxyphennapsylate?
3 What doctor in a 1946 -book says there's such a thing as a bad boy?
3 Who said, "Old soldiers never die; they just fade away"?
1 What's the soft drink for adults?
4 What are the largest breweries in the world ?
3 Who invented the game Scrabble ?
0 How do I contact answers.com?
3 Who wrote the Bible ?
1 What are the descendants of birds?
0 How is plastic made ?
5 How old is the Italian artist Maurizio Pellegrin ?
5 What is the chemical reactivity of neon ?
1 What are the stars made of?
3 Who made the first gas engine ?
3 Name the Ranger who was always after Yogi Bear.
0 What is Hebephrenia?
4 Which Southeast Asian country has the Wang River connecting the Ping River to Tak?
3 What group asked the musical question Do you believe in magic?
1 What's the name of the tiger who throws corn flakes for Frost Flakes?
1 What methods are used to regulate monopolies?
1 What English word comes from the Old French covrefeu , meaning cover fire ?
3 Who was Randy Steven Craft's lawyer?
1 What was the kind of Winnie the Pooh?
0 Why does a woman have to be a virgin to be a nun?
1 What is kept in Fort Knox that is so valuable ?
5 How many CDs did Garth Brooks sell?
1 What TV show shows Larry, Bud, Melman and Toast on a stick?
3 What Indian tribe is F Troop perpetually doing battle with ?
3 Who was the first man to return to space ?
3 What Russian master spy lived in the United States under the name Emil Goldfus?
1 What is the most famous German word in the English language?
4 What island was the target of the U.S. 's Operation Urgent Fury ?
5 How long is the world 's largest ship , in meters ?
5 What amount of folic acid should a mother -to -be take daily?
3 What Batman character tools around on a Batcycle ?
5 How many teaspoons make up a tablespoon ?
0 What are good numbers?
4 Where are the tropical rain forest distributions ?
4 Where can I find chemical importers on the Internet?
3 What two -year fictional character does Pencey Prep School attend?
1 What's a fear of reptiles?
4 What is the main flow of Ireland?
3 What former African leader held the title of his country for nine years?
1 What are some of the significant historical events of the 1990s ?
0 What causes someone to be ticklish ?
0 What are faults in the earth 's crust ?
1 Which chemical in red wine is good for the heart and what exactly does it do to your body?
3 Who became Admiral of the Seas and Viceroy and Governor -General of all the islands he could discover, and also received ten? of all the profits of his journey.
1 What 's the traditional drink at the Kentucky Derby ?
0 What are Cushman and Wakefield known for?
1 What was organized as a Confederate veterans ' social club in Pulaski , in Tennessee , in 1866 ?
2 What does NASA stand for?
5 How far can you see ?
1 What does Peugeot produce?
4 Which country offered Albert Einstein his presidency in 1952?
4 What arch can you see from the Place de la Concorde ?
1 What element , from the Periodic Table , is a gas or a solid , but never a liquid ?
3 Who won a Pulitzer Prize for their novel The Caine Mutiny?
5 What was the number of people that Randy Steven Craft was convicted of killing ?
1 What are the three colors on the French flag?
3 What six-foot temperance advocate wielded her hatchet on saloons ?
1 What basketball maneuver did Bert Loomis invent?
0 What do the names Neil, Mary and Anthony mean?
1 What is another name for aspartame?
4 In 139 the papal court was forced to move from Rome to where ?
3 What two historical figures who fought in a famous battle each have a meal named after them?
4 In which country does the Nile originate?
3 What 1920s cowboy star rode Tony the Wonder Horse ?
0 What happened during the Blackhawk Indian war of 1832 ?
4 Where was Chop Suey invented?
3 What athlete makes the most money from sports merchandise sales ?
3 Who famously rode to warn the people of Massachusetts that the British were coming ?
3 What future deer hunter portrayed Annie Hall 's neurotic brother , Duane ?
1 Which mammal in North America is the longest living world for its size?
3 Who created the character James Bond ?
0 What are the most common causes of death in the U.S. ?
5 How far is London UK from California ?
4 What 's the largest U.S. city on the Great Lakes ?
1 What creature is the absolute fastest in moving in the world , birds , mammals , etc. , ?
3 Who was the president of Vichy France ?
0 What is the origin of the candy cane at Christmas ?
5 How many times a year does the American Gourd Society publish The Gourd?
1 What is the deadliest infectious disease in the world?
3 What's the most common name?
5 In the 1990s, on what day of the week did Christmas fall?
0 How did former WWF wrestler Rick Rude die ?
4 What city in Florida is Sea World in?
4 Which Mediterranean island hosts the first Club Med?
1 What is the English translation for the word "caliente"?
0 What was the rallying cry of the early American revolutionaries ?
0 What is the meaning of caliente in English?
4 Where can I get mailing lists ?
0 What did Lenny Bruce say that got him arrested ?
5 When was the Parthenon built?
4 What 's the world 's longest suspension bridge ?
4 What country did King Gustav V reign over from 197 to 195 ?
3 Who was the author of the famous fairy tale ``Snow White and Seven Dwarfs''?
5 What is the life expectancy of an elephant?
1 Are you referring to a medicine commonly used to combat AIDS?
4 Where is Qatar ?
3 Which jockey won 17 -Triple Crown races?
4 What 's the northernmost U.S. state apart from Alaska ?
5 How much could you rent a Volkswagen bug for in 1966 ?
3 Whose recording of more than three minutes triggered a deadline for Oscar's thank you?
0 What is digitalis ?
3 Which Major League baseball team has set the best record to win between 1957 and 1983?
4 What's the name of the highest mountain in Africa?
1 What is the recipe or formula for Coca -Cola?
4 What city houses the U.S. headquarters of Procter and Gamble ?
4 In what city is the famed St. Mark 's Square ?
0 What is Vokal Sampling?
3 Who's behind the name of Harvey Wallbanger's drink?
3 Who kept the most famous diary in the English language ?
3 Which dictator has the nickname "El Maximo".
0 What are Maid rites?
1 Name the operating system that runs on IBM-compatible machines .
1 What letter does the flag of Rwanda adorn?
2 What do the letters ZIP in the sentence "ZIP Code" mean?
5 How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
4 What is Homelite Inc. homepage?
3 Who played Maria in the movie West Side Story?
1 What vowels do all Esperanto substances end in?
0 How do they produce vitamins?
0 What is the history of Spartacus , the Roman slave and gladiator ?
4 Which Scandinavian capital is built on nine bridges connected islands?
1 What did the pyramid-builders of Egypt mainly eat ?
5 How many different languages are spoken in Europe ?
5 How long before the typical American eats 23 -block ice cream?
0 How do you find out what can be claimed as a subsidiary rate for income tax purposes?
3 Who wrote `` Much Ado About Nothing '' ?
5 When was the bar-code invented ?
4 What country is Kosovo a part of ?
5 On what day were John F and Jackie Kennedy married ?
3 Who domesticated the turkey?
0 What is osmosis ?
3 What was the cast of Mandy Rice -Davies?
4 What state in the United States covers the largest area ?
4 Which countries does the Mont -Blanc tunnel enter?
3 Who is considered The First Lady of the American Stage ?
1 What meat complemented sweet potatoes and peas in the first TV dinner ?
4 What is the web address where I can find the email address of a member of the US House of Representatives?
0 What is a mathematical factor ?
4 What country boasts the most cars per mile of road ?
1 What are the rites accompanying the circumcision of a newly born-child in Judaism called ?
5 When was the slinky invented ?
0 What is a geoscientist?
5 When was Microsoft founded?
3 Who comprised the now-defunct comic book team known as the Champions ?
5 What is the population of Japan ?
3 Who invented the radio ?
3 Who's Ishmael in Moby Dick?
1 On what flight did Fawaz Youni commit air piracy and hostage -taking?
3 Who was the king who was forced to agree to the Magna Carta ?
3 Which basketball player is credited with 23, 924 rebounds?
0 How did inspector James J. Kilroy describe the equipment as satisfactory?
1 What are the four natural aids used in riding a horse ?
0 How can your school march in the Macy 's Thanksgiving Parade ?
5 How many feet more than 2 is the average height of the Great Wall of China ?
1 What soft drink first appeared in the Old Corner Drug Store in Waco , Texas , in 1885 ?
0 How do Ouija Boards work ?
3 Who says they have the biggest show in the world?
3 Who killed Gandhi ?
0 How do you pronounce `` Tzimisce '' ?
4 What city is served by Logan International Airport ?
3 Who is the head of the World Bank?
3 Who was the lawyer for Randy Craft ?
5 How many languages are there in the world?
4 What is the oldest website on the Internet?
1 What is the name of the Family Circus 's dog ?
0 What does the name Calder mean?
3 Who died with more than 1 , 000 U.S. patents to his credit ?
1 What does El Nino mean in spanish ?
4 What is the oldest website on the Internet?
4 What natural attractions draw the most visitors in the United States ?
0 How do you correctly say the word ` qigong ' ?
1 What's the name of the lens behind the iris in the eye?
3 What organization 's offices were broken into at Watergate in 1972 ?
3 Who was the first jockey to ride two Triple Crown winners ?
5 How many corners does a spritsail have?
0 What does the donation process entail ?
1 What are pushed into the Humps and coupled?
0 What is the origin of the word `` sideburns '' ?
0 What does the name `` Sabrina '' mean ?
1 What was the name of the sitcom where Alyssa Milano performed with Tony Danza?
4 What country was Hitler the chancellor of ?
1 What was the name of the Protestant revolt against the supremacy of the Pope ?
3 What is the protagonist 's name in Dostoevski 's `` The Idiot '' ?
1 What is the Islamic equivalent of the Red Cross?
4 What county is Chicago in ?
3 What well-known music personality is the father of an adopted son named Hans Christian Henderson ?
3 What labor leader was last seen in the parking lot of a Michigan restaurant ?
3 What camera company said ```If you don't have the time, do we have the camera?''
0 How do I tie color clothes?
3 What 's the most common nickname of U.S. college football teams ?
4 What Peruvian city is home to the mummified body of Francisco Pizarro ?
0 How did serfdom develop in and then leave Russia ?
1 What kind of fruit is a yellow transparent?
0 What is the orgin of xoxoxox ?
3 What are the top boy names in the United States?
3 Who's the richest man in the world?
5 How many people did Randy kill Steven Craft?
4 Where is the Kalahari desert ?
4 Where can I find examples of legal cases about the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act ?
0 What is an urban legend?
5 How much does a teaspoon weigh matter in a black hole?
3 Who was Randy Craft's lawyer?
3 What the U.S. Vice President said:'Some newspapers dispose of their garbage by printing it''?
1 What is a fear of home surroundings ?
5 What is the exchange rate for Australian money for American money?
4 What big U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988?
3 Who was the 15th century fire-and-brimstone monk who gained control of Florence but ended burnt at the stake ?
5 What is the salary of a U.S. Representative ?
5 How many islands does Fiji have?
0 Why are lions called "King of the Jungle"?
1 What color were their horses?
0 What was the outcome of the 1945 Yalta Conference ?
1 What price is the "Oscar" of advertising?
3 What bourbon king was returned to the French throne during Napoleon's abdication?
3 What president kissed the Queen Mother on the lips?
1 Which animal has the biggest eyes?
3 Who is buried in the great pyramid of Giza?
1 What non -alcoholic syrup is made from pomegranate juice?
1 What did a 16th -century Aztec athlete get for sticking a rubber ball through a ring?
1 What are the four most widely used languages in North America?
5 How many athletes did Puerto Rico enter in the 1984 Winter Olympics ?
1 What was the sequel to The Pink Panther ?
3 What was Darth Vader 's son named ?
3 Who is the famous movie star who also acted as sewer commissioner of Provo Canyon , Utah ?
3 Which actress holds the record for most of the performances on the cover of Life?
4 What's the biggest city in Texas?
1 Name an American motorcycle.
5 How many people hike ?
4 Where in the United States do people live the longest ?
5 How much is the regular price?
0 What is the origin of the word `` attic '' ?
3 What attorney-general ordered the closing of Alcatraz ?
1 What is the most heavily caffeinated soft drink ?
0 Why did the Aztecs first think the Spanish were Gods ?
5 What are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?
0 What is the difference between a college and a university ?
0 Why did the Shea & Gould law firm leave Los Angeles ?
3 Call the poet of the poem that begins: I don't know much about gods; but I think the river is a strong brown god -sullen, and unblemished?
3 Who is the son-in-law of Sen. Everett Dirkson who was also a senator in the '70 's ?
5 How many miles of veins are in circulation?
3 What Dynasty star made her 2th Century-Fox debut in The Virgin Queen ?
0 What is the filmmakers collabrative ?
0 How did the months of the year get there name ?
1 What do Hasidic Jews refrain from while dating ?
1 What is a fear of drinking ?
0 What is Servolenkung?
1 What kind of guitar did Jimi Hendrix play?
5 When was the Hoover Dam constructed ?
1 What's the Southern Pork Thin intestine?
5 What's the average time to kiss someone?
1 What kind of explosive do you get when you mix charcoal, sulfur and saltpeter?
5 How many oceans do you call them?
1 What is the name for clouds that produce rain ?
1 What was America's rechessed filter cigarette?
1 What term does a Czech use to describe a Pole?
1 What do British companies have 175, 0 tons of tea in 1982?
0 What is a firewall?
3 What are the top -10 colleges in the United States in the field of technology?
5 How many people was Randy Craft convicted of murder?
3 Who was the author of the novel `` Far From the Madding Crowd '' ?
3 Who invented the vacuum cleaner?
1 What's glass made of?
1 What is the chemical composition of a Barbie?
3 Who said of Super Bowl III in 1969 ```We win ``I guarantee it'''?
1 What are dinosaur droppings called ?
1 Name one of the seven wonders of antiquity.
4 Which country is directly south of Detroit?
0 What were the three prophecies the witches make to Macbeth ?
1 What interesting method was used to run the credits in the early Popeye cartoons?
1 What animal dined on bread and oysters with a carpenter ?
3 Who was the first American in space ?
4 Where did bocci originate ?
1 What was the food of the Greek gods called ?
0 What is the difference between molecules and compounds ?
3 Which company sells most greeting cards?
0 Why was the zipper invented ?
4 Which South American country won its first football title in 1978?
0 What is form drag?
5 When was De Beers founded?
3 What famous musician is the father of an adopted son named Hans Christian Henderson?
1 What is a camel hair brush actually made out of ?
1 What trade did Portuguese expect in the 15th and 16th century? between Asia and Europe?
5 When did Lucelly Garcia, a former Colombian ambassador to Honduras, die?
3 What is the name of the president of Garmat U.S.A ?
1 What medicine is usually used to treat AIDS?
4 Where did the ukulele originate ?
1 What's a fear of worms?
1 What piece of jewelry is pictured on Monopoly 's Luxury Tax space ?
5 How many revolutions does a standard LP make in three minutes?
5 What is the area of Chappellet Weinberg?
4 Where did the sport of caber-tossing originate ?
1 What is a fear of going to bed ?
4 Name the highest mountain.
1 What was the name of the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?
5 What are the unemployment statistics for the 1965s and 1990s?
1 What cereal goes `` snap , crackle , pop '' ?
0 What's the story with the skateboard?
0 Why is it addictive to cough syrup not to drive while you're on this medication?
5 How many calories are there in a tomato?
3 Name the five positions that will follow the Presidency.
5 How many pairs of legs does a lobster have ?
5 How much was the price for the Vacuum Products Department Varian Associates?
0 Why is the grass green?
3 Who said : `` What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''
1 Which infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ?
1 What is the fastest moving creature in the world, birds, mammals, etc.?
0 Why are magnets on?
3 What mustachioed comedian portrayed Frankie in North to Alaska ?
3 What toy company is the world 's No.1 maker of female apparel ?
0 What is an Auberge in France?
5 How many names are there for Eskimo people ?
4 How much water does the Yukon River go into?
3 Who was Red Grange?
0 How do they raise the cranes when building high-rise buildings ?
1 What Broadway show presented the song Some Enchanted Evening?
5 When was the Vienna Congress?
0 What are the requirements for becoming a citizen of Australia ?
1 What did Walter Huston remove to perform in The Treasure of the Sierra Madre?
3 What court does Bob Woodward describe in The Brethren ?
5 How many meters in a mile?
3 Who advised the audience to see the U.S.A. in their Chevrolet?
3 Name the food company that traveled to Soviet Georgia to film a series of ads .
1 What song did Patti Page let people dance to in the 1950s?
5 What is 7847 +5943 equal?
0 What is a turnkey contract ?
4 What is the address for the main government office in Rome , Italy ?
0 What is graduate school ?
0 What is a stratocaster ?
1 What does a tarantula eat ?
0 What is the highest Roman numeral ?
0 What happens when sodium is given in water?
3 Who killed Caesar ?
5 When's the Thai New Year?
0 What is a Certified Nurse Midwife ?
4 What is the largest city on the Great Lakes?
0 What makes the body shiver at cold temperatures?
0 What is the origin of the word ``carrier'''?
5 How big is the Arctic refuge to maintain unique wildlife and wildlife value on Alaska's northern coast?
3 Who is the creator of the Muppets?
3 What famous meat company went out of business because it became known that the underworld sold them kangaroo meat?
1 What international amateur sports spectacle was first telecast in 1956 ?
3 What's the best Internet store you can go to?
1 What makes blue lacquer red?
5 How many cities are there in Utah?
1 Name a film in which Jude Law acted .
5 How many four star generals were there and who are they ?
1 What sport is Chris Jogis a top player of ?
3 Who sang the song `` Hooked on a Feeling '' in the dancing baby episode of `` Ally Mcbeal '' ?
1 What makes Microsoft's Windows 3 a success?
3 What prominent Victorian writer worked for the post as much as he wrote?
0 What facial features usually contain over 55 hair?
0 What's the difference between Khaki and Chino?
5 How many flight schools are there in the United States?
1 Name a Salt Lake City newspaper .
1 What does an angry car owner call iron oxide?
4 Where can I find an Ask An Expert site ?
5 How long does it take for the Milky Way to make a revolution?
4 Where was the largest concentration camp in World War II ?
3 Who created Big Ben?
3 What explorer was nicknamed Iberia 's Pilot ?
1 What handicraft requires you to interlace your warp and weft ?
3 Which Mrs. Pitcher hit Ted Williams and Hank Aaron?
1 What sport does Chris Jogis play ?
1 What common livestock have the greatest variety of breeds ?
3 What American sergeant lost both hands during World War II and then appeared in a single film for which he won two Oscars?
5 How many miles of corridors are there in the Pentagon?
2 What is SAP ?
0 Why are organ transplants more successful today?
0 How is the new Ford Economine van F25 V1 engine?
1 What does the technology called cold fusion produce?
3 What was the captain's name?
4 Which country was a terrible beauty for Leon Uris?
5 How much snow is a centimeter of rain?
4 What is the northernmost U.S. state except Alaska?
3 Which of the following TV newsmen was a Rhodes scholar ?
3 What is Japan's largest car manufacturer?
0 What is Spumante?
5 When does the menstruation start?
4 What city is sometimes called Gotham ?
3 Whose special bear 's creator was born on January 18 , 1779 ?
5 What year did Charles Dicken die ?
3 Who won the Will Rogers Award in the 1989s?
3 Which director portrayed the commander of the POW camp in 1953rd Stalag 17?
5 What is the average day when most shopping malls start putting up Christmas decorations?
3 Who is the `` Queen Mother '' ?
0 What would happen to Canada if Quebec separated ?
0 What were the causes of the civil war?
3 What civilization invented the arc?
5 In what year did Thatcher gain power ?
4 Where have the Japanese imperial forces surrendered to end World War II?
3 Who patented the first record player?
1 What kind of dog is Scooby Doo ?
1 What did Esquire call Ash Hole of the Year for 1980's?
5 How big is the Chappellet vineyard ?
0 What was the first Funk'N Lata, Brazilian group, success?
4 Which city is near the mouth of the Amazon?
3 Who wrote : `` Poems are made by fools like me but only God can make a tree '' ?
5 When was Dick Clark born?
3 Who tramped through Florida looking for the Fountain of Youth ?
0 What is the meaning of thalassemia ?
5 How many Americans fought for the British in the American Revolution?
3 Who killed JFK?
3 What camera company said , `` If you haven 't got the time , we 've got the camera ? ''
4 What famed strip of land is a 15-minute boat trip across the Venetian Lagoon from Venice ?
5 What is the world's population now?
4 What nation boarders Mozambique ?
0 What causes rust?
1 Which cards are bullets?
1 What kind of animals were in the Paleozoic era?
4 What French seaport claims to be the house of wines?
3 Saddam Hussein was compared to whom by President Bush ?
4 Where is Procter Gamble based in the United States?
1 What war did the Wanna-Go-Home Riots occur after ?
3 What Nazi leader killed himself in jail just before he was to be executed as a war criminal ?
1 What was John F. Kennedy 's 1960 campaign song ?
5 When did people start writing history seriously?
0 How do you deal with a hungry man?
3 What kind of business is this?
0 What is the recommended daily requirement for folic acid for pregnant women ?
0 What are the Twin Cities ?
3 Who invented the vacuum cleaner ?
1 What two colors are you blind to if you suffer from protanopia ?
4 What is the largest island in the West Indies?
5 What brand number graces the black label of a bottle of Jack Daniel 's ?
3 What is the best distance learning university or university?
1 What did Abolitionists try to end ?
0 Why do you get goose bumps when something emotional happens to them, like hearing a beautiful piece of music or seeing something beautiful or being aroused by someone they love?
5 How fast does the fastest car go ?
4 What Southern California town is named after a character made famous by Edgar Rice Burroughs ?
4 What e -mail address does George Lucas have?
4 What country 's capital is Lagos ?
0 What is Plc?
1 What kind of dog is Scooby Doo?
3 What was her real name?
2 What does S.O.S. mean?
1 What Shakespeare piece begins with the line: ````` Now is the winter of our discontent..''''?
5 How many rings are there on a five-zone archery target ?
1 What mammal lives, breeds, eats and sleeps underground?
0 What is a wet dream ?
1 What was the alternate to VHS ?
5 How much did the first Barbie doll sell for in 1959 ?
0 What is the Lost Colony ?
3 What hockey player did Ronald Reagan joke he would swap Texas for ?
1 What was the name of Captain Bligh 's ship ?
4 What states do not have state income tax ?
0 What is the definition of cecum ?
0 What does the term 3 mean for a newspaper editor?
1 What 's the name of the Tampa newspaper ?
0 What do Mormons think?
1 What is the zodiac sign for August 14 ?
4 In what condition was Herbert Hoover born?
5 When was the last time Mount St. Helen had a significant outbreak?
1 Which Beatles disc cover honors the Rolling Stones ?
3 What six -foot temperament lawyer kept her axe in salons?
4 Which U.S. state has the most blondes?
3 Who was Whitcomb Judson?
1 What is money made of ?
1 Aspartame is also known as what?
1 What was the name of the TV show with Karl Madsen called San Francisco?
5 How many apple varieties are there?
4 What state capital comes last alphabetically ?
1 What five -time Kentucky Derby winner lost his first 25 -race?
3 Who is the leading competitor of Trans Union Company ?
0 How do cameras take pictures?
4 What are the Nordic nations ?
3 What title does comedian Henry Youngman claim ?
4 What country was Brian Boru an 11th-century king of ?
3 What are the major companies that are part of Dow Jones ?
3 What was Babe Ruth's name?
4 Where can I find the top one singles?
3 What golfer has been called Ohio Fats and Blobbo ?
1 What is the longest English word that can be made with only the first row of letters on a typewriter?
1 What newspaper serves Salt Lake City ?
4 In what country is Lund ?
5 How old is the sun?
0 What was the first Funk 'N Lata , Brazilian group , success ?
3 What Frenchman claimed the following ? If God did not exist , it would be necessary to invent him . ''
4 Where did Sergeant Steel get his metal hand?
3 Who wrote the best -selling Missionary Travels and Researches in South Africa, published in 1857?
0 What is the origin of the word'tampon'?
1 What was the name of the food of the Greek gods?
5 How long before Spider -Man's web evaporates?
1 What do humans catch zoonose diseases from ?
3 Who was Arthur H. Bremer trying to murder in May 15, 1972?
4 Which country has the most coastlines?
0 How do you box train a cat ?
0 What is thalassemia ?
5 What was the 1940 annual salary for a boilermaker ?
3 Who is the Greek God of the Sea ?
0 What is hebephrenia ?
3 In the movie Groundshog Day what is the name of the character played by Andie MacDowell ?
3 Who was the Minister of War in the Civil War during the Battle of Gettysburg?
1 What was the Bridge of San Luis Rey made of ?
3 Which U.S. President is buried in Washington D.C.?
2 What is the abbreviated form of the National Bureau of Investigation ?
4 What European capital celebrated its 2.000th anniversary in 1951?
3 Who invented the game Scrabble?
1 What product doubles your pleasure, doubles your fun?
1 What color is the stripe along each side of a Coho salmon ?
4 Where on the Internet can I find information on laundry detergent ?
4 Which state is known as Hawkeye State?
3 Who wanted to start the Great Society?
0 What causes headaches ?
0 Why did the Anglican Church break up with the Vatican?
3 Who is the director of intergovernmental affairs for the San Diego county ?
3 What president never held an elected office until he was elected to the White House?
1 What plants are there in a mouth?
1 Which luggage series is named after a famous American flyer?
1 What color is the ash?
0 How do I find info about rice importers in the world ?
1 What TV series featured Neal , a martini-drinking St. Bernard ?
0 What is the definition of a cascade ?
5 How many furlongs are there in a mile-and-a-quarter recetrack ?
3 Who was the first governor of Wyoming?
4 Where on the Internet can I find a song database similar to the International Lyrics server?
0 What is tetrinet?
0 What is pandoro ?
4 What Caribbean island is northeast of Trinidad ?
3 Who is buried in the great pyramid of Giza ?
0 What does N est-ce pas mean ?
3 Who created the World Wide Web , WWW ?
0 What is hydropower?
1 What TV show chronicled the lives of Katy Holstrum and Congressman Glen Morley ?
1 What does the Ouarterly Review of Doublespeak call an `` inoperative statement '' ?
