1 what are the descendants of vertebrate?
4 what stream flows through liverpool?
3 what decade cowboy star rides tony the wonder horse?
5 what's the busiest flight time period?
2 What does the word LASER mean ?
3 Which major diamond producer is based in South Africa ?
1 what were the first frozen food?
0 What does the word camaro mean , from the GM car the Camaro ?
5 What are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
1 what kind of roll of tobacco is a whole new world?
3 who is section manager for power and power systems at jpl?
4 What is the capital of Burkina Faso ?
0 what is the staff of life mentioned in the lord's worship?
1 what musical device did prewitt play in james jones's from here to eternity?
3 who played the father on "charles in cathexis"?
5 How long would it take to get from Earth to Mars ?
1 in kafka's metamorphosis, the hero wakes up one time period to learn that he has been turned into what?
0 what's the story of the bread?
5 of children between the age of two and eleven, what share watch ``the simpsons''?
0 what is the origin of boxing time unit?
1 what's the color part of the center called?
0 how do you match a name to a social security amount?
4 What nationality were the 123 people who died in the Black Hole of Calcutta ?
0 what is software highjacking?
3 who was the most famous substance editor of the new york times?
0 why do the chicken syphilis last so long?
1 what's a fear of outdoor sport?
1 which drink consists of rummy, coconut milk and pineapple?
4 what do we call the imaginary formation at the top of the rocky mountains?
5 what time period is the setting for shakespeare's midsummer night's dream?
5 How many `` No '' answers was the What 's My Line ? panel allowed ?
3 who sings angel eyes from the'80s?
0 what do i have to do to get good gathering at school?
5 what relation of a beaver's life is spent swimming?
0 How does color affect a person psychologically ?
4 What U.S. state lived under six flags ?
4 where is the merchant ship, lane victory, to turn the veterans of merchant marine into a floating depository?
3 what the french designer said: "the jean is the destructor! it's a dictator! it destroys creativity. jeans must be stopped!'' nope.
3 who's luke skywalker with his father?
3 which actress holds the record for most of the performances on the covering of life?
3 what kind of doctor is synonymous with brake shoe and foot care?
4 what municipality did christian crusaders fight to reclaim from the muslims?
5 how long will the border between canada and the 48 -nation administrative district last?
1 in what medium is stuart hammlen considered the first singing ranch hand?
3 which bread company has put cisco kid stickers at the goal of their packages?
4 where can i find message about the cyclone that hit new jersey on 8 /28 /1941?
0 Why did Europeans first come to Australia and Oceania ?
1 what are the most common element in the earth's crust?
3 which mayor made so many tv appearances that he was invited by aftra in 1984?
4 What are the Nordic nations ?
5 What year did Montana become a state ?
1 What is the West Virginia state animal ?
1 what boris pasternak book sells 5,0 copies to the fabrication bestseller of 1958?
0 what is a keeper contract?
4 in which administrative district was the first governor elected?
1 what illness has affected europe, africa and asia?
3 who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a internal organ?
3 which engineer invented the propulsion tab can?
5 how many years after high school does it take to become a surgeon?
5 What is the average time to kiss somene ?
0 what are the strengths and imperfection of the green lantern ring?
1 what episode of the 1933's did the german nazis use to justify emergency decrees, lock up opponents and gain more quality in themselves?
5 what's the problem with having a andiron on the beach?
1 what's wrong with a man United Nations agency suffers from diphalic terata?
3 what is the full name of the man United Nations agency invented the colourful dice that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations?
4 which country has the best defensive position in the board activity diplomacy?
3 who developed the first infectious disease vaccine?
5 what is the exchange magnitude relation for australian money for american money?
1 What film did Lee Marvin win the 1965 best actor Oscar for ?
4 what are the mountains between the river of arkansas and missouri?
1 What bird can swim but can 't fly ?
3 which former major league baseball musician was known as "space man"?
3 who invented the wonderbra?
0 what did cool hand luke go to correctional institution for?
1 what is the damage to the economy and polity caused by bureaucracy?
3 what was fred astaire's dance partner's language unit?
1 What is the longest English word ?
3 which british pop star of the 1960s and early 1970s was a child actress in the decade and 50s?
4 where can i find a lesson plan for teaching metric system transformation to american standard?
0 what is case?
3 what is the first personal computer ship's company?
3 who's the man behind the swine who pulls the strings and speaks for miss swinegy?
4 where in the united states do multitude live the longest?
5 When is the site www.questions.com going to open ?
0 What do the red-and-white stripes on a barbershop pole stand for ?
5 how hot does the department of the interior of an active volcano get?
3 what is the largest distillation company in the natural object?
1 what is the language unit of the islamic counterpart to the red cross?
3 Who bestowed great power upon Captain Britain ?
4 which political unit is known as big bear?
5 when did rokoko's painting and computer architecture develop?
4 which country is australia's largest export marketplace?
1 name the operating instrumentality running on ibm compatible machines.
5 In what year did Thatcher gain power ?
4 where can i find a list of all companies in america that offer a direct capital purchase plan?
5 how many opening are there in a bowling ball?
3 who owns cnn?
5 when did the jurassic period extremity?
2 What is IOC an abbreviation of ?
5 what is the approximate weight of a teaspoon concern in a black hole?
3 which ship's company was the original sponsor of tv's superman?
0 what's the computer for the respite of us?
1 what visual property haven't the ancient romans eaten?
1 What D.H. Lawrence novel was originally titled Tenderness ?
4 where does the world championship hundring take point every february?
1 what was originally defined as one millionth of the distance from the equator to the rod?
5 how many multitude in tucson?
1 what category of tree decorates the flag of lebanon?
3 who moderated the first kennedy nixon tv debate?
5 how many work unit are there in a big mac?
3 who said, "what despicable villain stole the cork from my lunch?"
3 who was the first person to study the celestial body?
3 what famous movie and tv ranch hand borrowed his name from a fast food chain?
1 what's a fear of woody plant?
3 what important person couple, during a divorce, split their toilet paper into two equal stacks?
4 which u.s. state is last on an alphabetical database?
0 What does hazmat stand for ?
0 how can i find online spelling and scoring exercises for my sixth critic?
1 what are close meeting of the first and second kind?
1 What is a ball that hits the foul pole called ?
5 how many category of lemurs are there?
0 how do you stop junk snail chain mail?
0 How does the tail affect the flight of a kite ?
3 who created the monster in mary shelley's novel frankenstein?
1 what's a fear of act?
0 what facial affair does walt disney sport s have that none of disney's employees are allowed?
1 what color is the strip on each side of a coho food fish?
1 which organism can live longest without food?
4 which state has the highest per capita consumption of cheese?
3 What 's the name of Popeye 's adopted son ?
5 how long before the typical american eats 23 -block crystal cream?
0 how do you build a solar cable car for a high school experiment?
1 what's a emotion of mess?
3 who wrote much ado about nothing?
3 What is the name of the managing director of Apricot Computer ?
5 how many url extensions are there? and what are they?
5 how much metallic element is in your body?
3 What knighted actor narrates TV 's The World at War ?
5 what will the california gas tax be in the 21st class?
0 why do people get hardening?
1 name li'l abner's favorite drink from india.
4 What Kentucky city calls itself The Horse Center of America ?
0 why are peanut butter cookie covered in crystals?
3 which actress holds the evidence for most of the performances on the cover of life?
0 what are the current immigration sacred text in the usa?
3 what are the big ship's company that are part of dow jones?
0 what does the greek language unit polis mean, like in minneapolis?
4 in what city was john f. kennedy elected corporate executive?
1 what is the smallest matter seen under the most powerful microscope, and how big is it?
0 Why are haunted houses popular ?
3 What female faith healer wrote the inspirational book I Believe in Miracles ?
4 what is homelite inc. home page?
1 What is a fear of pregnancy ?
4 What Australian city became the home of the America 's Cup ?
3 What occupation has the highest divorce rate ?
5 How large is the Arctic refuge to preserve unique wildlife and wilderness value on Alaska 's north coast ?
1 what historical event took home in dogtown in 1899?
4 what part of the worldly concern is mozambique in?
1 what was a california prayer record for an old west player?
5 When is Dick Clark 's birthday ?
1 what famous court game tournament's men's singles was fred perry the last englishman to win?
3 Who portrayed Renaud in Casablanca ?
4 what condition full of milk and honey was the target in the grapes of wrath?
1 what two semblance are you blind if you have protopy?
0 what is the point of middle eastern slang, ``you're damned'?
1 What is the folklore story regarding birds ' nests and birds in Christmas trees ?
5 what's the worldly concern record for the longest hair?
3 who's the man behind the slob who pulls the strings and speaks for miss slobgy?
0 how can i find someone's email address on the internet?
4 what is the web savoir-faire where i can find the email savoir-faire of a member of the us house of representatives?
3 who was the leading actress in the movie sleeplessness in seattle?
3 which 4 -foot -9 actor in 1984 became the first actor to win an oscar for playing a character of the other sex?
5 how many elevator do you drive to reach the top floor of the empire state building?
5 how much folic compound should a mother -to -be receive daily?
5 How many varieties of twins are there ?
3 who founded the association church?
5 what time period did hitler die?
3 who was the first x -man to die in fight?
5 how many linear unit are there from new york to austria?
1 are you referring to a medical science commonly used to combat aids?
4 what state is edmonton in?
1 what two parts of your natural object grow all your life?
5 what share of american men are alcoholics?
1 what message does morality have: ````who wants everything gets nothing''''?
0 why do multitude shake hands to show kindness?
0 How is silk screening done ?
0 what are the words to "my way" by paul anka?
1 What 's the official language of Algeria ?
5 How much did a McDonald 's hamburger cost in 1963 ?
1 what bombardment of 1966 has brought traveler back in prehistoric times?
1 The operating system that runs on IBM-compatible machines is called what ?
0 what are bear and bullshit markets?
0 how do camera take pictures?
1 which slope should a bowler hit the 3 -pin left or right with a view to a 37803 split?
5 what is the third calendar month of the gregorian calendar?
0 what is the point of ``barbeque''?
3 who founded a viking colony in greenland, say, 985?
3 which american naval serviceman broke japan's isolation policy in 1853?
4 Where 's the GUM department store ?
5 what is a perfect score in a sport exercise?
4 what is the highest mountain in the worldly concern?
4 What lake in Scotland is said to hold one or more monsters ?
5 how many american soldier have died for their country to this day?
3 who was president of costa rica in the 1994?
4 where are large education materials for parents and teachers?
5 what is the average being expectancy of a man in ireland in 1996?
3 who created scrooge's imaginary being?
3 which rhombus manufacturer controls about 80% of the world's rhombuss?
3 what's the name of joan jett's dance band?
3 which associate of the micronauts spent one year traveling the microverse to marvel comics?
1 which of the many numbered containers of scotch was best evaluated by an expert abstraction in 1863?
0 what timbre contribute to his "intelligence"?
3 Who was the first President to appoint a woman to head a cabinet ?
3 What well-known actor is the father of star Alan Alda ?
5 When was the USSR dissolved ?
1 What football bowl game 's first queen was Hallie Woods ?
0 how do i find a object address for a company?
1 what is a fear of the home plate environment?
1 what visual property are the flowers of a cherry tree?
5 what are the chances of pregnancy if the penis does not enter the duct?
1 what is the formula for calculating principal investigator?
3 who has the air passage with pearls like ``do you love me'? get naked, baby! nope.
1 which magazine is "fine conversation for world"?
3 which director made a silent and sound interpretation of the ten commands?
1 what needs to be produced in a habeas corpus writ?
4 which country claimed rubens, van dyck and bruegel as national?
3 who liberated sicily and naples?
0 how does a jurisprudence become a jurisprudence?
0 why do they call crystal cups crystal cups?
3 What actress starred in `` The Lion in Winter '' ?
4 Where can I find correct tabs for Third Eye Blind songs ?
0 What is a courier ?
3 Who lives at 24 Sussex Drive , Ottawa ?
3 Who won the Battle of Gettysburg ?
3 which performer was the perfect fool?
0 what are fruit tree?
5 What number is at 12 o 'clock on a dartboard ?
4 what was the former residency of the scottish kings in edinburgh?
1 What was the monster in Spielberg 's film `` Jaws '' ?
0 What is Colin Powell best known for ?
0 Why are there 12 people on a jury in criminal cases ?
3 what stuffed tv fictional character was born in baghdad?
1 what is the fear of the machine called?
1 what kind of explosive do you get when you mix carbon, sulfur and saltpeter?
1 what's the concern of frogs?
3 Who won World War II ?
3 Name the two youngsters saved by the animated Moby Dick .
3 Who is Prince Naseem Hamed ?
4 what design is a hunter with a cross and shield?
3 who invented the game of bowling?
0 why don't you have some kind of competition where you ask a question and who finds the answers wins a gift?
3 world health organization is the son -in -law of sen everett dirkson, world health organization was also a senator of the 70s?
1 what james michener publication is subtitles for spanish travel and reflections?
1 what is chiricahua's language unit?
0 how does your body covering roll?
4 which area produces the least acidic beverage?
0 How do wasps make their nests ?
1 what is the only primate that has no pigment in its palm?
3 who moderated the first kennedy nixon tv debate?
3 Who thought he 'd never see a poem lovely as a tree ?
3 world health organization's the only man world health organization's won the olympic ten -game twice?
5 how far is the natural object?
1 what word appears 46,227 time in the bible?
4 what's the biggest office pulley in the world?
0 what is a specialist?
3 who played the title function in my favorite martian?
0 what is a transcript of basidiomycetes?
1 what six words follow the formation ```from a boy to a king''''''''?
4 What country was the setting of You Only Live Twice ?
3 who won the nobel peace prize in 1991?
4 what was the only country in the western hemisphere that contributed to the russian -led protest of the 1984 summer olympics?
5 how many copies of an album do you have to sell to make it a precious metal album?
1 put the defamation of james a. michener's books in the following places?
0 What 's the origin of the word ` news ' ?
4 What web sites are linked to the Report on Genesis Eldercare ?
5 how many multitude have died of tuberculosis?
1 What flag flies over Wake Island ?
0 what is the point of the word "magic"?
0 why does the star only shine for a short time in alaska?
5 Approximately how many students are enrolled at the University of Massachusetts ?
1 What was the first English play written exclusively for children ?
5 how many copies of an medium do you have to sell to make it a gold medium?
5 when did the royal wedding of prince andrew and fergie take point?
0 What does Aaron mean ?
1 what's the name of the lens behind the iris in the sense organ?
0 why do they call ice rink cups ice rink cups?
1 what credit paper does a centurion have on his face?
4 what london street claims to be the natural object center for men's tailoring?
4 name the largest political unit in south america.
4 which two administrative district encompass chesapeake bay?
0 What is the history of skateboarding ?
5 how many centimeters away are pins in the artifact next to each other?
1 What was the first Gilbert and Sullivan opera ?
1 What piece of jewelry is pictured on Monopoly 's Luxury Tax space ?
3 Who created the comic strip , `` Garfield '' ?
1 what is the best room to remove wallpaper?
3 which buxom blonde appeared on the cover of more than five cartridge holder?
4 where did he get the claim?
3 What British general surrendered to the colonial army at Saratoga ?
1 what three colors of ink are used to print a u s dollar beak?
1 what is another name for sweetening?
3 who was the first trainer of the cleveland browns?
1 what broadway musical contained the musical composition ```if i were a rich man?''
4 what are the four largest mountain ranges on the asian landmass?
4 where did freidreich wilhelm ludwig leithardt, prussian born internet explorer, go to school?
1 what semblance are the flowers of a cherry tree?
1 What was Hitler 's favorite movie ?
5 What are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?
3 who's the nebbish marvel's official mascot?
5 What is the average cost for four years of medical school ?
5 what is the highest number of residence runs on record for a game?
3 Who was the author of the famous fairy tale `` Snow White and Seven Dwarfs '' ?
0 what was the nato people's apology for attacking the chinese embassy?
0 what are the short - and long -term effects of drink minors?
0 how do you measure the estrus of the sun?
0 how to make the easter feast panoramic sugar testis that with the scene inside?
0 what do you call the haircut that new soldier get?
1 what is a fear of nox or darkness?
0 how do computer like yahoo and excite make money?
0 what function does equilibrium have on the existence of an organism?
4 which islands have their language unit from the spanish baja mar, meaning shallow water?
1 what tv quiz show left the air in 1975 to vote vera lynn's "we'll meet again"?
1 What constitutes an adult ?
1 what category of hunting are retrievers used for?
4 What 's the second-highest mountain in the world ?
5 what's the power of the badminton equipment boosters?
3 who was the second man to walk on the lunar month?
0 What made the short-lived Star Hawks strip so unique ?
1 What is the organizational structure of the New Delhi Indira Gandhi airport ?
1 which press paid $5,000 for an eight -millimeter film by john f. kennedy's murder?
3 who's coronado?
0 what is the point of the phrase of writing practice ````now is the time for all good men to support their country''''''''''''''''''
1 what irwin allen bomb said richard widmark will be "the first officer in history to be kicked in the ass by a bunch of bug!" nope.
1 what is the most efficient property to start a barbecue?
4 what is the highest landmass?
1 What animals did The Amazing Three masquerade as ?
3 Who won the rugby world cup in ?
1 what's the fastest and easiest way to get nail polish out of your apparel?
3 what boxer's life message is raging bull?
0 how did the content of the best man begin?
1 what do goldfish lose if they are kept in dark or running binary compound?
3 What was Fred Astaire 's dancing partner 's name ?
1 Who were John F. Kennedy 's dogs ?
0 What does Ouija mean ?
5 how much is the regular monetary value?
1 on what flight did fawaz youni commit air piracy and prisoner -taking?
0 what's a canada two fractional monetary unit black?
0 How is the element strontium purified ?
5 how many equine died in the civil war?
1 what must be exceeded to create a sound noise?
1 What color were their horses ?
1 what is the name of a date containing sequence book, such as 9 -8 -98?
0 what is the origin of the proverb ```a sewing in time saves nine''?
5 How many languages does the Pope speak ?
1 what does it take to be a leader?
5 what is the youngest property that a boy or girl can have an orgasm?
1 What `` melts in your mouth , not in your hands '' .
5 how many linear unit are there from frankfurt to salzburg, austria?
4 where can i find a lesson design for teaching metric system conversion to american standard?
1 What is a fear of food ?
5 How much will the California be in the year 2000 ?
1 what color are seven out of ten building in the united states?
5 how many american enlisted person have disappeared from the vietnam war?
4 where do i find the schematics for the windshield windshield wiper?
3 what was the name of the leslie hornby hypothesis?
1 what drug fascinated sigmund freud while experimenting with the discussion of neurostasis?
0 how come a doughnut has a hole in it?
1 what is a emotion of bright light?
3 who put fatman on "jake and the fatman"?
1 what brings sperm to the pelvic location?
1 what's the sensation that kills the others?
4 which u.s. state has the lowest altitude at six feet?
3 who said he killed 4,280 buffalo as food for thyminehe crew thymine hathymine builthymine thyminehe kansas pacific railway?
5 What is the chemical reactivity of argon ?
3 name the specialist of the shoe that has produced millions of imitations of plastic, known as ``jelly'.
0 why is cotton caught in blower?
1 what is the language unit of the "female pendant" to el nino, which leads to cold temperatures and very dry weather?
0 how do you find out what can be claimed as a subsidiary rate for financial gain tax purposes?
5 When did Spain and Korea start ambassadorial relations ?
4 which political unit does the mont -blanc tunnel enter?
4 where does barney rubble go to work after dropping fred off in the "flintstones" wit series?
3 who was the first corporate executive to appoint a woman to head a cabinet?
5 when do gothic art and computer architecture thrive?
1 what was the education system in the decade?
3 What two historical figures , who fought each other in a famous battle , each have a food named after them ?
5 When was the women 's suffrage amendment ratified ?
0 how do they find or choose witnesses to an corporal punishment?
2 what does the form aids stand for?
3 What are the characters ' names in the Scooby-Doo cartoon ?
0 what causes rima ulcers?
1 what was the name of the equine that fell on queen elizabeth, prince albert's wife?
5 when did the iraqi force attack kuwait?
5 hitler came to power in germany in what time period?
3 what heading does the comedian henry youngman claim?
0 what is the proud claim to fame of the young women world health organization formed kappa alpha theta?
1 which two ships led the first ocean battle between iron ships?
0 What is the difference between a college and a university ?
5 how many colors are there in a bow?
0 what is the explanation of cecum?
5 when are you planting winter cereal?
1 what is the word for a bet before cards are dealt?
4 What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?
3 which actor was the first man to appear on mccall's covering?
0 What 's a male `` cuckquean '' ?
3 what multi -talented academy grant -winning director missed a college course in film production?
3 who were the picts?
1 What 's the international radio code word for the letter F ?
4 which country has difficulty with hooligans?
1 what's another language unit for diet?
1 the first queen of the contact sport game was hallie woods?
1 what did people use to freshen their hint before the toothpaste?
1 what slipstream is 1137 miles long?
5 When did Rococo painting and architecture flourish ?
0 what is residence banking?
5 What year was Desmond Mpilo Tutu awarded the Nobel Peace Prize ?
1 which side of the face do most creator prefer to show in self -portraits?
5 What is Dick Clark 's date of birth ?
3 what group asked the musical questioning do you believe in magic?
1 Which infectious disease kills the most people worldwide ?
1 what kind of imaginary being is the imaginary being in the movie "jaws"?
3 who portrayed maggio in the product from here to eternity?
1 what people am i in?
5 how many educational institution districts are there in the united states?
0 what is the message of uol?
1 what historical consequence took place in dogtown in 1899?
4 what condition full of beverage and honey was the target in the grapes of wrath?
0 what is the use of a 24 -hour timepiece instead of a 12 -hour timepiece?
5 how many people were killed in wars, armed battle?
1 What condiment do the Dutch dip their French fries in ?
5 how many cubic feet of attribute does a gallon of water occupy?
4 what ocean borders mauritania?
5 how much medium of exchange can you pay if you have a dog on the beach?
3 What President dispatched a cruiser to carry Charles Lindbergh home after his epic flight ?
1 what famous tennis tournaforcet's force's singles was fred perry the last englishman to win?
0 what is the daily need for folic compound for a mother -to -be?
0 What is the `` fourth dimension '' ?
0 What happened to Answers.com ?
1 what molecules are chemical element, sodium and magnesium?
1 on what t.v. display could tom terrific be found?
0 how do you get gumwood out of the carpet?
2 What is the abbreviation of the National Bureau of Investigation ?
4 w hat area did w.c. fields keep his library in?
3 who is the only prime minister of canada who has served for 22 -years but not necessarily consecutively?
3 who's colin powell?
0 why do woman have to wear training bras?
1 what paper game does the wheel of fortune, the lovers and death contain?
0 what do you call to call a car in madrid?
1 what's the only visual property johnny cash wears on stage?
0 Why is the development of space so important ?
4 What nationality is a Sicilian ?
3 Whom did Lauren Bacall marry after her husband Humphrey Bogart died ?
4 where do i get information and statistic on countries and nations?
4 what french port claims to be the house of wines?
3 who was sherlock holmes' archenemy?
5 what are the average monetary value for four years of medical school?
1 what is the most efficient room to start a barbecue?
4 where does the classical music singer ileana cotrubas come from?
1 What is the one thing you need before you can purchase life insurance ?
3 who are the nomadic hunters and gatherers of the kalahari desert in africa?
0 What is the spectrum of a sine wave ?
0 how did the seventh inning beginning?
0 what is the origin of the word "homicide"?
3 what soviet drawing card had a rolls -royce?
3 What card company sells Christmas ornaments ?
2 what does u s r mean?
0 What is typhoid fever ?
1 What animal has been called The Poor Man 's Cow ?
4 what is the name of the state that ruled hitler?
1 what scale measures geological phenomenon?
4 which state was brian boru, king of the xi? ==references ==
1 are you referring to the story of chris van allsburg, where a boy tries to become a great bluejacket?
4 What island group contains Jersey , Guernsey , Sark and Herm ?
1 what's the international radio language unit for the letter b?
0 what is an urban story?
1 in vladimir nabokov's novel, professor humbert falls in love with a 12 -year -old woman?
3 who provides telephone servicing in orange county, california?
1 What are the different types of plastic ?
3 who's westview high's dance band director at funky winkerbean?
1 what color are school bus topology?
3 who wrote the secret being of walter mitty?
1 what's wrong with a man who suffers from diphalic fetus?
0 what is the lineage of the word ozymandias?
5 how many points are the symbol for ``causal agent''?
0 What type of childhood did Jules Verne have ?
0 what facial mathematical relation does walt disney sport s have that none of disney's employees are allowed?
4 what is the internet address of the list of email savoir-faire of members of the house of representatives?
0 what are the deviation between 1980 and 1990?
4 which political unit is the home of heineken beer?
5 how many times a class does the american gourd society publish the gourd?
3 which company manufactures visual communication game hardware sells the ````````super system''?
1 what is the term for the sum of all genetic substances in a particular living thing?
0 what makes the body shiver at cold temperature?
4 on what island are sculpture called mouse?
4 What city houses the U.S. headquarters of Procter and Gamble ?
1 What late-night TV show features Larry , Bud , Melman and Toast on a Stick ?
3 Name a band which was famous in the 1960 's .
0 What is the definition of `` chancery '' file in real estate ?
4 which lake is the reservoir of the white nile?
0 How do you send a movie transcript to Hollywood so that it can be produced into a film ?
2 What does the `` c '' stand for in the equation E=mc2 ?
4 what nationality were the 123 multitude who died in the black hole in calcutta?
1 in which deodorant did tenants have adjacent medicine cabinet?
0 how did p.t. barnum record for the tiny charles s. stratton?
0 what happens when sodium is given in water system?
1 what's a emotion of being dirty?
1 what dickens fiction does david have with the message "barkis" to peggy?
1 what three semblance of ink are used to print a u s dollar bill?
3 who is prince naseem hamed?
1 what's the only color johnny cash clothing on stage?
1 what agent fascinated sigmund freud while experimenting with the treatment of neurostasis?
3 Who 's baby was Sweet Pea on the Popeye cartoon ?
0 what is the origin of blue for boys and pink for daughter?
4 where can shares be traded on channel?
1 what shuttlecock can swim but cannot fly?
3 What comedienne upstaged Dwight D. Eisenhower 's first inauguration by giving birth to her first child ?
4 What countries have the largest armed forces in the world ?
4 what name of the continent appears on the upper left area of a budweiser label?
5 How many years old is Benny Carter ?
3 who was the baron who was forced to agree to the magna carta?
0 what is recruitment consultation technology?
1 what language unit appears 46,227 times in the bible?
0 what is the purpose of the sysrq device on my computer deviceboard?
3 What Democratic prankster waved the train out of the station while Richard Nixon spoke from the caboose ?
3 which painter popularized brillo's soup buttocks and soap boxes?
3 Who wrote the sci-fi trilogy Foundation , Foundation and Empire , and Second Foundation ?
1 What are the names of the different toes ?
3 Name the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse .
5 what time period does a local activity normally take place?
5 how long is a baseball pitcher rubber eraser?
1 what kind of dinner was invented in 1916 at the george jung pasta factory in los angeles?
5 how many kind of skunks are there?
5 How many points is a bullseye worth in darts ?
5 how many countries export beverage?
1 what card plot can the dealer choose to play?
5 what percenthistoric period of children between the historic period of two and eleven "the simpsons"?
3 What is the name of Joan Jett 's band ?
3 which engineer invented the puff tab can?
1 name four comic strip about pilots.
4 Where is Procter & Gamble based in the U.S. ?
1 What magazine paid Ernest Hemingway $15 a word to write a bullfighting article ?
1 what is the term tennis to come from the french word for testis?
1 what's the name of kevin costner's product about sioux indians?
1 what war saw a sea military action between cap trafalgar and carmania?
3 What president 's ghost is said to haunt the White House ?
3 in dana's two years before the mast, which sailors lived in an abandoned furnace on the geological formation of san diego?
5 What season begins with the vernal equinox ?
3 what card ship's company sells christmas jewelry?
4 what city is the district of hell's kitchen in?
0 What information can you get me on Fairground Park in St. Louis
1 what was hitler's favorite product?
1 what was the first lifesaver sensation?
0 Why was the zipper invented ?
2 what does the e support for in equation e =mc2?
1 What household products are there for adult acne ?
1 What do bicornate animals have two of ?
5 how loud is noise?
4 what's the rocket home?
5 when did the iraqi troop attack kuwait?
5 how many ballplayer occupy the shelf next to the kneeling woman in edgar degas 1886 paintings the tub?
3 Who followed Caesar ?
3 Name of the lady the Great Gatsby pines for ?
4 where do you find the answers to all these questioning?
0 What is white chocolate ?
0 what's the difference between jazz and black music?
1 what ship decline in nantucket killed more divers in its exploration than the 52 -people it sank with?
3 who's behind the name of harvey wallbanger's swallow?
3 What cigarette company urged us , `` Come to where the flavor is ? ''
3 what was the name of the lawyer United Nations agency represented randy craft?
0 What is the origin of the Christmas tree ?
1 what operating instrumentality runs on ibm -compatible machines?
5 how long is a baseball pitcher latex?
3 what was the christian name of the heading character in our miss brooks?
3 What name did football 's New York Titans adopt in 1963 ?
4 What country has the largest sheep population ?
1 what tv entertainment changed the names to protect the innocent?
0 how do you build a solar car for a high educational institution experiment?
1 what are other ways, stretching strips other than physical condition, weight loss and weight loss?
1 What playing card symbolizes death ?
3 who sued dannon yougurt for using a character named ron raider for promotion?
3 Who graced the airwaves with such pearls as `` Do ya lo-o-ove me ? Get naked , baby ! '' ?
5 how many emperors were in the roman empire?
5 how many people are there in the worldly concern?
0 how do i know my person were at the trail of tears?
3 What Nobel laureate was expelled from the Philippines before the conference on East Timor ?
5 When was the Battle of Hastings ?
4 where was the sixth annual meeting of indonesian and malaysian forest person?
5 in what year was the cartoon imaginary being chilly willy created?
0 How do I get another city 's newspaper ?
5 how much did the iran contra probe cost?
4 What are the four largest mountain ranges on the Asian continent ?
1 what kind of angiosperm does detective nero wolfe grow?
4 What are the world 's four oceans ?
1 the novel by robert louis stevenson was inspired by deacon william brodie, a furniture builder by sidereal day and burglar by night?
3 who was foreign minister during the nixon government?
1 what race is 1137 linear unit long?
2 what is a "usb" port on a machine?
5 How many holes are there in a tenpin bowling ball ?
0 how can i call a friend in another country if i don't know the phone act?
3 who delivered his latest information on march 6, 1981?
1 What kind of tree graces Lebanon 's flag ?
1 what's the name of the tiger United Nations agency throws corn flakes for frost flakes?
5 how many people are bigger than seven metric linear unit?
1 What was the sequel to The Moon 's Balloon ?
3 which of the following celebrity started his show -biz career as a discjockey?
4 what is the internet address of the list of email addresses of associate of the house of representatives?
5 what is the people of india?
1 what is a fear of bright actinic radiation?
3 What TV comedian worked with White Fang , Black Tooth and Pookie the Lion ?
3 who's westview high's band administrator at funky winkerbean?
3 who was the first taiwanese president?
0 What is the recommended daily requirement for folic acid for pregnant women ?
5 how many wings does a tent-fly have?
5 how was thatcher's entrance to power after ten years?
0 what is the root of transgression?
1 What do Italians call Florence ?
4 where are the busiest amtrak devotion in the united states?
0 How does Cos Cob , CT get its name ?
0 how to outline a message?
4 what capital is built around the circle monument, which contains soldiers and sailor?
1 what 12 -hour cold medicine does the formula ```` 6, 6, 12''use in their ad?
0 how do you type chinese imaginary being on a keyboard?
4 which metropolis landmark was first presented in the 1940s superman wit?
1 what 1950s movie won seven oscars, including the best mental picture?
3 What comic of TV 's golden age went by the motto `` Anything for a laugh '' ?
0 what is the origin of the son "magic"?
4 What London street is the home of British journalism ?
3 what message did the football coach tell in the movie run to daylight?
3 which corporate executive was the first congressman to sign up after the attack on pearl harbor?
3 which of the following performer worked in new york's jiddish theater?
1 what leoncavallo opera shows a prologue of a fool?
5 how many stradivarius violin have you ever produced?
0 what is the classic definition of the tragic champion?
0 why does www.answers.com not have answers to my question?
3 What U.S. Congressman said : `` Keep the faith , baby '' .
3 who sang the sung "hooked on a feeling" in the dancing baby episode of ally mcbeal?
3 which performer was the first man to appear on mccall's cover?
5 how long is a ball game pitcher rubber?
1 what films showed the fictional character of popeye doyle?
3 who said, "give me freedom or give me death?"
3 what doctor in a 1946 -book say there's such a thing as a bad boy?
3 What U.S. university boasts the largest library ?
4 what e -mail code does george lucas have?
1 What are the developmental stages of a swimmer ?
2 what does the word laser mean?
0 how can i find out which municipality have cable modem access?
0 What do you need to do to marry someone in jail ?
1 in what war did florence nightingale provide the force?
0 how do Protestant make nests?
1 What color is the stripe along each side of a Coho salmon ?
3 Which police department made the largest cocaine seizure ever in Ventura County ?
3 which actor holds the record for most of the performances on the cover of life?
3 what democratic joke ball dragged the public transport out of the station while richard nixon was talking about caboose?
3 who invented the radio?
0 how do you make a million dollar?
3 who was the chairman of the international olympic committee at the 1936 summer games?
0 how do you get date with the hooters girls?
0 what is the lost body?
5 the choice of 900, 740 -woody plant to have planted a woody plant will cost how much?
3 who is the head of the world bank?
5 when was child class abolished?
3 whose motor vehicle went from washington d.c. to springfield, illinois?
3 who was the star of 1965 broadway hit golden boy?
5 What is President Nixon 's birthdate ?
5 how much money was the minimum regular payment in 1991?
1 what was the name of betty boop's andiron?
5 How high must a mountain be to be called a mountain ?
1 Which thrilled taste buds first - Snickers or 3 Musketeers ?
1 what was the activity system in the 1960s?
3 who was the woman in peter sellers' soup?
0 What is the Home Rule Act ?
1 What card game has variations called Canfield , Klondike and Spider ?
4 in sinclair lewis ``main street,''what was the name of the typical american municipality?
3 who created scrooge's character?
4 What 's the largest island in the West Indies ?
0 What does `` intractable plantar keratoma '' mean ?
5 how many kinds of dogs' detective are there - three
3 which company has the internet spectator mosaic?
0 How is carbon dioxide removed from natural gas ?
0 What is the origin of the name ` Scarlett ' ?
4 which country does the mont -blanc tunnel enter?
0 how does the movie black music screen work?
3 which jockey won 17 -triple crown slipstream?
3 which major league baseball unit has set the best record to win between 1957 and 1983?
3 what kind of clientele is this?
5 How many questions are on this thing ?
3 what is an model of a famous rock band from the sixties?
5 when did communist power end in hungary?
4 what asian city boasts the largest bowling alley in the worldly concern?
1 What feud ended with a marriage in Kentucky on March 21 , 1891 ?
5 how many small clientele are there in the usa.
2 what does the number ````5''stand for on fubu consumer goods?
4 which political unit did the romans call hibernia?
0 What is habeas corpus ?
4 which scandinavian das kapital is built on nine bridges connected islands?
5 What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?
0 What were the first words spoken on a film sound track ?
3 what are the only players who can score component in roller derby?
3 who was the actor who played sam in the product casablanca?
5 How many years ago did the ship Titanic sink ?
5 what is the day of the boxing day?
5 what are the odds that at least two out of 25 people have the same anniversary?
5 how much can you pay for having a canine on the beach?
3 what comedian calls her buddy -in -law captain bligh and her mother -in -law moby dick?
3 What store claims to be the world 's largest department store ?
3 what charwoman have made sigmund freud erotic dreams?
3 who said, "soldiers win the battles and generals get the glory?"
3 who loved flash gordon but dale?
1 what color poker fragment is normally assigned to the lowest value?
3 what famous kernel company went out of business because it became known that the underworld sold them kangaroo kernel?
3 what force did mack sennett create?
0 what's a coup de poing for a french packer?
0 how did people react to the theme of the first millennium?
1 which semblance are most sensitive to light?
4 what was the topographic point of edgar allen poe?
1 What were millions of kids wearing on their heads in 1955 ?
1 what six word follow the line ```from a boy to a king''''''''?
0 what are amaretto cookie?
4 What is one of the cities that the University of Minnesota is located in ?
1 what was the killer large person that died of a fungal infection called sea world?
5 in what class was janet jackson's first album released?
1 what is the region sign for august 14?
3 In the past 8 years who have the MVP players for the NHL been ?
0 how can i find a tilt of celebrities' real names?
0 What 's the staff of life mentioned in the Lord 's Prayer ?
1 What 's a male witch called ?
4 What is the most useful site on the Internet ?
1 what's a emotion of slime?
1 in which movie or in which movies did jude law appear?
0 what is thalassemia?
1 what major struggle was fought in belgium in 1815?
0 what's the deviation between hair and fur?
5 how many sweetening are there in the small intestine?
3 who is the president of stanford university?
3 who replaced bert parks as the host of miss america?
3 what fool isn't smart enough to lose an curse to win a paradise?
4 What two European countries entered the War of American Independence against the British ?
1 What is the nickname of the Cleveland Indians ?
3 what initials of the fast food magnate decorated the left sleeve of the san diego padres baseball uniforms in 1984?
1 what therapy is trying to trigger the "cry"?
5 how many furlongs are there in a linear unit and a quarter?
1 What does Playboy title its `` continuing dialog on contemporary issues between Playboy and its readers '' ?
1 what is an dispatch to climb mountains?
5 how much does it cost to produce and send junk message catalogues on average or whatever is available in the usa? dt cd nn nn
5 How long does James Bond like his eggs boiled ?
4 what country surrounds san marino, the smallest political system in the world?
1 what movie ends with the channel `````````this is mrs. norman maine''?
5 How many web servers are there ?
3 who was darth vader's male offspring?
3 who said he killed 4,280 bison as food for the crew t hat built the kansas pacific railway?
4 What constellation is known as The Water Bearer ?
1 what's a concern of robbers?
3 Who was the first X-Man to die in battle ?
3 what was the duty of the medieval guild?
5 How many flavors of ice cream does Howard Johnson 's have ?
3 Who wrote `` The Pit and the Pendulum '' ?
0 how does the nintendo zapper activity?
1 what bowling game started as an east -west contest between michigan and stanford in the 192's?
1 what is the celtic symbol for ``being''?
0 how can i get an email savoir-faire from someone?
1 what is the mathematical statement for calculating pi?
2 what is mikhail gorbachev's middle letter?
0 how do you determine the heating prerequisite for your home?
4 which scandinavian capital is built on nine labor leader connected islands?
3 name the blind sculptor who fell in sexual love with the fantastic four.
5 how many years of bad condition follow a broken mirror?
1 what color tennis game equipment are used on wimbledon?
3 what soviet person had a rolls -royce?
4 what french seaport assertion to be the house of wines?
0 What is graduate school ?
3 which author of the "days of our lives cookbook" participated in the "days of our lives" in 198's as liz chandler?
1 what does an angry car owner margin call iron oxide?
0 how can i find a list of -, facsimile - and e -mail addresses for the massachusetts personnel department?
5 how much would it cost to buy a 2 -foot quadratic party world with page?
3 Who was the 3rd president of the United States ?
5 how much was the value for the vacuum products department varian associates?
3 who is the greek spiritual being of the sea?
1 What was the eighth day following the Nones in each month of the Roman calendar called ?
4 where did the uke come from?
0 what is a virtual ip code?
3 what was the name of the american helicopter pilot United Nations agency was shot down over north korea?
5 how many miles is a ten k score?
2 what does the son laser mean?
1 what is a method that is often used to detect birth defects?
4 where did the telegram cars go down clay street in 1873?
0 what effect does a prism have on the actinic radiation?
1 what do you call a book of punctuation?
3 who's terrence malick?
4 What U.S. state does the Continental Divide leave to enter Canada ?
4 in which state does the nile originate?
1 who were john f. kennedy and the dogs?
0 what is the point of infinity?
0 what is the difference between unit and compounds?
1 what is the language unit of the cartoons dialogue circle?
3 what is japan's largest motor vehicle manufacturer?
1 what shuttlecock goes into the limelight after the chinese year of the monkey?
4 where do i get information about cystic pathology?
5 how many israeli athlete were killed at the munich olympics?
5 How long do cardinal eggs incubate ?
5 How many Russians have landed on the moon ?
5 what sidereal day is august 13, 1971?
1 what colour of dry wine should be served with veal roasts and tableware?
5 how many cables support the main series of the golden gate bridge?
2 What does U.S.S.R. stand for ?
1 What is the name of the song that Dracula plays on the organ ?
1 what british television ordering did emma peel contain?
0 why has shea & gould closed its agency in l.a.?
5 what are the dimensions of an ice field game goal?
4 What South Korean city is served by Kimpo International Airport ?
4 What is a reliable site that I can download Heretic 2 ?
5 what are vessel caps with presidents' pictures inside?
1 What William Makepeace Thackeray novel was made into a film by Stanley Kubrick ?
1 what animal poses the greatest threat to homo?
5 what's the first day of the workweek?
4 What country was Erich Honecker the leader of ?
3 who coined the condition nn cyberspace in his novel nn neuromancer?
1 what was the name of betty boop's canine?
5 When does menstruation begin ?
3 What company markets a shampoo `` for brunettes only '' ?
5 How tall is the giraffe ?
4 where can i find up -to -date information on artifact temperature on the coast, preferably along north america and the caribbean?
0 how does the movie blues surface work?
3 what vietnamese terrorist is now a un representative to doonesbury?
1 what collection is collectionified as a bourgeoisie?
0 what is the origin of head louse?
4 which peruvian city is residence to the mummified body of francisco pizaro?
1 What Erica Jong novel deals with Isadora Wing 's fear ?
4 what are some good medical pages for data?
3 what new orleans d.a. said: "my peer and i solved the bombing weeks ago"?
0 what do economist do?
3 What little boy and dog live in a shoe ?
1 How do you say , `` I love you '' in other languages ?
0 what is the story of hot wheels car and how are they produced?
3 who wrote brave new world?
5 When was Yemen reunified ?
3 which baron is satirized in the line ```the baron was in the countinghouse and counted all his money'''''?
1 what category of food makes you fat?
1 What Dickens novel has David carrying the message `` Barkis is willin '' to Peggy ?
0 what was the rally call of the early american radical?
0 how do you find chemical reaction numbers?
0 What is a bourdon tube ?
1 what's a fear of worm?
1 what color was crayola's 100 -billionth methamphetamine?
1 what has the chinese emperor presented to the english soldier gordon in realization of his service in fighting insurgency?
5 how many meter in a mile?
0 What is object-oriented design ?
3 Who was the second person ever to wear Iron Man 's armor ?
1 What are the 7 principles of learning from the Institute for Research on Learning , IRL ?
3 who's the voyager project leader?
4 what are the four ocean of the world?
0 Where did the term `` 69 '' come from ?
0 what's the fib of buffalo chicken wings?
1 what's the name of jacques cousteau's inquiry vessel?
3 who gave captain britannia great quality?
0 what was the notorious performance of the u -2 bomber of germany?
0 what is the point of the christmas tree?
4 What Russian seaport has a name meaning `` Lord of the East '' ?
3 who played with julie andrews in mary poppins?
3 what famous exemplar was married to billy joel?
0 why do some airplane have a steam trail, others don't?
1 What holidays or observances are celebrated in Italy ?
3 Who replies `` I know '' to Princess Leia 's confession `` I love you '' in The Empire Strikes Back ?
5 what century is the environment for tv's the adventures of robin hood?
3 what are the names of two old men world health organization appear on the muppet show?
3 who was the first black adult in the folies bergeres?
1 what happens to the six -foot musca domestica when it comes to a building?
0 how does a copier activity?
3 who played al jolson in the jolson message?
1 what pin is flying over wake island?
5 independent silver forge's record for what percentage of silver production?
4 what is the longest home name in the united states?
0 why is it addictive to cough syrup not to drive while you're on this drug?
0 What are the most common causes of death in the U.S. ?
3 world health organization was the columbia pictures head world health organization forged the name of the actor cliff robertson on a $1.000 check?
2 What does NECROSIS mean ?
4 what former royal palace served as a granary, prison, arsenal, leprosy, mint, apparatus station and puff before becoming an art museum?
0 what is the origin of the language unit "magic"?
4 where can i find a moral plan for teaching metric system conversion to american standard?
0 what is criminal?
1 what category of monster is the monster in the movie "jaws"?
1 what was the eighth day after the nun in each month of the roman calendar called?
0 what is the daily motivation for folic acid for a mother -to -be?
1 which food appliance are used for disabled children?
4 what's the name of the satellite the ewoks live on?
3 what the california governor said, "inact can be the highest form of act"?
1 what color poker chip is normally assigned to the lowest numerical quantity?
3 Which Ventura County police department seized the largest cocaine shipment in it 's history ?
3 who was the first russian astronaut in space?
0 what are twelve?
1 what category of animal is the lightest -kept pet there is?
1 What was the first domesticated bird ?
1 What dangles over the tongue from the palate ?
3 in the decade, who maintained the endurance of the pilots?
1 what 1981 candice bergen - jacqueline bisset film was a creation of 1943's old acquaintance?
4 Where is it planned to berth the merchant ship , Lane Victory , which Merchant Marine veterans are converting into a floating museum ?
0 where does braun's last language unit come from?
5 What month did the Edmund Fitzgerald sink ?
0 what did fcc chairman newton minow say about broadcasting in may 9, 1961?
1 What can one see in Reims ?
5 what geological case are we living in?
5 What is the world record for the longest hair ?
1 What 's the only work by Michelangelo that bears his signature ?
3 who was the columbia pictures head who forged the language unit of the actor cliff robertson on a $1.000 check?
0 how do you throw an initiation organization?
1 what was the name of sergeant preston of the yukon's escort dog?
3 who built the rotary engine?
3 who was shakespeare with the moorish general?
1 what is the term tennis to come from the french language unit for egg?
5 what is the value of tuberculosis medication?
0 What effect does LSD have on the brain ?
1 what came first, after genesis 1: 2: 22 - the chicken or the ovum?
3 what russian master secret agent lived in the united states under the name emil goldfus?
4 what city has the oldest kinship as a sisterhood with los angeles?
4 what is the best web site for online games?
5 How many people die from snakebite poisoning in the U.S. per year ?
0 what is the message of jesus?
5 How many muscles does an oyster have ?
1 what were the name of the three ships used by columbus?
5 in what month, date and time period did charles die?
0 How do I start a bank ?
1 what class is classified as a middle class?
4 what is the web code where i can find the email code of a member of the us house of representatives?
0 what were the day of the week called?
1 what category of guitar did jimi hendrix play?
3 who commands the spacecraft enterprise in star trek?
3 whose history of maurice zolotov is shooting star?
0 how can i find a list of celebrities' real defamation?
3 who died with over a thousand u s patent on his account?
0 what is the socratic know-how?
5 how many twin are there?
1 which leg does a cat move with its left front leg when locomotion, its left hind leg or its right hind leg?
1 what is nevil shute novel about the lost unfortunate of a nuclear war?
3 who was darth vader's son?
5 what is the maximum amount of clubs a golfer can use in one round?
1 ray charles plays what device?
0 how do you send a movie transcript to hollywood so it can be produced in a movie?
5 what's the focal ratio of the mississippi?
4 what is the name of the place of worship near the capital of laos?
5 how many country see mtv europe?
5 how many time of life of bad luck follow a broken mirror?
0 how do i find a vane address for a company?
1 what plot is garry kasparov playing?
1 what's a fear of hymenopterous insect?
1 where is the human body covering least sensitive?
1 which board shows the region irkutsk, yakutsk and kamchatka?
1 are you referring to a music commonly used to combat aids?
5 how many group live in tokyo?
1 In what sport are these following numbers relevant : 118 , 126 , 134 , 142 , 15 , 158 , 167 , 177 , and 19 ?
1 which chocolate browning automatic rifle, created by frank mars and his wife, is often referred to as the peanut milky way?
5 what are the dates of the police contest in pamplona (spain)?
0 what is the function of ram?
3 what is the most famous identity of john merrick, the noble monster of victorian england?
3 who was the second man to walk on the moon?
2 What does the E stand for in the equation E=mc2 ?
0 what is the function of a 24 -hour watch instead of a 12 -hour watch?
4 what state is mount everest in?
4 where can i find information on research into oilseed through genetics?
4 what is the web address where i can find the electronic mail address of a member of the us house of representatives?
4 what's the name of the celestial body the ewoks live on?
0 what facial feature of speech usually contain over 55 hair?
5 how many cones does a animal have?
3 what two new york yankees exchanged spouse and families?
5 How old is Stevie Wonder ?
1 what are the different approaches of arrangement analysis?
4 in which body of water did the titanic sink?
3 whose first order of enterprise was "let's blow this damn thing up"?
3 Who is Charles Lindbergh ?
4 what are tourist attractions in reims?
4 What country was Kim Philby really working for ?
4 What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?
3 who retired with 755 home runs?
0 what's in child powder and child lotion that makes it smell like that?
3 what initials of the fast food businessman decorated the left sleeves of the san diego padres baseball uniforms in 1984?
1 what spider makes an excellent pet, even said to recognize its maestro?
1 what organism was called "the cow of the poor man"?
4 What city is often called The Insurance Capital of the World ?
0 how does light move through the void of attribute when there is no medium for it ``wave''or ``pulse'.
1 what operating arrangement runs on ibm -compatible machines?
1 what kind of soft drink held a national taste structure in 1967?
5 How many people are there in the world ?
5 what is the latitude and angular distance of el paso, texas?
1 what war did the wanna -go -home rioting after?
3 which player was called ohio fats and blobbo?
3 what was the name of the 6.500 german air force that used the spanish civil war as a training effort?
1 What did The Gas House Gang play ?
3 who was the environmentalist who served as advocate for the post grape nuts?
3 what company claimed to be the largest artifact store in the world?
5 in what class did ireland elect its first madam president?
3 what was the name of football celestial body elroy hirsch?
4 name the land of giant twelve times the size of man in gulliver's travels.''
3 Which one of the original seven Mercury program astronauts did not fly on any of the Mercury flights ?
5 what class was the setting for american graffiti?
5 how many kinds of andiron' dicks are there - three
3 who used auh2o as an election logo?
3 who is the only president of the united states buried in washington
1 what is a fear of the home situation?
0 What is `` Nine Inch Nails '' ?
5 how much is the stock of apple computers, and where can i find this data?
3 name the designer of the shoe that has produced large integer of imitations of plastic, known as ``jelly'.
4 what is homelite inc. web page?
0 what was the real laugh in responses to say good nox dick?
4 In What city or state do the most gay men live in ?
5 how will the california gas tax indefinite quantity by 2000?
1 What movie has made the most money ?
4 what russian port has a name that means "lord of the east"?
0 what's the fib with the valentine's day cards?
3 who created billy pilgrim, a survivor of the dresden fire storm?
0 what is an ordinary dolphinfish?
5 how many linear unit is a ten k run?
0 how can you remove ferric oxide stains from your clothes?
3 the name of the actor who played the policeman in the movie kindergarten cop, is what?
1 what's the best way to lose the flab under your kuki and your face?
0 Why does sound travel quicker through water than air ?
4 which european country is the home of the brew -producing city of budweis?
4 which country in new england carries the code 27 telephone area?
5 how high is the fundamental quantity when cooking?
5 How many U.S. presidents were assassinated during Queen Victoria 's reign ?
1 what body of water ship burned and sank in hong kong harbor?
1 what do multitude start with zoonoses?
3 who took over the leadership of the boston pops after arthur fiedler's long reign?
1 what's the international radio receiver word for the letter b?
3 Who said of Super Bowl III in 1969 : `` We 'll win- I guarantee it '' ?
1 what software offers inventors the use of cad -like creating by mental acts?
3 what organization did mr. waverly state agents for?
0 what was the message of magellan?
1 what's a fear of semblance?
5 how many equal angles are there in an equilateral triangulum?
1 What is widely used to detect birth defects ?
1 What `` little red car '' is mentioned in pop singer Prince 's hit song ?
1 what enthusiastic taste buds first... snickers or three musketeers?
3 which company started making block and ended up throwing plastic toys?
0 what is a commented list?
3 name the different super unit the angel was part of.
5 When did Amtrak begin operations ?
1 what is a fear of crystals or field glass?
3 who is stein eriksen?
0 what is the origin of the son "murder"?
4 what political unit do you visit when you land at duvalier airport?
1 what did jack commerce with the butcher for a handful of beans?
1 what hide -and -seek game is played around a tin buttocks?
3 which new york yankee was known as the iron horse?
3 Who has the only speaking role in `` Silent Movie '' ?
4 where's the water sport coming from?
3 Who played the original Charlie 's Angels ?
1 what broadway show presented the sung some enchanted evening?
4 what kind of two administrative district is washington d.c.?
0 what is the difference between a circuit board of directors and an advisory circuit board?
0 what currents affect the shetland and orkney island in the north sea?
3 What is Larry King 's job ?
1 What line divided the North and South in the U.S. Civil War ?
3 what was the name of randy craft's professional?
3 which company uses the unknown faces of its fame speakers to promote the use of its product?
5 when did the artwork of quilt begin?
3 which woman has carried most births, twins, three etc.?
0 How does an abacus work ?
3 who is the owner of cnn?
1 what is a lyric spoken by the sioux?
0 what is the lineage of the word'teddy bear'?
3 who asked the musical question ```````````````have you ever been on the electric dame' land?''
0 What does the Greek word polis mean , as in Minneapolis ?
3 what english queen had seventeen child?
0 how is solid made?
1 which comic was not produced directly from pulp cartridge holder?
1 what fast food is prepared with a secret blend of 11 herbs and spice?''
1 what's the best opening motion in chess?
0 What is ethylene ?
1 which old kids''fare did tv guide author jeff greenfield call one of the most subversive tv shows in american history''?
5 How many states did Richard Nixon carry in 1972 ?
3 who won the military action of gettysburg?
5 what is most finish achieved by a team in an nhl hockey game?
4 in which political unit was hitler the chancellor?
1 what's a emotion of jealousy?
3 what english queen had six digit on one hand?
4 where's the biggest post office structure in the world?
1 what race is 1137 nautical mile long?
1 What does a phobophobe fear ?
0 how do you find out what can be claimed as a subsidiary rate for income tax goal?
5 how many astronaut had ever manned project mercury flight?
1 what instrumentality offered a new way to listen to music in 1963?
3 who says, "if you don't look good, we don't look good?"
1 what future film was presented to the american colonists in 1603 by the indigenous multitude?
1 what kind of activity do i need to be a flight attendant?
4 What is the capital of Seattle ?
1 what's the name of the andiron on the cracker jack box?
5 how deep is a screw thread?
5 when was the last meter mount st. helen had a big outbreak?
0 what are the special physical characteristics of the arabian equine?
5 How long does it take the typical hen to lay 19 dozen eggs ?
3 which performer dressed up as santa claus and had an affair once a year with the actress shelley winters every christmas for many years?
5 how much does a new railway conveyance cost?
1 what visual property is mr spock's blood?
1 what's the color function of the eye called?
3 which president was the first congressman to sign up after the operation on pearl harbor?
5 How many four star generals were there and who are they ?
3 Who lived on the shores of the Gitchee Gumee River ?
1 what are the flag of halloween?
1 what do you call the emotion of cockroaches?
3 what american sergeant lost both guardianship during world war ii and then appeared in a single film for which he won two oscars?
4 where can i find the text for the song ``getting married today''from the musical ` company?
3 who commands the starship enterprise in star trek?
4 which south american country won its first football heading in 1978?
4 where can i find a lawsuit about individuals with disabilities education act 1991?
5 what are the date of the police race in pamplona (spain)?
1 what are the most common elements in body of water water?
0 why does the plane noise or slide down?
4 what is the das kapital of iowa?
5 how many bowling pin are used in skittles?
1 what semblance tennis balls are used on wimbledon?
4 what was the former residence of the scottish king in edinburgh?
5 shea and gould had an place of business in los angeles, how long before they were closed?
1 what's a fear of visual property?
3 what is the first personal calculator company?
4 What country 's national passenger rail system is called Via ?
0 what was the dead man's hired hand?
5 how many innings are there in a regulated softball plot?
4 which country has the best defensive position in the committee game diplomacy?
4 which country is the context for edgar allan poe's the pit and the pendulum?
4 What 's the name of the Wilkes plantation in Gone with the Wind ?
3 who portrayed vincent van gogh in lust for life?
1 what are the different types of device?
0 How is cologne made ?
0 How come light bulbs go out ?
3 who was the author of the book on calculator hackers called ``the egg of cock': a spy through the labyrinth of calculator spying''?
3 what democratic wit ball dragged the train out of the station while richard nixon was talking about caboose?
5 how hot does the interior of an active crack get?
3 what was the name of the writer ross macdonald, the creator of the champion lew archer?
4 where do i get message about custody records for the state of utah?
3 what radio facility did paul harvey work for?
1 what kind of vehicle launched the surveyor spaceship?
5 How many miles is it from NY to Austria ?
5 How many American soldiers are stationed in South Korea ?
3 which national league floorball team has established 72 third floor in its first two seasons?
1 what 12 -hour cold medicine does the mathematical statement ```` 6, 6, 12''use in their advertisements?
5 what are the unemployment applied mathematics for the 1965s and 1990s?
5 how many nautical mile are there from new york to austria?
1 What is the second hardest substance ?
1 What 1956 Grace Metalious novel was on the best-seller list for two years ?
1 what does an imaginary eidologist expression for after the existence of?
5 what are the footwear sizes of o'neal, jordan and mutombo, the nba players?
1 What tools do you use to crewel ?
1 what's a concern of fur?
4 where can i find rider college?
1 Which condiment was once sold as a patent medicine ?
5 how many hummingbird ovums could fit into a ostrich ovum?
3 Who was Maria Theresa ?
1 what was the language unit of the protestant rebellion against the supremacy of the pope?
5 how many leo were popes?
0 what is the difference between negligence and negligence?
5 what seven digits follow the territorial code in the act for remote information?
3 who awarded sonny liston the worldly concern champion of boxing?
0 what is the lineage of the word nevermind?
4 what asian country was once enthusiastic about the sport of cricket fight?
1 What 's the word for broken glass or sharp rocks embedded in cement on top of a wall ?
3 what son of a 15 -year -old mexican girl and a half -irish father became the most famous greek in the worldly concern?
1 are you referring to a technique widely used to detect beginning defects?
0 what is the origin of the term ``american bison wings'', which is used as a menu item in bars throughout the nation for chicken in a spicy sauce?
0 what's a group action de poing for a french boxer?
3 who was william henry harrison?
3 Who invented the road traffic cone ?
1 what visual property is the strip on each side of a coho salmon?
5 what was einstein's iq?
5 what is the american dollar equivalent for eight british pound in the uk?
0 How did names come about ?
3 Who kept the most famous diary in the English language ?
4 Where can I take a test that will tell me what I should be when I grow up ?
5 how big is our galaxy in length?
1 what clue is the water carrier, the zodiac clue for?
4 What European country boasts the city of Furth , found where the rivers Rednitz and Pegnitz converge ?
4 which scandinavian political unit includes 173, 732 square miles?
5 what number of american enlisted person are not yet covered by the vietnam war?
5 what phone number can i call to plant a woody plant?
4 which way do most baseball contestant hit?
5 how many people die of tuberculosis every class?
1 The second most popular sport worldwide is what ?
4 what two political unit is andorra?
1 what is the only modern communication that capitalizes its singular first person pronouns?
5 What 's the third month of the Gregorian calendar ?
1 what kind of flower does detective nero wolfe grow?
0 wheaddress's a devo headdress?
0 How do I get a complete list of all the people that are living with the last name Kilvington ?
3 who played in singing in the rain and the singing nun?
3 who was israel's first prime minister?
3 who was made up of the now non -existent comic team known as the rival?
1 which ernest hemingway novel had the claim fiesta?
3 who is edmund kemper?
4 What famed library can you reach by dialing 22-287-5 ?
5 which chapter of the bible has the most writing style?
5 how old is the italian creator maurizio pellegrin?
3 which performer married john f. kennedy's sister?
3 who reports the weather on the good morning america tv show?
3 who is the laminitis and publisher of the national review?
4 what are the defamation of the tourist attractions in reims?
4 which eastern state has grown the first commercial nuclear power building complex in the united states?
1 what are the first and last letters of the greek character set?
3 what english king had seventeen children?
4 what city or state do most homosexual live in?
0 What 's the distinction of U.S. Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall ?
1 what do you need before you can take out biography insurance?
3 whose first orderliness of business was "let's blow this damn thing up"?
5 how many people have pet?
3 who designed the london bridge?
3 you're naming a south african rhombus producer?
1 what is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease that attacks the protein shell that surrounds nerve compartment and causes a gradual loss of movement in the body?
1 what are the four natural immunodeficiency used for riding?
4 Where is Trinidad ?
3 which director portrayed the commanding officer of the pow camp in 1953rd stalag 17?
1 what unfortunate trade was ordered by ernst lehmann?
3 who was the creator of central park?
3 What French leader sold Louisiana to the United States ?
0 what is the feudal instrumentality?
0 what does the term'return on adulthood 'mean in relation to bonds?
1 what is the name of the 19th century, when british troop were killed over three unarmed indian demonstrators?
5 what percentage of all worldly concern tornadoes will land in the us?
3 which toy company is the worldwide no.1 manufacturer of adult's clothing?
5 on what date did rosa parks become a symbol of the civil rights movement for refusing to give up her seat on the public transport?
1 What was spawned the term `` MiG Alley '' ?
3 which president of the united states was assassinated by charles j. guiteau?
1 What was the name of the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?
4 where is the oldest living thing in the worldly concern?
4 what is the das kapital of california?
3 What U.S. President was the first to breed mules ?
1 what kind of creatures are black, yellow and brown sculpin?
3 name a french rightist party.
4 What stadium do the Miami Dolphins play their home games in ?
1 what animal ate with a woodworker on bread and oysters?
4 where are eight of the ten highest mountains in the worldly concern?
1 what is the geographical condition for the sunken peripheral regions of a continent?
1 what hide -and -seek activity is played around a tin can?
0 What does Freddy Freeman say to become Captain Marvel Jr. ?
1 the attempt resulting from world war ii are known as what?
1 What English word comes from the Old French covrefeu , meaning cover fire ?
1 Winnie the Pooh is what kind of animal ?
0 What is a common dolphin ?
5 How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?
5 what time period is the gold medal of excellence presented by the paris exhibition on a can of campbell's tomato soup?
3 who invented stupid kitt?
3 which nba players had new jersey number 0?
5 how many baby are there on a trivial pursuit board?
3 what are the imaginary being' names in the scooby -doo cartoon?
1 what semblance hair can i use to cover something gray?
3 who was ben casey's foreman?
1 what fossils form droppings?
1 What is the formula to calculate pi ?
0 what is the quality between tft and dual -scan display?
3 who wrote the poem that begins ``i love your lips when they are made of wine and bolshevik with a warm desire'''wet?
0 What is pandoro ?
1 what is the second lightest part?
1 what magazine gives us the elite, not the savings?
0 what do japanese school uniform look like?
3 who said he killed 4,280 buffalo as food for the unit t hat built the kansas pacific railway?
1 what two parts of your body grow all your biography?
0 what is a root channel?
4 where can i find a "fifth element" surface saver?
1 what's a good book for people United Nations agency hate to read?
1 What 's the name of Jacques Cousteau 's research ship ?
2 What does the number `` 5 '' stand for on FUBU clothing ?
1 what is the only primate that has no paint in its palms?
3 what's the name of the american swimmer who won seven amber medals in the 1972 -year olympics?
3 who played the title duty in my favorite martian?
1 What does a woman want ?
4 where can i find scientific data, research newspaper, textile technology?
1 what is the islamic equivalent to the red cross?
1 what is the main component of yogurt?
4 what is the tallest construction in japan?
5 How many cherubs are there on a Trivial Pursuit board ?
1 what's the international radio word for the document b?
3 which u.s. vice president killed alexander hamilton in a fight?
3 what's jimmy olsen's full language unit?
0 why were american enlisted person called "doughboys" during world war i?
3 who shot billy the kid?
5 What was the first minimum wage ?
0 what is a oligosaccharide?
3 who is the actress goldie hawn's current actor ally?
0 how does the speed at which the attraction spins in a generator affect the power of the generator?
5 What chapter of the Bible has the most verses ?
4 Where is the world championship sled dog race held each February ?
4 What 's the capital of Taiwan ?
3 what are the first names of lunt and fontanne's famous men and adult?
4 What country is Mount Everest in ?
1 what creativity makes the principle of energy saving impossible?
1 what triple crown winner took the 1973 belmont stakes by 31 dimension?
3 What artist 's studio was the Bateau-Lavoir in Montmartre ?
0 what's the origin of the language unit katie?
1 what are the most important liquid body substance vessels?
5 what class did the first issue of "playboy" come out?
4 McCarren Airport is located in what city ?
0 how does color affect a causal agent psychologically?
0 what's a coup d'etat de poing for a french boxer?
5 how many atmosphere of ice cream do howard johnson's have?
3 who said, "the achiever will never be asked if he was telling the truth?"
0 how can i determine the radius of an conic section?
4 which country have the best math students?
3 who wrote, "poems are made by fools like me, but only god can make a tree"?
0 what is the origin of the idiom of writing practice ````now is the time for all good men to support their country''''''''''''''''''
3 what network whipped its sports programs on inga nielsen's natural object in 197?
0 Why were the American soldiers in WWI called `` Doughboys ''
3 who was the president of the senate committee that tried to find watergate?
1 what element in the periodic table is a flatulence or solid but never a liquid?
1 What is a good book to read for people who hate to read ?
4 what city in georgia condemned scarlett o'hara as full of intrusive multitude?
3 Who headed Hitler 's infamous Gestapo ?
1 what melts in your mouth, not in your hired hand.
1 what idea do i need to start a.tbk file?
4 which tokyo street shines with famous division stores and nightclubs?
4 What Mediterranean island is home to the first Club Med ?
4 where to find information on queensland's national contest policy
1 what network game sees the world ace of amateur ace receiving the uber cup?
4 What country was General Douglas McArthur in when he was recalled by President Truman ?
3 which performer hit the tv screen in 1951 with the nbc afternoon show time for ernie?
1 what four -legged creature has a cornell university study said that it would make humans the best companion in attribute?
5 How many zip codes are there in the U.S. ?
1 what hermann hesse's book gave his name to a rock social group?
3 which boodle company has put cisco kid stickers at the end of their packages?
5 how far is the longest hole in one on a golf education and where did it happen?
4 in which building are british head of state crowned?
5 What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?
0 how do you determine if a computer admonisher has an svga adapter?
4 Where can I find a large list of 5 to 6 letter words ?
1 what product showed the character of popeye doyle?
1 what was the first breakfast grain?
3 what famous actress has her first appearance on stagecoach at the age of five in the 191 year as a "baby"?
5 how many andiron pull a sled in an idiot's den?
2 when recitation classifieds, what does eenty mean: other stands for?
5 how many url propagation are there? and what are they?
3 who is known as "the oldest teenager in the world"?
0 why do pharmacists work on elevated horizontal surface?
3 which famous new york city mayor wrote the collision song, ````will you love me in december as you do in may?''
5 How many cables support the main span of the Golden Gate Bridge ?
5 what is the bovid population of the world?
3 who said, "old soldiers never die; they just fade away"?
3 who was the author of john brown's body?
3 which field game player did ronald reagan joke on that he would trade texas for?
5 how many miles is a ten k run?
0 What is the origin of the term `` The Brooklyn Side '' in bowling ?
0 What are the major differences in the Catholic and Methodist religions ?
0 what is the evidence that domestic plants metabolize carcinogen?
4 which is the oldest ethnological museum in the worldly concern?
4 What 's the northernmost U.S. state apart from Alaska ?
3 name a andiron cartoon character except huckleberry hound to have a voice of daws butler.
3 who are woody woodpecker's niece and nephew?
3 What bestselling modern poet was the co-founder of the famous City Lights Bookshop in San Francisco ?
3 what are the names of jack's original roommates at three's company?
1 What do Hasidic Jews refrain from while dating ?
5 how much does a ton of cementum cost?
5 how many flight school are there in the united states?
0 what is the difference between a committee of directors and an advisory committee?
4 which countries have the highest proportion of university scholar?
0 why is it called ground beef when there's no ham in it?
5 what is a perfect mark in a gymnastics exercise?
0 what is the quality between a college and a university?
1 what are the titles of some r -rate sony playstation game?
5 What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?
1 what are some good use to do for children?
4 which two political unit border the bay of biscay?
0 how did "stat" become an countenance for fast?
5 how long does it take for a writer to write a dramatic composition that is 100 -page long?
0 what's the fib with the skateboard?
3 which tv comedian worked with white fang, black tooth and pookie the lion?
1 which weapon is the mythological imaginary being apollo is most familiar with?
1 what about ray bradbury's illustrated world?
3 what company called one of their writing implement "the banana"?
3 who is the creator of the muppets?
5 what are the chance of having twins?
5 When did CNN go on the air ?
0 how do you destroy bees that are in the wall of your house? will bees stay for the winter?
3 Name Pittsburgh 's baseball team .
3 what dates did richard nixon's repository put in jail?
3 which actor came to dinner at guess who's coming to dinner?
3 Who made the first gas engine ?
1 what does the ouarterly review of doublespeak call a ``inooperative message''?
0 what does the theory of quantum jump mean in simpler terms?
1 name the one -way man, the `````'about 19 cent.''
3 What was the occupation of Mandy Rice-Davies ?
1 what was the largest cash crop in the usa in 1983, exceeding corn?
0 what are the word to the song that sings "banana in pajamas"?
3 what long -time plot organizer died jogging in central park in 1984?
0 what is the origin and meaning of the language unit, ````hajo?''
5 what part of a dress hat's life is spent swimming?
3 what famous singing cowboy owns the california angels ball game team?
5 how many multitude did randy kill steven craft?
4 what was the highest natural elevation on earth before mount everest was discovered?
0 What is the nature of learning ?
1 what's a emotion of clouds?
0 why are so many umbrella black?
0 why do oceans contain salt water system instead of fresh water system?
1 which two organism are specifically mentioned as noah in the ark?
1 name an american motor vehicle.
3 who was the first person admitted to the u.s. swimming hall of fame?
0 what does the language unit "sheri" mean?
2 What is RCD ?
1 what was the name of the protestant rebellion against the domination of the pope?
4 what city would you be in if you were feeding pigeon on piazza san marco?
4 which african das kapital is named after a u.s. president?
1 what unfortunate occupation was ordered by ernst lehmann?
1 what visual property is the lipstick on the wax lips of boy george in the london madame tussaud?
5 When was the last major eruption of Mount St. Helens ?
4 where can i find a list of all companies in america that offer a direct lineage purchase plan?
5 what class did charles dicken die?
3 What Asian spiritual and political leader was married at the age of 13 ?
5 How many years is Johnnie Walker Black Label aged ?
3 who was the first person admitted to the u.s. swimming hall of fame?
4 where can an individual test a contact lens that burned the entire eye airfoil when it is new?
1 what is the name of the islamic physical entity of the red cross?
4 what is the name of the sea cruise at the southern end of south america?
3 who owns cnn?
4 which country has the best defensive point in the board game diplomacy?
3 What are the only players eligible to score points in Roller Derby called ?
0 what is the lineage of the word "posh"?
3 What 's Japan 's largest car manufacturer ?
1 what are the union of waking and waking?
1 what's a emotion of stabbing?
0 what is human body drag?
1 What can communications satellites offer yachts ?
0 why do you get goose bumps when something emotional happens to them, like hearing a beautiful piece of auditory communication or seeing something beautiful or being aroused by someone they love?
1 which organism has the biggest eyes?
1 What product does `` Mrs. Olsen '' promote ?
0 what's a scope doing in space?
0 What are some interesting facts and information about dogsledding ?
4 Where in the United States do people live the longest ?
4 what is the computer of the international court of justice?
3 What organization 's offices were broken into at Watergate in 1972 ?
5 how much money do you owe for having a canine on the beach illegally?
1 in vladimir nabokov's novel, professor humbert falls in love with a 12 -year -old daughter?
3 what are arnold palmer's device' names?
1 what is the best way to remove paper?
3 call the writer of the poem that begins: i don't know much about gods; but i think the river is a strong brown god -sullen, and unblemished?
3 what president sent a cruiser to bring charles lindbergh home after his epic formation?
3 name of the hero in ``scruples''?
5 how many home score did lou gehrig have during his career?
3 who said, "i think i'll go out and milk the moose"?
1 what category of books does fodor's publish?
5 how many people in the us say that their main source of data is the newspaper?
1 what's a concern of women?
4 What is the longest place name in the U.S. ?
1 what is a real edible fruit: blackedible fruit, cranedible fruit, raspedible fruit, strawedible fruit?
1 What card game can feature dealer 's choice ?
5 how many stars are on the emblem of the soviet union?
4 What are the two cities in Dicken 's `` A Tale of Two Cities '' ?
0 What was archy , and mehitabel ?
3 who is the president of stanford university?
1 what household contains a flute game equipment, a game equipment cock and an overflow pipe?
4 which u.s. state ends with a g?
3 who is the leader of brunei?
3 what was nipsy russell's name at parturition?
1 what are fingernail made of?
4 which countries does the mont -blanc passageway enter?
3 who was sara trying to kill jane moore?
0 how's big h?
0 what's the last opportunity for animals?
3 who played al jolson in the jolson story?
3 When Mighty Mouse was conceived , what was his original name ?
1 what's the best first step move in chess?
3 Who said : `` What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''
4 in which focus does the journey continue in around the world in 80 days?
1 In what deodorant commercial did tenants have adjoining medicine cabinets ?
1 what future film was presented to the american colonists in 1603 by the indigenous people?
3 what is the name of a greek deity?
5 how much is the state of matter taxed in california until the 2000's?
3 Which of the following was Rhodes Scholar ?
5 how many group died on the south carolina highways in the 1998's?
5 What was the U.S. highway death toll in 1969 ?
4 What two European countries are joined by the Gran San Bernardo Pass ?
0 how does the movie bluing screen work?
5 how many college are there in wyoming?
5 what seven digits follow the territorial code in the amount for remote information?
1 what is the right room to install a roll of toilet paper?
4 which u.s. administrative district boasts stone mountain, the world's largest mass of exposed granite?
1 What type of hunting are retrievers used for ?
2 What does LOL mean ?
0 how do i activate my lan paper so that it can be connected to another computer without hub?
1 what song was the final root of the johnny cash show?
4 What river flows through Vienna , Budapest and Belgrade ?
1 What soft drink first appeared in the Old Corner Drug Store in Waco , Texas , in 1885 ?
0 how did super president gain his might in animation?
1 which cards are bullet train?
1 What ship did Lloyd M. Bucher command ?
1 which two vessel led the first sea battle between iron vessel?
5 how many characters form a language unit for the writing test?
5 how many people die of snake bite physical condition in the united states a year?
4 What 's the world 's longest suspension bridge ?
0 what is the definition of'random'real estate of the realm file'?
4 where can i obtain message on the importer of cotton textiles?
1 what does leon uri's fiction have to do with the russian conquest of berlin?
3 What mustachioed comedian portrayed Frankie in North to Alaska ?
4 Where was George Washington born ?
3 who played in singing in the rain and the singing nun?
1 what is the name name of a chemical used to control maturation?
4 What former royal palace has served as a granary , prison , arsenal , leper colony , mint , telegraph station and whorehouse before becoming an art museum ?
3 what was nipsy russell's language unit at birth?
5 when will jean aeul publish her next publication?
1 which bushes can be planted that are safe from ruminant?
3 who was the actress june havoc's legendary baby?
0 how do i get another city newspaper?
5 how many sawhorse are there in a polo team?
5 How many Fig Newtons are there to the pound ?
3 which member of the micronauts spent one time period traveling the microverse to marvel comics?
1 what was the top box place of business movie in april 1998?
5 in what year did china and the republic of korea establish diplomatic social relation?
1 what leoncavallo opera shows a introduction of a clown?
0 how can i find out how much income tax is paid on social security system income in the 1998 income tax?
0 what is the origin of the word ``buffalo wings'', which is used as a menu item in bars throughout the nation for chicken in a spicy sauce?
4 where can i find scientific data, research papers, textile engineering?
0 What is Jane Goodall famous for ?
1 what did martin luther post on the church service door in wittenberg?
0 what are crocodilian reptile?
0 what is the historical relation between the catholic church and bingo?
5 How many teaspoons make up a tablespoon ?
5 what are the highest odds of winning a curve table?
3 who said the only language unit in mel brooks's silent movie?
3 for which team did babe ruth play his first major league plot?
5 what percentage did thatcher like after a decade in quality?
1 in the novel by john steinbeck, the syndicate joad from oklahoma is played.
3 what dynasty star made their 2nd century fox introduction at the virgin queen?
0 What are some fun things to do in Cozumel , Mexico for teenagers ?
1 What does a polyorchid man have at least three of ?
1 what was originally defined as one one-millionth of the distance from the equator to the pole?
1 What color Poker chip is usually assigned the lowest value ?
4 where's the biggest post office construction in the world?
3 Which classical Spanish writer said `` All that glitters is not gold '' ?
1 what cleansing agent was praised as ````for people who'''''''like'?
1 what cost the first prize in the omni cartridge holder contest to find the "ultimate unanswered question"?
1 what misfortune occurred in dogtown in 1899?
4 What are all the southern states of the U.S. ?
1 What does a philatelist collect ?
1 what is the best cake in the world?
3 What six-foot temperance advocate wielded her hatchet on saloons ?
1 What does Knight Ridder publish ?
5 How many sides does a heptagon have ?
3 Who did Arthur H. Bremer try to assassinate on May 15 , 1972 ?
5 how many three -letter permutations can you get from the four letter: c?
1 What religion has the most members ?
0 what are the short - and long -term personal property of drinking minors?
0 why do you call a ground beef a ground beef when there's no ham?
0 how does cannabis lead to other drugs?
3 what is the name of the star of the cooking entertainment, galopp gourmet?
3 what's the best internet storehouse you can go to?
0 what do group do to prevent birds from dying?
3 what is the name of the dad singer whose song became the title song for a kind of catsup?
1 Which Beatles disc cover honors the Rolling Stones ?
1 What is the name of a book written by Aaron Hass ?
3 whose old london come on was buy my sweet shrub?
5 how many cables support the main range of the golden gate bridge?
3 who recorded the 1957 hit on tammy?
4 what are the ten safest american city for pedestrians?
3 which buxom blonde appeared on the binding of more than five magazines?
4 where on the internet can i find a song information similar to the international lyrics server?
3 Who invented the Wonderbra ?
3 Who was Jinnah ?
0 How can I get my product licensed by the NBA ?
5 How many school districts are there in the United States ?
5 how many kinds of primate are there?
3 what's the name of the cop who tried to keep order in top cat's section?
0 how would someone become an organ benefactor?
1 what merchandise on the market is good to hide facial scars?
3 What university football team did O.J. Simpson take to the Rose Bowl ?
1 which animals do you find on the stock marketplace?
4 in which ocean did the titanic plumbing fixture?
0 what's a mexican without haircloth?
4 where do i find the address of a person with a telephone number?
1 what television receiver programme has described the lives of katy holstrum and congressman glen morley?
1 what kind of training do you need to become a mutant trainer for the nfl?
0 what does the term'return on maturity 'mean in abstraction to bonds?
0 how did asia get its language unit?
1 stuart hammlen is considered the first singing cowboy of what instrumentality?
3 what are the first names of rowan and martin, the stars of tv's laugh -in?
0 what do you call to call a cab in madrid?
4 which two political unit of south america are internal?
3 what are the three most successful companies of our meter?
3 who took over the power of milton obote in 1971?
4 What state does Charles Robb represent ?
5 how many out of ten associate of the rodeo cowboys association have never run a ranch?
3 Name the On Stage character whose face was never seen .
5 how big is a child bald eagle?
1 What plant is rum made from ?
1 what is nike's nongovernmental organization?
0 what is the quality between molecules and compounds?
0 what are the environmental shock on plant genetics?
5 in what class did hitler gain power over germany?
5 what is the current people in these countries: france, spain, italy, greece, austria, germany, switzerland, netherlands?
1 what document does the flag of rwanda adorn?
0 How do you get silly putty out of fabric ?
1 what do you call a five -card poker extremity in the same suit?
0 what is the lineage of a.m. and p.m.?
0 How does a bill become law ?
3 what tv sitcom imaginary being was the maiden name ethel potter?
5 how many psychological feature form the ten -man battle?
1 What is the name of the disease that actress Hunter Tylo 's baby girl has ?
0 who solves rubik's cube?
3 who sings angel eyes from the'80s?
3 who's the fastest guitar musician?
0 What is Butterfield 8 in Butterfield 8 ?
0 How can you define time ?
1 what's a fear of smells, natural object?
0 What is infomatics ?
1 which organ contains the island of langerhans?
3 who advised the audience to see the u.s.a. in their chevrolet?
1 the capital callosum is in what part of the body?
4 In what area of the world was the Six Day War fought ?
4 where's the 19th trap on a golf course?
1 which literary classic focuses on the search for a wealth in gold worth 7,0 pounds?
5 how much does a teaspoon weigh topic in a black hole?
3 which two commanders executed the troop in the battle of el alameina?
4 which asian political unit has a bill for cows?
4 mississippi has a language unit for a state language unit?
5 how many change does a standard lp make in three minutes?
5 how many lyric are there in the world?
3 who turned everything he touched into gold?
4 where does the song everything goes take point?
1 what book by lewis carroll did humpty dumpty present to the natural object?
5 how many enrollee attend the university of massachusetts?
3 who founded the first aeromechanics lab in 1912?
5 How many American actors were nominated for the best actor Oscar for 1983 ?
1 What has to be produced in a writ of habeas corpus ?
5 the decision making of 900, 740 -tree to have planted a tree will cost how much?
5 what's columbia tristar's telephone number?
3 What English explorer discovered and named Virginia ?
3 who made the deodorant that says it actually builds resistance to property?
3 Who killed JFK ?
5 what's the first day of the time period?
1 what kind of instrument were used in the medieval war?
4 where can an individual experiment a contact lens that burned the entire eye surface when it is new?
3 who was the pride of the yankees?
1 which operating arrangement is available on most computers?
1 what indoor sport did phoenix inferno have for the phoenix pride in july 14, 1983, when the fundamental quantity hit 111 degree?
1 Stuart Hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of which medium ?
5 how many multitude live in tokyo?
5 what are the applied mathematics for drunk drivers in maryland?
0 What is Megan 's law ?
1 What crop failure caused the Irish Famine ?
4 where can i buy movie online?
1 what's the trademark of a washington redskin sports fan?
5 how many characters are there in the chinese character set?
1 what concerts are taking home in new york this week?
5 how many times a day does the typical person go to the room?
1 what is the hardest matter in the human body?
1 what film marked robert redford's decay?
0 What is a horologist ?
4 where can i find chemical importers on the internet?
1 what tv shows did many of his aquatic scenes see in silver springs, florida?
1 which beer has advertised that it has "three gang"?
2 what do the letter ce mean for so many products, especially electrical, now purchased?
3 which corporate executive became chief justice after his presidency?
3 what business export sparkling wine?
1 what cost the first gift in the omni magazine contest to find the "ultimate unanswered question"?
3 what duty did john peter zenger play in the development of the newspaper in america?
3 who played the most in hollywood squares?
4 what asian city boasts the largest bowling street in the world?
3 What fictional character is known as the `` melancholy Dane '' ?
4 which country has most cars per linear unit of road?
3 name the first russian traveler to take a space walk.
4 which african state is governed by ouagadougou?
3 who are the hottest women in the world?
0 what causes a person to have sweaty hands and feet all the case?
4 What country offered Albert Einstein its presidency in 1952 ?
4 Where did Freidreich Wilhelm Ludwig Leichhardt , Prussian born explorer , go to school ?
0 how do i keep feline out of my flower garden forever?
4 which city in china has the largest number of foreign financial institution?
1 what was the name of captain bligh's vessel?
0 What was the claim to fame of the football game that saw Fordham defeat Waynesburg State 12601 on September 3 , 1939 ?
3 who's luke skywalker with his founder?
0 how effective are condom in protecting against aids?
3 who is john macarthur, 1767 -1834?
1 what meter did shakespeare write: ``to be oderto be, that is the questioning..''''?
5 what month of the year is there no tv in iceland?
2 what do the letters ce mean for so many merchandise, especially electrical, now purchased?
5 what is the approximate weight of a containerful matter in a black hole?
0 What are Cobol , Fortran , and Pascal ?
0 what are the quality between 1980 and 1990?
1 what semblance is most commonly used to symbolize the truth?
1 what is the most popular mutant car color?
1 What is another name for nearsightedness ?
0 how can i get an email address from person?
1 what james michener book is subtitles for spanish motion and reflections?
4 where are the leading medical groups specialising in respiratory organ diseases?
1 Name an American made motorcycle .
3 what college football team made knute rockne a might?
0 Why is hockey so violent ?
0 what is the deviation between a classical guitar and an acoustic guitar?
4 what constellation is a orion with a cross and shield?
4 What is the name of the gulf between Sweden and Finland ?
5 how many poem did shakespeare write?
3 which british pop star topology of the 1960s and early 1970s was a child actress in the 1940s and 50s?
0 what's the difference between emotion and emotion?
1 what developed a gap in 1835 when he suffered the death of u.s. attorney general john marshall?
3 who played in singing in the rain and the singing nun?
4 which country has the highest fire magnitude relation?
1 what semblance is an arctic fox in winter?
3 who among the following important person doesn't paint as a hobby?
4 what's the biggest place of business block in the world?
1 what is the best -selling machine model ever?
3 who is the prime minister of japan?
5 when was cigarette ad banned on television and radio?
1 what's a fear of going to bedroom furniture?
3 who moderated the first kennedy nixon tv argument?
0 what is agra's call to glory, india?
3 which indispensable provider of background music celebrated its fifth day in july, 1984?
1 what's the soft drink for person?
4 Where did surfing originate ?
4 what city did christian reformer fight to reclaim from the muslims?
1 name the product ``at your grocery mercantile establishment', at your fingertips.''
1 what j.r.r. tolkien's record describes gimli as a central figure?
1 What animal migrates the farthest ?
3 what comedy surprised dwight d. eisenhower's first knowledgeability by the birth of her first child?
4 In what state was the first co-educational college established
0 what happens when atmospheric electricity strikes a body of water?
3 which tv drama are former movie star nora desmond, secretary of mrs. wiggins and a housewife named eunice?
4 On what river is Strasbourg built ?
3 what tv host names a series of men's clothing?
3 which contestant sits on average three times during a double head baseball?
4 which municipality is sometimes called "athens of switzerland"?
4 where did the cable motor vehicle go down clay street in 1873?
1 What was cash-conscious Colonel Edwin L. Drake the first to drill ?
3 who killed kurt cobain?
0 How did P.T. Barnum bill the diminutive Charles S. Stratton ?
1 what is the most famous german word in the english communication?
3 who wrote "unsafe at any speed"?
0 how does the speed at which the magnet spins in a generator affect the might of the generator?
1 what nutrients are for healthy bone and teeth?
5 on what date did rosa parks become a symbol of the civil abstraction movement for refusing to give up her seat on the bus?
0 How did people respond to the idea of the first millenium ?
3 Who shared a New York City apartment with Roger Maris the year he hit 61 home runs ?
4 Where did George of the Jungle live ?
1 What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?
3 which oil company has almost chosen a son that means "closed car" in japanese as its new international name?
3 which athlete makes the most money selling sports advantage?
1 what document does gorbachev's middle name begin with?
1 what merchandise doubles your pleasure, doubles your fun?
3 Who is Edmund Kemper ?
1 what kind of betting is used in sawhorse racing?
3 what system whipped its sports programs on inga nielsen's body in 197?
3 Who co-starred with Julie Andrews in Mary Poppins ?
0 what is the difference between a yield and a vegetable?
3 who was the only person convicted of my lai massacre?
1 What does it take to become a lawyer ?
3 who was the key spectator at the watergate senate hearings?
0 Why does a candle go out when we blow on it ?
1 what is the penalty area between baltic avenue and reading railroad on a monopoly board?
1 what broadway show presented the musical composition some enchanted evening?
3 who was the professional representing randy steven craft?
5 What is the average age of a member of the team that worked on the Manhatten Project ?
3 what are the only players who can score period in roller derby?
3 who did the chicago bulls beat in the 1993 high status?
5 How many states have a lottery ?
4 where can i find message on journalism?
0 What is the use of a 24-hour clock instead of a 12-hour clock ?
4 are you referring to a state developing a magnetic railway system?
0 how do i register a commerce name in north carolina?
5 what is the highest number of home runs on evidence for a game?
5 what day of the week sees the deadliest car mishap?
5 In what year did China and the Republic of Korea establish diplomatic relations ?
5 how high is the normal heart rate of a healthy person?
5 how many fingers are used to draw a knot?
3 which sovereign is satirized in the line ```the sovereign was in the countinghouse and counted all his money'''''?
0 why was muhammad ali stripped of his heading and banned from boxing in 1967?
0 how can i get my commodity licensed from the nba?
3 who is the actress goldie hawn's current actor person?
0 What is the meaning of the name Ella ?
0 why are there letters on the phone? why is there no q or z?
4 what's the name of the highest mountain in the natural object?
1 what is the legal liquid body substance alcohol limit for the state of california?
1 Name of King Arthur 's sword ?
4 what kind of people are the best tv viewers?
4 Where are the Union Stockyards ?
5 how many bones are there in the human extremity?
3 What did Andy Hardy 's father do for a living ?
3 who has the duct with pearls like ``do you love me'? get naked, baby! nope.
3 who's ishmael in moby dick?
3 which actor and airman of world war ii had put a $5,0 capital of hermann goering on his external body part?
3 who was president of costa rica in the 1994?
0 how do you destroy bees that are in the walls of your building? will bees stay for the winter?
1 What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?
0 how can i transport files from one calculator to another?
5 What chapter of the Bible has the most verses ?
1 What European race sees the winner of its mountain stage awarded a jersey with large red polka dots ?
1 what is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease that attacks the protein shell that surrounds boldness cells and causes a gradual loss of movement in the body?
1 what infectious illness is the deadliest illness in the world?
0 what was the rally call of the early american revolutionist?
4 which continent has the most rose?
1 What vowel do all Esperanto nouns end in ?
1 which card game has magnetic declination called canfield, klondike and spider?
1 what is the best brand for a laptop calculator?
0 what exactly is radiotherapy?
5 what are the chances of having twin?
1 What soap was touted as being `` for people who like people '' ?
4 What mountainous region of the world is the Lhasa Apso dog native to ?
1 which operating system is available on most machine?
1 what's the son in ballet?
3 Who won the first general election for President held in Malawi in May 1994 ?
3 Who is the mayor of Marbella ?
0 what is the origin of the word cannabis?
0 how do microwave work?
5 how far can a man travel in attribute?
1 what kind of soft swallow would get me the biggest caffeine?
5 how many time period a year does the american gourd society publish the gourd?
1 what kind of car did janis joplin ask the man to buy her?
0 What is a wop ?
1 what was dwight eisenhower's favorite card activity?
3 name the professional for randy craft.
3 what batman fictional character play around on a batcycle?
0 how can i get causal agent's phone number if i only have their screen name?
4 which state borders denmark in the south?
1 what would you add to the mix to make connective tissue china?
4 which country is the point of the band the creeps?
1 in what spice do the dutch dip their potato?
1 which frederick forsyth fiction reports about the overthrow of an african government by mercenaries?
1 in what mutant is there a ``scrum'''?
1 What color are a cherry tree 's flowers ?
1 put the names of james a. michener's books in the following point?
5 what is a perfect score in a gymnastics effort?
5 in what class was the atm first introduced?
3 Who was the first woman governor of Wyoming ?
3 who played maria in the movie west side story?
4 which stream runs the grand coulee dam?
0 what's the quality between j.d. and ll.m.?
3 What TV comediennes 's characters include former movie star Nora Desmond , secretary Mrs. Wiggins and a housewife named Eunice ?
0 why are your ears the center of your chemical equilibrium?
3 who plays the cop in the movie kindergarten cop?
0 What is the meaning of thalassemia ?
0 what does the language unit jenna mean?
0 how do they produce nutriment?
3 who took over the quality of milton obote in 1971?
5 how many residence runs did lou gehrig have during his career?
4 what municipality has a paper called the plain dealer?
4 What New Hampshire hamlet rises early to vote first in U.S. presidential elections ?
5 what is the highest number of home run on record for a game?
0 why do the eyes sometimes look red in the representation?
0 what are chloroplast?
0 how has television influenced our club?
0 how can i find online spelling and marking exercises for my sixth grader?
3 who is section manager for control and control arrangement at jpl?
4 What are the four largest mountain ranges in the continental United States ?
5 what month of the year is there no tv in iceland?
3 who was the first taiwanese president of the united states?
1 what 1942 -century secret agent film has director john huston combined with maltese falconers humphrey bogart, mary astor and sidney greenstreet?
5 how many time has harold stassen announced a ride to the white house?
4 What 's the nearest star to Earth ?
4 what european country boasts the municipality of furth, where the rivers rednitz and pegnitz meet?
3 which spanish artist painted execution?
5 How many e-commerce companies are started every day ?
0 what is the use of a 24 -hour lookout instead of a 12 -hour lookout?
0 what are some interesting information and information about dog litter?
1 What therapy attempts to elicit the `` primal scream '' ?
4 What city boasts Penn 's Landing , on the banks of the Delaware river ?
0 why is the mile 528 infantry?
5 in what year did montana become a country?
3 who won most oscars for costume blueprint?
3 which louisiana senator won a space held by his father and mother?
4 what satellite gave bith superman?
1 what kind of training do i need to be a trajectory attendant?
1 What kind of creatures are the Canary Islands named for ?
5 how many traveler had ever manned project mercury flight?
4 what antioxidant -mail addrantioxidantss doantioxidants bill gross havantioxidant?
3 which performer in a day at the races said, "either he's dead, or my watch has stopped"?
3 who was shot in the back during a poker game in deadwood, dakota region?
1 what's a fear of louse?
3 what was her real language unit?
0 From what cause does tuberculosis stem ?
5 What are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?
0 what are manifest and latent function hypothesis?
1 what's dudley do's sawhorse's name?
4 what japanese township was edo?
1 in what metier is stuart hammlen considered the first singing cowboy?
5 how many multitude does honda employ in the united states?
0 what were the first words spoken on a film sound recording?
1 what is the longest running television receiver series?
4 where do hyena live?
2 What is a `` USB '' port on a computer ?
1 what was paul bunyan's ox's language unit?
1 what is the term for the side of the natural elevation facing the prevailing winds?
1 what tv show was on january 15, 1981?
5 how many times a day does the typical person go to the toilet?
3 what comic from tv's golden age went according to the motto'everything for a laugh'?
1 What line of candy products included Super Skrunch and Peanut Butter Oompas ?
3 who is buried in the great pyramid of giza?
5 at what meter of year is air transport the hardest?
0 what are these little blue reflectors in the area of the street for?
1 what is the singularity of the cube?
4 where can i buy a horse on big island for my daughter?
5 How many Beatles ' records went #1 ?
5 how many millimetric weight units are in one metric weight unit?
4 Where is the largest post office building in the world ?
5 how many work unit are there in a glass of water?
3 which national league baseball team has established 72 third base in its first two season?
5 how many family members could be enlisted in the u.s. force during world war ii?
3 who won two gold medals at the olympics in calgary?
3 which ace of the national basketball association told his story in giant steps?
3 who makes the car battery ``die hard'?
1 What do ladybugs eat ?
3 who said i'd come back during world war ii?
1 what movie had caused bette davis a scandal by wearing a daring red dress to a social testis?
3 Who invented panties ?
4 What city has the world 's longest subway system ?
1 what marauder are there in antarctica?
3 who is the godhead of the muppets?
4 what is the largest shopping centre in the worldly concern?
4 what city or state do most person live in?
4 Where can I find the status of my tax return ?
4 where's the official zero of the sea property?
0 Why doesn 't www.answers.com have any answers to my questions ?
0 What was unusual about Alexandra 's appearance in Josie and the Pussycats ?
2 What is the abbreviation of the International Olympic Committee ?
3 what was the inheritance singing group for roy rogers?
1 What is Jell-O made from ?
4 What state on the Gulf of Mexico has its lowest point five feet below sea level ?
4 What is the second highest mountain peak in the world ?
5 What 's the Fahrenheit equivalent of zero degrees centigrade ?
4 where can i find a band or a publication to help me speak, write and understand japanese?
4 which u.s. state borders illinois in the union?
4 Where did Ty Cobb grow up ?
0 why does a lamp go out when we blow on it?
0 how do they glue teflon to the cooking utensil?
1 What Jewish holiday saw the start of the 1973 Mideast War ?
4 where did the wright brothers make their first trajectory?
1 what broadcasting programme has described the lives of katy holstrum and congressman glen morley?
3 What two presidents of the U.S. published books of poetry ?
3 who was the first black world to coach a major league professional sports team?
1 what is widely used to detect birth blemish?
4 what are all the river in europe?
0 what's a soap block?
1 what makes blue gum red?
5 how many eyes does a placental have?
1 which card plot has variations called canfield, klondike and spider?
4 What 's the capital of Monaco ?
1 what network game sees the world ace of amateur ace receiving the uber cup?
5 how many country export coffee?
1 what product's promotion claim that it ``eliminates odors, kills germs, mold', and flour?
3 what mark was his master's sound?
0 what does a las vegas black flag dealer have to do when he reaches 16th?
3 Who invented the vacuum cleaner ?
5 How old was Stevie Wonder when he signed with Motown Records ?
3 which actor had the greatest fame on television became the father of three?
0 what was the long Gregorian calendar month in china?
1 what category of weapons were used in the medieval war?
3 what manufacturer are there in texas?
3 who is the actor goldie hawn's current actor friend?
1 what is the wrong to the economy and government caused by bureaucracy?
1 what's the name of the illness that the actor hunter tylo's daughter has?
1 all right, top four strips on a container of pepsi, what colors?
3 which glamorous actor is a close friend of dick tracy's?
1 what is considered to be the most cost -effective catastrophe the insurance industry has ever faced?
3 what six -foot temperament professional kept her axe in salons?
3 What author was appointed U.S. ambassador to Spain in 1842 ?
0 how do you ask question?
1 what is the fastest moving creature in the world, birds, vertebrate, etc.?
5 how long does cocaine stay in your arrangement?
1 what war did the wanna -go -home violence after?
4 Where is the Virtual Desk Reference ?
4 What are the names of all the seas in the world and what ocean do they drain into ?
1 which two ship led the first sea battle between iron ship?
5 what are the chances of pregnancy if the penis does not enter the duct?
0 what is recruitment interview application?
4 what is the northernmost u.s. administrative district except alaska?
1 what's heavier with cream or beverage?
3 who was the reformer who served as spokesperson for the post grape nuts?
1 what did a 16th -century aztec athlete get for sticking a rubber ball through a gang?
1 what did jack trade wind with the butcher for a handful of beans?
1 what anesthesia has queen victoria allowed to give birth to her seventh child in 1853?
3 what tv fictional character did a horse named thunder breed?
4 Where were the 1936 Summer Olympics held ?
1 What is the brand name of a chemical used to control ripening ?
1 what's another son for diet?
5 how many movie has drew barrymore been in?
5 what measure of folic acid should a mother -to -be take daily?
1 what happening of the 1933's did the german nazis use to justify emergency decrees, lock up opponents and gain more power in themselves?
3 Who served as inspiration for the schoolteacher portrayed by Robin Williams in `` Dead Poets Society '' ?
1 what does a risen one bargain?
3 who invented court game?
1 what stephen sondheim ballade ends: ```well, maybe next time period..'''?
3 who's stationed at camp swampy in comic strip?
3 what catch -22 character is elected civil authority of half a dozen italian cities?
4 What is George Lucas 's e-mail address ?
3 who was the democratic candidate in the american presidential election?
5 in what year did degas create the bronze plastic art, ``````````fourth position front?''
0 How do you reference a website ?
4 What 's the name of the temple that is located near the capital city of Laos ?
3 What is Jimmy Olsen 's full name ?
1 what kind of exercise tan most calories?
4 What Russian seaport has a name meaning `` Lord of the East '' ?
3 who invented the electric guitar?
3 which university did angela davis happening?
3 what famous tv talk show host was a lay predator when he was seventeen?
1 what triple crown achiever took the 1973 belmont stakes by 31 lengths?
1 What common plant has a button , cap , cup , gills , and ring ?
5 how much quality does the brain need?
1 what was the name of the protestant rebellion against the dominance of the pope?
1 what does an angry motor vehicle owner call iron oxide?
5 what's the act for the university of kentucky?
3 what is the middle name of the product producer joseph e. levine?
4 Where are the leading medical groups specializing in lung diseases ?
5 what is the average number of work time of american workers?
5 how many times a time unit should you use a recipe with ``````````````q.d.''no.
4 which city in south america has the highest commercial discipline in the world?
5 what are the three winter time period in the southern hemisphere?
0 what were the cause of the civil war?
5 How many countries are there ?
3 which professional work for the center for the defense of free enterprise?
5 how old was lucille ball when the display "i love lucy" premiered?
4 where can an individual test a liaison lens that burned the entire eye surface when it is new?
1 what is the term describing a son in which only one use has been recorded in all literature?
3 what piano institution claims that its product is the instrument of the immortals?
5 How old is too old for a child to not be talking ?
0 Why were red M&Ms discontinued then brought back ?
1 what do you see in rhyme?
0 why do some jets have a steam path, others don't?
2 what do the letters zip in the sentence "zip code" mean?
4 What is the name of the tallest mountain in the world ?
0 What are the living conditions in Cuba ?
4 what body of water surrounds the madeira islands?
3 What university was Woodrow Wilson President of ?
0 how can you prevent the itch of poison ivy?
1 what are the different approaches of system psychoanalysis?
3 which two military officer executed the troops in the battle of el alameina?
3 which union leader was last seen in the room lot of a restaurant in michigan?
1 what is scotch for multitude who know the difference?
1 What species was Winnie the Pooh ?
4 What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?
0 How did the Hohenzollerns build their power around 17 ?
1 what blood mutant shows a movement called veronica?
5 of juvenile between the age of two and eleven, what percentage watch ``the simpsons''?
1 what is the second lightest component?
4 are you referring to a political unit developing a magnetic railway system?
1 What was the name of Aristotle Onassis 's yacht ?
1 what do british companies have 175, 0 large indefinite quantity of tea in 1982?
3 which hungarian cardinal was first a prisoner of state and then a exile in the u.s. embassy 1956 to 1971?
3 who was the writer and who was the composer between gilbert and sullivan?
5 how many litres of whole beverage does it take to make a pound of butter?
0 what effect does lsd have on the brain?
3 who was the democratic candidate in the american presidential elections?
3 What was Mao 's second name ?
0 what is the difference between a classical stringed instrument and an acoustic stringed instrument?
1 what does final four mean in the diversion world?
0 what doeasts east =mc2 meastan?
1 what is widely used to detect prenatal birth blemish?
0 What is a gandy dancer ?
1 What Shakespearean play featured Shylock ?
3 Who recorded the 1957 hit Tammy ?
1 what's the soft helping for adults?
4 which is the oldest ethnological depository in the world?
3 which government or government polity are responsible for dealing with racism?
0 how is carbon oxide removed from natural gas?
3 what is the name of the pop singer whose song became the heading song for a kind of catsup?
5 When did Spielberg direct `` Jaws '' ?
3 which major airline has the best condition record in the world?
3 who created the world wide web, www?
4 where do i get data about custody records for the state of utah?
5 what year did rossetti coating "beata beatrix"?
2 what do the culture ce mean for so many products, especially electrical, now purchased?
3 who portrayed dracula in hammer studios?
0 what is the difference between credence and determinism?
3 what future president of the united states became the majority meal of the senate under harry truman?
4 which state and western singer is known as silver fox?
3 Who was shot in the back during a Poker game in Deadwood , the Dakota territory ?
1 which side of the external body part do most artists prefer to show in self -portraits?
3 what fictional character does the treasure island tell?
1 which organism killed most people?
3 who kept the most famous writing in english?
0 how are the u.s.a. involved in the barbary wars?
3 who was the first politician of west virginia?
3 who was the second person to wear iron man's armor?
1 What are the best ways to improve employee morale at low cost ?
0 What does a nihilist believe in ?
1 at christmas, what is the traditional matter to do under the mistletoe branch?
4 what municipality would you be in if you were feeding pigeons on piazza san marco?
0 What are vermicilli , rigati , zitoni , and tubetti ?
5 how many group in the us say that their main source of information is the newspaper?
0 what is a mathematical cause?
1 in which deodorant did tenants have adjacent medicine furniture?
3 who was the first black artist to have his own tv show?
0 what was the fame of the football plot, the fordham waynesburg state 12601 in september 3, 1939?
5 what are the book that fit in fermont's last sentence?
5 how many states have a "citrus law" for new cars?
0 what is the largest collection of cactus?
1 what kind of brew is rockin'? america.
4 which political unit is directly south of detroit?
1 what kind of problem first appeared in the united states in new york world in december 21, 1913?
1 what are the sign of the zodiac of a country going into recession?
3 who was the first taiwanese corporate executive?
3 Who 's won the most Oscars for costume design ?
5 how much of the silver output is produced by independent silver smelters?
0 what's the motto for the administrative district of maryland?
0 What is capitalism according to Max Weber ?
0 what is a written record of basidiomycetes?
3 who is the director of the international group called the human genome organization (hugo), which wants to coordinate gene mapping investigation worldwide?
3 what the california governor said, "inlegal action can be the highest form of legal action"?
0 how do you destroy hymenopterous insect that are in the walls of your house? will hymenopterous insect stay for the winter?
1 What Shakespeare play opens with the line : `` Now is the winter of our discontent.. . '' ?
5 How far is it from Phoenix to Blythe ?
4 where can i get the us economic applied mathematics?
3 who said, "old soldier never die; they just fade away"?
1 What is the world 's best selling cookie ?
1 what is the greatest source of white supernaturalism in the marvel universe?
3 name one of the most important spiritual being of hinduism.
5 what is the average case a male needs to ejaculate?
1 what mixed drink inspired john doxat to write the book stirred -not shaken?
5 how many imaginary being form a word for the writing test?
3 What TV sitcom character had the maiden name Ethel Potter ?
0 What are the cookies in Internet ?
0 what's the point of the document i'm talking about?
1 What is the name of Jamiroquai new album ?
0 how do you say the language unit "qigong"?
5 what time period was avery dennison's company founded?
3 what bourbon sovereign was returned to the french throne during napoleon's abdication?
4 Where is the highest point in Japan ?
0 what is the proud claim to honor of the young women who formed kappa alpha theta?
1 What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?
3 What U.S. general was court-martialled for criticizing American air power ?
5 How big is the Electoral College ?
0 how do i find a city if i have the local written communication?
3 who wrote the book "huckleberry finn"?
1 what's the condition for someone who hates humanity?
4 which artificial waterways are 1.76 linear unit long?
5 What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. ?
3 who makes the simpsons' sound?
2 what is the right way to shorten cc.at the end of a business document?
5 what percentage of the natural object is muscle?
4 which state is partially bounded by the indian ocean and corals and tasman seas?
1 what bombardment of 1966 has brought astronauts back in prehistoric time?
3 name the on stage sign whose external body part has never been seen.
1 what's the name of a female leporid?
1 What William Styron book is about a black preacher who leads a slave revolt ?
5 what is a perfect evaluation in a gymnastics exercise?
3 who created the comic "garfield"?
4 what are all the southern administrative district of the united administrative district?
4 Where can I get U.S. economic statistics ?
5 When did swimming become commonplace ?
5 how fast do big cat run?
3 what is an example of a famous rock dance band from the sixties?
3 which comedian hit the tv filmdom in 1951 with the nbc afternoon show time for ernie?
3 who was the second man to walk on the moon?
3 name the tree -breeding institution.
5 How many people die of tuberculosis yearly ?
3 who was scrooge's dead spouse in dickens' a christmas carol?
1 what tv shows did many of his aquatic scenes see in silver springs, florida?
5 how many real yield juices are there in a can of hawaiian punch?
1 what is the term for limestone storage rising from the side of a cave?
3 What player squats an average of 3 times during a baseball doubleheader ?
0 what is the blueprint of the ship titanic?
4 what is the second largest land in the world?
3 who advised the hearing to see the u.s.a. in their chevrolet?
0 what is the lineage of the word, jj?
5 In what year did the US Marine Corps adopt the motto `` Semper Fidelis '' ?
3 who's the fastest swimmer in the natural object?
3 who's the richest man in the natural object?
3 who is the famous movie star who also served as provo canyon's channel commissioner, utah?
4 what are the largest indian airport?
5 how many language unit are there in a series of hendekalartic poetry?
3 Who was The Pride of the Yankees ?
5 What year did the United States pass the Copyright law ?
0 Why didn 't European colonial rule spread until after the first and second industrial revolutions ?
0 why was henry ford's first motor vehicle introduced as model t & his second type of motor vehicle in 19208, called model a?
4 what's the tallest construction in new york city?
1 what was the name of the tv show with karl madsen called san francisco?
1 what do skilled worker use to measure time?
3 what's the name of joan jett's social group?
1 what's the language unit of the green beryl?
3 Who was Randy Steven Craft 's lawyer ?
1 what was the name of the calculator in 2001: a space odyssey?
1 What beer 's name is translated as `` lion brew '' ?
5 how many large integer of students attend the university of massachusetts?
3 who is currently the most popular musician in the world?
5 how much is the lineage of apple computers, and where can i find this information?
0 how do i tie semblance clothes?
1 what products use a tiger as a signal?
3 what famous actress has her first appearance on stage at the age of five in the 191 year as a "child"?
4 what are the four largest batch ranges in the continental usa?
5 what are bottle caps with presidents' representation inside?
1 what dickens novel does david have with the communication "barkis" to peggy?
1 which of the many numbered container of scotch was best evaluated by an expert group in 1863?
3 which diamond manufacturer controls about 80% of the world's jewel?
3 which ship's company logo is a "w" in a circle?
0 what are the current immigration torah in the usa?
5 how many endangered coinage are there in the world?
5 when are you planting winter pale yellow?
1 what's the name of the canadian public tv children's show with the musical performance pineapple?
0 what causes blue game equipment?
4 which country has the most meter zones with 11?
1 what killer large person died of a fungal infection in sea world?
3 who was the lawyer representing randy steven craft?
1 what's a good publication for people who hate to read?
3 who commands the starship enterprise in star trek?
1 what is the condition for an organism living on or in another?
0 how do i find a web code for a company?
3 who was gerald ford with the evil president?
3 who wrote "unsafe at any speed"?
3 which performer did james bond portray first?
1 what is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune illness that attacks the protein shell that surrounds nerve cells and causes a gradual loss of movement in the body?
5 what is the weight of a containerful matter in a black hole?
5 How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?
3 who was the highest u.s. president of the united states?
0 what's the mystery to the bermuda triangle?
1 What is a fear of insanity ?
1 what are the most common element in sea water?
1 what preservative was once sold as patent medicine?
3 Who is Pia Zadora 's millionaire husband and mentor ?
5 How long should a person wash their hands before they are clean ?
1 What is the world 's deadliest infectious disease ?
5 what is the protection rate of contraceptive?
1 what is the symbol for the region gemini?
1 what are some colorful angiosperm that will bloom in new england in autumn?
5 What is the wingspan of a condor ?
0 what is the deviation between neoclassical art and romance?
0 what is the origin of the phrase of writing practice ````now is the case for all good men to support their country''''''''''''''''''
1 what cost the first prize in the omni magazine contest to find the "ultimate unanswered questioning"?
5 what is the amount of american soldiers not yet known from the vietnam war?
5 when did fraze get his first document for the pull -tab can?
1 what are some of the significant historical psychological feature of the 1990s?
3 Who founded the first aerodynamics laboratory in 1912 ?
1 what's the best space move in chess?
3 which famous actor is the parent of star alan alda?
5 in what year did germany sign its treaty against the soviet union?
5 how much will california's gas tax indefinite quantity with the 21st year?
1 How do you say `` eat the day '' in Latin ?
0 what is the chemosmotic hypothesis?
1 what infectious illness is the deadliest illness in the world?
5 when did the first world war beginning?
5 When was Babe Ruth born ?
4 where can i get a map of prussia on the internet?
1 which family products are available for adult acne?
4 where can i find information on investigation into oilseeds through genetics?
0 what are some interesting facts and information about andiron litter?
5 what is the new age to switch a child from a cradle to a bedroom furniture?
0 How do fuel injectors work ?
3 what democratic joke ball dragged the train out of the post while richard nixon was talking about caboose?
4 which country has banned the russians from one fifth of its region?
0 what causes ferric oxide?
0 what do you know about multicultural and multilingual educational institution?
3 Who is Stephen Hawking ?
4 what are the two longest river in britain?
0 What is the definition of low island ?
1 what is the softest function of the body?
0 what do a rhombus and a lump of money have in common?
1 what are most album sold by an artist or a band?
3 who was the author of john brown's body?
5 when was dubai's first concrete sign of the zodiac built?
3 who said, "give me freedom or give me death?"
3 who was tiny tim's father?
4 which tokyo street shines with famous department stores and spot?
4 Where can I find the names of all the 15 Pokemon ?
3 in the 1920s, who maintained the endurance of the aviator?
5 how many calories are there in soy condiment?
0 how do you find out what can be claimed as a subsidiary rate for income levy purposes?
1 at christmas, what is the traditional thing to do under the mistletoe outgrowth?
5 how often were quartet born?
5 how many engines does a boeing 737 person?
5 what proportion of the world's collection and fauna are found in the amazon forests?
0 what is the literal message of ```d -day''?
0 How does marl form and what mineral does it contain ?
5 how many muscles does an huitre have?
1 what has the chinese sovereign presented to the english soldier gordon in recognition of his service in fighting insurgency?
3 what are the first names of rowan and martin, the stars of tv's laugh -in?
5 what is the maximum number of clubs a golfer can use in one round of golf?
0 what is the deviation between optical and digital video?
4 what state in the gulf of mexico has its lowest component five feet below sea level?
3 who is the current un secretary -general?
0 What was the rallying cry of the early American revolutionaries ?
3 What business exports the sparkling wine Spumante ?
3 what is the most famous identity of john merrick, the noble unpleasant person of victorian england?
1 What impenetrable system of French fortifications was built along the German frontier before World War II ?
5 how many group does honda employ in the united states?
5 what is the third month of the gregorian arrangement?
0 what is the circus orbital intumescence?
3 Who was the first governor of West Virginia ?
1 What invention does the principle of conservation of energy make impossible ?
1 what does an angry car owner telephone iron oxide?
4 Where is the Danube ?
3 what was the language unit of the german plane manfred von richter?
1 what sign is the water system carrier, the zodiac sign for?
5 what was the date of the first message of cnn?
4 in which country is an imaginary clapper a friendly greeting?
1 What is the term for someone who hates mankind ?
3 What comedian hit the TV screen in 1951 with the NBC afternoon show Time for Ernie ?
4 what sunburned, 14 -mile natural depression is north of the mojave desert?
5 how many flag are there in the spectrum?
5 how many family penis could be enlisted in the u.s. military during world war ii?
1 what blood sport shows a movement called flower?
4 which u.s. administrative district has an element named after it?
3 who is the president of bolivia?
1 Name Li 'l Abner 's favorite Indian drink .
3 who invented broadcasting?
3 who invented the lawn mower?
3 which writer diarist described his brand with colorful broadway and subterranean characters?
0 What is osteichthyes ?
3 who's the civil authority of marbella?
1 What color is the cross on Switzerland 's flag ?
0 How do I find if my relatives were on the Trail of Tears ?
1 name four famous cartoon feline.
0 why does e seem to turn in wheel, e.g. in car tire, in the opposite direction when it slows down?
5 when was the first railway completed from the east shore to the west shore?
1 what was the name of the situation comedy where alyssa milano performed with tony danza?
3 who was the first black artist to have his own tv show?
5 how many elephant are left on earth?
5 how many frames does a disk camera shuffle?
0 What 's the difference and advantages of selecting a Super VHS VCR over plain VHS model ?
1 which literary classic focuses on the search for a gem in gold worth 7,0 pounds?
3 who sings ben johnson's "drink to me with your eyes" song?
3 who was samuel johnson's friend and writer?
5 how many group was randy craft convicted of murder?
0 what caused the pause of the 25th annual session of the united nations general assembly?
1 name a person that died.
3 what the french couturier said: "the jean is the destructor! it's a dictator! it destroys creativity. jeans must be stopped!'' nope.
4 where can i find scientific data, research writing, textile technology?
0 what impact do nitrate have on the environment?
1 What is the lowest level of the American judiciary ?
1 what does a wolf spider eat?
1 what category of sport is chris jogis a top player of?
3 what non -conformist abstract painter has been called jack the dripper from case to case?
3 Who said `` Give me liberty or give me death '' ?
0 where does the proverb "hand rule" come from?
1 what kind of animal are dorsets, lincoln's, oxfords and southdowns?
0 what is psychotherapy?
5 what day is ukrainian christmas?
1 what is a emotion of crystals or glass?
0 what are perfect time period?
3 what was the first u s unit in the nhl?
4 where can i find up -to -date information on airfoil temperature on the coast, preferably along north america and the caribbean?
5 How many years ago did Led Zeppelin release its last album ?
1 what is the most sold tv soundtrack of all case?
5 how much cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the atmosphere outside?
5 What 's men 's par on a 455-yard golf hole ?
0 what is gay science?
3 who killed more people, hitler or stalin?
1 what are some colorful flowers that will bloom in new england in fall?
3 what is the name of the celestial body of the cooking show, galopp gourmet?
4 what are the names of the tourist force in reims?
1 what kind of rum is so "mixable" this is a one -time browning automatic rifle?
0 how do companies cut material so thin?
5 how many bottles of wine were allowed in the bastille per sidereal day?
0 why is microsoft's windows 3 such a successful computer idea?
0 why do recipe books recommend to start with cold water system when cooking something?
5 how many multitude were executed for abraham lincoln's murder?
4 what are tourist attractions in reims?
3 what celebrity pair, during a divorce, split their toilet paper into two equal stacks?
3 who was the sovereign who signed the magna carta?
3 who was the minister of war in the civil war during the battle of gettysburg?
0 in waugh "a handful of dust", what does the crazy old man make the heroes do every afternoon?
1 what's a emotion of lice?
4 what is the best website for online game?
4 what country are the mark twain national forests in?
3 who is the twin buddy of the greek goddess artemis?
3 who created dennis the menace?
4 where can i find the lyrics for the song ``getting married today''from the musical ` company?
3 what are the names of the person of lesbos island?
5 How many Stradivarius violins were ever made ?
5 what is the death penalty for people world health organization die of tuberculosis?
5 What is the normal resting heart rate of a healthy adult ?
3 who played the father on "charles in charge"?
4 where did sergeant steel get his metal hired hand?
3 what celebrity couple, during a separation, split their toilet paper into two equal stacks?
0 what is the difference between classical learning and operator learning?
3 who did the biggest cocaine operation in ventura county history?
4 what are the two city in dicken's a tale of two city?
4 what are the ten largest municipality in the united states?
0 why do they call ice container ice container?
3 what two -year fictional imaginary being does pencey prep school attend?
0 what is the origin of the language unit marijuana?
1 what do camels store in their projection?
0 What are a baseball team 's firemen ?
1 which layer of the atmosphere contains the largest function of the ozone layer?
0 What caused the death of Bob Marley ?
1 what format was vhs's biggest business relation?
3 what was the name of the leslie hornby exemplar?
1 what is one of the communication of the sioux?
0 how did "stat" become an formula for fast?
4 what's the rocket home?
5 what's columbia tristar's phone amount?
4 where is the oldest living thing in the natural object?
0 What are the requirements for becoming a citizen of Australia ?
0 What are the short- and long-term effects of underage drinking ?
5 how big is the arctic refuge to maintain unique life and life value on alaska's northern coast?
4 what's the language unit of the planet the ewoks live on?
1 what meal food has ribs?
3 which of the following tv news was a rhodes scholar?
1 what's a fear of period?
1 What Mary Tyler Moore Show regular came into the world as Tadeus Wladyslaw Konopka ?
3 who shared a new york city housing with roger maris when he reached the 61st home runs?
4 which city did the mormons establish as their office in 1847?
0 What happens when lightning strikes a body of water ?
4 What European capital celebrated its 2 , 000th anniversary in 1951 ?
1 what did walter huston remove to perform in the treasure of the sierra madre?
0 what is the programming communication c?
3 in dana's two years before the mast, which sailors lived in an abandoned furnace on the beach of san diego?
5 how long may james bond have been cooking his testis?
0 why are so many canopy black?
1 what were millions of children wearing on their question in the 1955s?
3 what inspired apollo 11 traveler to run the place while armstrong and aldrin made history?
1 which chocolate room, created by frank mars and his wife, is often referred to as the peanut milky way?
3 What college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball for ?
3 What college produced the most winning Super Bowl quarterbacks ?
0 what nuclear process takes point in an h -bomb?
1 What Broadway musical featured the song , `` If I were a rich man ? ''
0 what facial function does walt disney sport s have that hour of disney's employees are allowed?
1 how do you say "i love you" in other lyric?
5 how many murder and assassinations have there been in the united states since 1865?
1 which device is ray charles best known for playing?
3 Who betrayed Norway to the Nazis ?
0 what is the quality between a classical guitar and an acoustic guitar?
3 Who declared : `` I am down on whores and I shan 't stop ripping them '' ?
4 What colorful sea 's region does Greek legend say the Amazons lived near ?
4 What 's the longest river in the world ?
3 name of the mighty white trader in conrad's heart of darkness?
1 what are most albums sold by an artist or a social group?
3 who was israel's first prime curate?
5 How many pairs of legs does a lobster have ?
0 how do you clean badly damaged brass section?
3 world health organization was the environmentalist world health organization served as spokesperson for the post grape nuts?
5 How many children does Ray Davies of the Kinks have ?
3 which architect comes from the glass building designed by the chicago federal center had a philosophy of "less is more", "and produced plans that were the forerunner of the california ranch building".
4 what are the four oceans of the natural object?
1 what artifact can you make?
5 when was the big psychological state?
5 how long should the tv nongovernmental organization of star trek's enterprise be?
1 which 1976 deep throat clone supplies the leading actor with a second larynx?
5 how far is the population?
1 what are the five basic swimming channel?
5 on what sidereal day did the iraqis launch their attack on kuwait?
1 what is the language unit of the largest hydropower plant in china?
3 who did the biggest cocaine attack in ventura county past?
1 Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?
1 what kevin costner product is the sioux indians in?
5 How far is Yaroslavl from Moscow ?
3 which bread company has put cisco kid stickers at the end of their collection?
1 What four tastes can a human distinguish ?
1 what was the name of america's first manned attribute program?
3 who sent the short message ``i came, i saw, i conquered''?
3 what was the name of the 6.500 german air influence that used the spanish civil war as a training exercise?
1 to get the most alkaloid, which limo should i drink?
5 how many u.s. presidents were assassinated during the time period of queen victoria?
1 what helps the first -aid product ````stop the symptom''''''?
4 where did the military action of the bulge take place?
1 what's a emotion of trees?
1 what two great natural object religions began in india?
3 who invented the toothbrush?
4 Where is the Isle of Man ?
0 What is a firewall ?
4 on what island are statues called shiner?
5 what is most goals achieved by a unit in an nhl hockey game?
0 why is the universe flat, if it started with an explosion, shouldn't it be a projectile?
5 What is the goat population of the world ?
0 how are the u.s.a. involved in the barbary wars?
3 What was Thatcher 's first name ?
0 What is the Bernoulli Principle ?
0 how did inspector james j. kilroy describe the instrumentality as satisfactory?
0 What is the definition of the term `` weapons system '' ?
1 What 's the biggest-selling U.S. magazine aimed at a black audience ?
3 who's the sexy celestial body?
0 what is the difference between a body and a university?
4 what city is the region of hell's kitchen in?
3 what english king had six fingers on one hand?
3 who took over the activity of the boston pops after arthur fiedler's long reign?
0 What is carpal tunnel syndrome ?
3 who made the musical evidence "true to your school"?
1 which old kids''fare did tv guide author jeff greenfield call one of the most subversive tv entertainment in american history''?
4 in what state was there an 11 -million -gallon oil spill?
0 what is the point of ``jiggy''as if you are playing with it?
0 what is recruitment interview engineering?
1 in the fiction by john steinbeck, the family joad from oklahoma is played.
1 what is the second hardest matter?
4 which state is australia's largest export market?
3 name the godhead of ````the muppets''.
0 how can i call a friend in another state if i don't know the phone number?
1 in which mutant are these numbers relevant: 118, 126, 134, 142, 15, 158, 167, 177 and 19?
1 what animals in the church have acted as purgative for american colonists?
0 how can scientists predict the weather by observing swarm?
3 who wrote that ``neither a borrower nor a lender'''?
1 what kind of cigarette is a whole new worldly concern?
0 what are beehives doing in cranberry moors?
4 what east -mail addreastss doeasts mark mcgwireast haveast?
0 How do you match a name to a social security number ?
3 What Mormon leader was said to have had 27 wives ?
3 What astronomer-architect designed the present St. Paul 's Cathedral in London ?
3 what was the name of the female offspring of virginia chief powhatan, who married john rolfe?
5 how much medium of exchange do you owe for having a dog on the beach illegally?
4 where do i get a complete list of showtime in my sphere?
1 what was the name of the computer in 2001: a space odyssey?
3 who was the director of the wild bunch?
3 who wanted to start the great society?
1 which mammal in north america is the longest living world for its magnitude?
2 what is the form of the company name general motors?
1 from which paper was the end of the xvi. ==references ====external links ==
1 what is april's jewel?
4 What country has the best defensive position in the board game Diplomacy ?
0 what is a flatulence release?
0 What happened in dogtown in 1899 to make that year remembered ?
0 shea and gould closed their place of business in los angeles for what reason?
1 what can i use to remove the stubborn rubber eraser labels from some disks?
1 which instrument is the mythological character apollo is most familiar with?
1 what discipline sport does the dentist william beers have a standard book of rules for?
4 what state surrounds san marino, the smallest republic in the world?
3 which british pop star of the 1960s and early 1970s was a child actor in the 1940s and 50s?
0 How do you select wine ?
1 what is the damage to the economy and politics caused by bureaucracy?
3 who followed their first two underwater thrillers with the girl of the sea of cortez?
1 what alloys are bull and tin?
1 What 's the Hungarian word for pepper ?
0 what does the term 3 mean for a newspaper skilled worker?
3 who wrote the best -selling missionary travels and researches in south africa, published in 1857?
3 who followed their first two underwater thrillers with the daughter of the sea of cortez?
0 what are these little blue reflector in the middle of the street for?
5 how much money does every player get at the beginning of the plot in monopoly?
3 which director portrayed the commander of the pow clique in 1953rd stalag 17?
1 What did Mr. Magoo flog on TV for General Electric ?
0 what is the definition of ``graphic detail'?
5 how many pitchers occupy the support next to the kneeling woman in edgar degas 1886 paintings the tub?
1 what's a concern of clouds?
3 what was the president meant for, but never placed in the empty crypt under the rotunda of the assets?
1 what were the ceremony like in the time of elisabeth?
5 what is the swine population of the world?
3 what robust u.s. president imported his own educator after watching a judo match?
3 Who was Jane Goodall ?
0 what does the term'return on maturity 'average in relation to bonds?
4 Where did Victor Hugo spend his exile ?
1 what do western indian steel dance band use as instruments?
1 What daily newspaper will `` help you see clearer across the USA '' ?
5 how many queen bees rule in a multitude?
5 what is the new age to switch a child from a rocker to a bed?
1 what course is courseified as a bourgeoisie?
1 what are the different kind of pizza?
0 what is the planning language c?
3 what famous comic book fictional character died of acne?
0 what else did the hybridization mean?
0 who likes james bond's cocktail?
0 what was the aura of king camp gillette?
0 how can i find a list of important person' real names?
5 how much will california's flatulence tax increase with the 21st year?
5 How much money did the Marcos steal from their country ?
1 what common illness can't be caught at the north pole?
1 what sign of the zodiac is the best love play for a horoscope sign of the zodiac?
1 what is another term for painful wrist complex?
3 who created the fictional character james bond?
0 what is the main reason why electric vehicle cannot be popular nowadays?
0 How do I write to my Congressman ?
5 What year was the first automobile manufactured ?
1 what is the term for the assets of all genetic substances in a particular organism?
3 who followed their first two underwater thrillers with the girl of the sea of cortez?
1 what bird goes into the limelight after the chinese class of the monkey?
1 which airplane has fawaz younis been convicted of kidnapping?
5 what is the chemical reactivity of chemical element?
1 what metier is hammlen the first singing cowboy in?
3 what was the cook's language unit on rawhide?
3 what tv unit sometimes buys eclairs from nelson's bakery?
1 in what war were there battle at papagei's beak and black virgin?
1 What Italian liner was hijacked in 1985 ?
0 what is the deviation between microprocessors and microcontrollers?
0 what is a leaky center valve?
0 what do a diamond and a lump of medium of exchange have in common?
1 what invention makes the principle of energy economy impossible?
5 how many country have a "lemon law" for new cars?
1 at christmas, what is the traditional situation to do under the mistletoe branch?
2 what is a "usb" geographic point on a computer?
5 how many years has shea & gould practiced collection in los angeles?
1 what mammal being, breeds, eats and sleeps underground?
3 who is the son -in -law of sen everett dirkson, who was also a senator of the 70s?
1 what tv show changed the defamation to protect the innocent?
0 what is ethology?
4 Where can I find full written draft of CTBT ?
3 Who built the first successful stern wheel steamboat ?
0 what is the point of the word "posh"?
1 What do sailors use to measure time ?
3 which company started making cakes and ended up throwing plastic miniature?
5 How many different languages are spoken in Europe ?
0 what is the function of a community binary compound tower?
5 how was thatcher's admission to power after ten year?
3 who was the first charwoman in space?
1 what is the brand language unit of the chemical daminozide?
3 who gave abbie hoffman his first dose of lsd?
3 what tv syndicate sometimes buys eclairs from nelson's bakery?
3 who gave abbie hoffman his first dose of lsd?
5 how many tits does a goat mutant do?
5 how deep is a screw thread?
5 how many political unit are there?
3 who drove through florida looking for the fountain of youth?
3 who was the captain of the tanker exxon valdez, who was involved in the petroleum disaster in prince william sound, alaska, 1989?
0 why were group recruited for the vietnam war?
0 what's the quality between terry tuch and french terry?
0 what is the quality between college and graduate school?
3 what new orleans d.a. said: "my associates and i solved the attack weeks ago"?
5 What time of year has the most air travel ?
0 how can scientists predict the weather by observing physical phenomenon?
3 What actor and World War II airman had a $5 , 0 bounty put on his head by Hermann Goering ?
1 how can you help person at chicken pox?
0 What is being done about the millennium bug ?
5 what are the odds that at least two out of 25 group have the same birthday?
4 Where did Luther display his `` Ninety-Five Theses '' ?
3 who was the first black golfer to go to the masters ball?
1 Which type of submarine was bought recently by South Korea ?
3 which companies or agencies would carry out an employment accounting?
3 name the designer of the shoe that has produced millions of imitation of plastic, known as ``jelly'.
0 what is the deviation between molecules and compounds?
5 what are the statistics for drunk driver in maryland?
0 how do you tell person you like them?
1 what therapy is trying to trigger the "belly laugh"?
0 What is difference between a poster and a print ?
3 what savage and madman wrote a publication called cruel shoes?
5 How much salt is in the oceans ?
5 how many milligram are in one gram?
3 who sings ben johnson's "drink to me with your eyes" song?
3 which u.s. body has the largest library?
5 What is the acreage of the Chappellet vineyard ?
2 what is the abbreviated word of the national bureau of investigation?
1 what movie ends with the formation `````````this is mrs. norman maine''?
5 how many equine are there in a polo team?
4 in which direction does the journey continue in around the world in 80 days?
3 what famous tv talk show host was a lay predator when he was seventeen?
0 How do you become a dentist ?
1 What creature is the absolute fastest in moving in the world , birds , mammals , etc. , ?
0 What is it like to experience a near death episode ?
1 what is the most famous german language unit in the english language?
1 what was originally defined as one millionth of the spacing from the equator to the pole?
5 what is the death penalty for group who die of tuberculosis?
5 how many group were executed for abraham lincoln's murder?
1 what spider makes an excellent animal, even said to recognize its master?
1 what color tennis testis are used on wimbledon?
4 where did the battle of the bulge take home?
5 When was the first successful heart transplant for a human ?
4 what are the five most expensive cities in the natural object?
1 what kind of homorian epic chronicle of the extremity of the trojan wars?
3 what two historical figures who fought in a famous struggle each have a meal named after them?
4 which city is often called the insurance das kapital of the world?
3 Who was the author of the book about computer hackers called `` The Cuckoo 's Egg : Tracking a Spy Through the Maze of Computer Espionage '' ?
1 name a product that controls the ripeness of apple.
0 what is a "knot" in calculator terms?
5 how many layers of chromatic color is a faber mongol pencil with luck?
0 what is the origin of beauty in the sense organ of the beholder?
3 who was santos dumont?
3 what six -foot temperament lawyer kept her ax in salons?
5 what's the initial wage for prospective lawyers?
5 how much power does the neural structure need?
1 What does Final Four refer to in the sports world ?
3 What was the name of the cook on Rawhide ?
4 what city would you be in if you were feeding columbiform bird on piazza san marco?
3 which baron is satirized in the line ```the baron was in the countinghouse and counted all his money'''''?
3 What two commanders directed the forces in the Battle of El Alamein ?
4 Where was the first zoo in the U.S. ?
5 what's the might of the shuttle boosters?
0 what's the computer for the part of us?
1 what's the round part on the peak of a matchbook called?
0 why are the roof in canada green?
4 which emerging u.s. administrative district boasts most airports?
1 what do sea cattle eat?
1 What did Martin Luther post on the church door at Wittenberg ?
4 what is the best home to live in the world, taking into account the climate, civilization?
3 Who was Lacan ?
0 What do pointed letters mean to a handwriting analyst ?
3 what are the characters' name in the scooby -doo cartoon?
4 which city is blessed by the titus electrical conduction?
3 who was the presiding officer of the senate committee that tried to find watergate?
0 what does the term'return on maturity 'mean in relation to attraction?
3 what imaginary being in the beverly hillbillies is the name daisy moses?
3 which baseball team owner and skilled worker is known as the mouth of the south?
5 How many miles is it from London , England to Plymouth , England ?
5 Boxing Day is celebrated on what date ?
1 What was the longest war in U.S. history ?
0 What does the term `` spaghetti western '' mean ?
1 what is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as involuntary movements, ticks, swearing and incoherent vocalizations, noise, screams, etc.?
4 what asian country was once enthusiastic about the sport of orthopterous insect fighting?
3 who portrayed renaud in casablanca?
0 How does blood clot ?
1 what is the most commonly used calculator program?
5 what's the act on a dartboard at twelve o'clock?
3 what ship's company has built more than 2.5 billion small green houses since the 1935's?
5 what is the life anticipation of an elephant?
0 How do you buy stocks ?
3 what role do fruits play in building complex survival?
1 what's a emotion of shadows?
0 what's it like to experience a near -death happening?
0 Why does the sun shine only a short time in Alaska ?
0 what good are dipterous insect?
4 Mississippi has what name for a state nickname ?
3 who gave us the rolling writer?
0 what are "inkhorn footing"?
1 what relative of the raccoon is sometimes known as a cat bear?
3 Who was the architect of Central Park ?
1 which card game derived its language unit from biritch or russian whist?
3 what kind of group participated in shay's "rebellion in massachusetts in 1787"?
5 how many points are there on a backgammon committee?
5 how many people died from a smoke problem in the 1997?
3 Who was named Admiral of the Ocean Seas and Viceroy and Governor General of all the islands he might discover , and also granted 10-?? of all profits of his voyage .
1 what is the right way to install a rotation of toilet paper?
3 what is the name of the star topology of the cooking show, galopp gourmet?
3 What non-conformist abstract painter was dubbed Jack The Dripper by Time ?
3 Who killed Lee Harvey Oswald ?
2 what does u s r mean?
3 who was the first u.s. corporate executive?
4 which structure is adequately represented on the back of the 1 -dollar bill?
4 which national passenger rail system in the state is via?
3 Who was Hitler 's minister of propaganda ?
0 what kind of time of life did jules verne have?
0 how do you say the son "qigong"?
1 what function of her clothing was "baton hooks" for old west cowboys?
0 how did people react to the content of the first millennium?
3 what do you call someone world health organization likes fire?
1 which novel inspired the movie bladerunner?
1 what is the name of the rare neurological illness with symptoms such as involuntary movements, ticks, swearing and incoherent vocalizations, grunts, screams, etc.?
0 what are "inkhorn status"?
1 what vowels do all esperanto matter end in?
0 Colin Powell is famous for what ?
4 which mountain stove is crossed by the highest railway in the world?
5 how many president died on the fourth of july?
1 What dropped 1 , 313 feet in 1980 ?
4 which country is the largest jewel producer?
3 who was the defendant in the trial of the century, which opened january 1st, 1935?
3 who plays shortstop for charlie brown's baseball team?
4 what is the brightest celestial body on earth visible?
0 how can you prevent the itching of substance ivy?
3 which actor learned to play sax and speak russian for a role in a movie?
3 who was the girl in peter sellers' soup?
3 Who is the prime minister of Australia ?
0 what is the proud call to fame of the young women who formed kappa alpha theta?
0 what is the message 98 about?
3 who won the rugby world cup?
5 When did the last Americans leave Vietnam ?
1 What started in 1849 when gold was discovered at Sutter 's Mill ?
3 what government did the outcast work for?
3 what non -conformist abstract painter has been called jack the dripper from case to case?
1 what is the best -selling calculator model ever?
3 who said, "what despicable villain stole the cork from my lunch?"
3 who is the queen of holland?
3 what is the airline for professional person?
3 What school does Tom attend in Tom Brown 's School Days ?
0 what is white cocoa?
4 What countries have the best math students ?
4 which country is proud to claim the crack national park?
4 which mountain area of the world is the lhasa apso dog, which is housed in the world?
3 what is the activity of nicholas cage?
0 what are some interesting facts and message about dog litter?
2 what does r.e.m. stand for the natural object group r.e.m.?
3 What Good Little Witch is Casper 's girlfriend ?
3 who is the twin male sibling of the greek goddess artemis?
4 which u.s. state has the second longest shore?
5 when did water sport become everyday?
5 how many calorie are there in a tomato?
3 who holds the nfl record for most touchdowns in one season?
1 what attacker are there in antarctica?
3 who was red grange?
1 what is the primary communication of the philippines?
4 where are the leading medical groups specialising in lung illness?
0 why are there letters on the telephone? why is there no q or z?
0 What is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?
0 what's the story with the valentine's day card?
5 what are the shoe size of o'neal, jordan and mutombo, the nba players?
0 what is false awareness?
1 what does the technology called cold union produce?
5 what year did social policy begin?
0 how do i know the exact time of sunset for a particular sidereal day?
5 what is most goals achieved by a team in an nhl field game game?
3 what was william f. cody's better language unit?
5 how much did a male aristocrat's armor weigh?
5 how many dogs pull a sled in an idiot's lair?
1 what color were their equine?
4 What is the capital of Uruguay ?
5 what are the magnitude of an ice hockey goal?
5 how many people were executed for abraham lincoln's homicide?
2 what does nn o mean when used as a prefix in irish surname?
0 what do i have to do to keep my andiron in dominica for a year?
4 what is the famous mexican star topology thalia's address?
5 What are the three winter months in the southern hemisphere ?
0 How can you get rust stains out of clothing ?
0 what is the purpose of the sysrq key on my machine keyboard?
4 which peruvian city is home to the mummified natural object of francisco pizaro?
0 what are the most common causes of change in the usa?
4 What 's the second-largest island in the world ?
5 how many four star generals wer e there and world health organization are they?
5 what are the odds that at least two out of 25 group have the same birthday?
5 how many colored squares are there on a rubik's cube?
5 how long before your body recovers liquid body substance after you have donated your liquid body substance?
3 what was thatcher's first language unit?
0 how do you determine if a computer monitor has an svga arranger?
5 how much money did the former philippine dictator marcos steal from the department of the treasury?
1 what was the devastation of many poor boys in new orleans?
4 what is the highest batch in new england?
1 what killer giant died of a fungal infection in sea world?
1 what is the word for broken glass or sharp natural object embedded in cement on a wall?
1 What five-time winner of the Kentucky Derby lost his first 25 races ?
1 which religion has most associate?
0 What else has the swastika stood for ?
4 what european country boasts the city of furth, where the river rednitz and pegnitz meet?
1 what's the record by william styron about a black preacher leading a slave uprising?
1 what hide -and -seek plot is played around a tin can?
0 what is the difference between a sign and a print?
1 what marx brothers movie is based on a stolen graphic art?
4 Where did Bill Gates go to college ?
1 What is Dr. Seuss ' most popular book ?
0 how do you choose alcohol?
1 What are the rites accompanying the circumcision of a newly born-child in Judaism called ?
4 where on the object is adventours tours from sydney?
3 which company produces impulse heart employment?
0 What is the difference between the anus and the rectum ?
0 what is the origin of the language unit "amen"?
1 what's the best drink to quench your hunger?
1 what semblance are school buses?
5 what time period starts with the spring equinox?
1 What literary classic centers on the search for a treasure in gold worth 7 , 0 pounds ?
3 who hired jackie kennedy to write the end of a president?
0 how can i stop background noise in a stereo arrangement?
0 what is the lineage of the word "amen"?
3 what military service was founded by william booth and his wife catherine?
5 how many cds did garth brooks sell?
4 which u.s. country boasts leif ericson park?
5 how long was the longest reflex attack?
4 what are the capitals of the two major political unit occupying the iberian peninsula in europe?
1 what are two building complex that make clothes?
1 what ocean ship burned and sank in hong kong port?
4 which country is last on an alphabetical database?
1 What famed tennis tournament 's men 's singles title was Fred Perry the last Englishman to win ?
3 who were the leaders of the byzantine empire?
3 what son of a 15 -year -old mexican girl and a half -irish parent became the most famous greek in the world?
4 where is the data about the novel "el cid"?
0 what does ground beef like steak burger do?
3 which company uses the unknown faces of its celebrity loudspeaker to promote the use of its product?
0 what are manifest and latent function explanation?
0 what do the red and white badge mean in a hair salon?
3 who provides telephone service in orange county, california?
3 Who was the first Taiwanese President ?
5 how many athletes have puerto rico included in the 1984 winter game?
5 how much metallic element should a grown woman have every day?
5 how many syndicate members could be enlisted in the u.s. military during world war ii?
5 independent silver medal forge's account for what percentage of silver medal production?
3 what was the most common christian language unit of the u.s. president?
3 who stopped making daybook entries about may 31, 1669 because he thought he was going blind?
3 who said, "i think i'll go out and milk the deer"?
1 what enthusiastic preference buds first... snickers or three musketeers?
3 which writer writer described his brand with colorful broadway and subterranean characters?
3 Who made a boat out of gopher wood ?
1 what's the name of the canadian public tv child's show with the singing pineapple?
4 what is the longest abeyance bridge in the world?
5 what is the approximate system of weights of a teaspoon matter in a black hole?
5 how long before the moon turns around the earth?
3 What is the protagonist 's name in Dostoevski 's `` The Idiot '' ?
1 what semblance is the ash?
3 what new high school was built last class in philadelphia, pennsylvania?
0 What does the name Billie mean ?
3 who was the actress june havoc's legendary female sibling?
4 what e -mail savoir-faire does bill gross have?
0 How do cameras take pictures ?
0 What is measured in curies ?
3 who sang about desmond and molly jones?
1 what is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as involuntary movements, ticks, swearing and incoherent vocalizations, grunt, screams, etc.?
1 what circuit board game does a ````````wood dealer''play badly?
3 what famous male musician has the same name as the composer of opera hansel and gretel?
4 which center field of nevada was designated the largest small city in the world?
4 what are the names of the tourist attractions in reims?
4 what are the ten largest city in the united states?
5 what is the average act of hours of american workers?
0 what's the message with the hair dryer?
5 how many atmosphere does baskin &robbins offer?
3 Who discovered imaginary numbers ?
0 How do you make dumplings ?
0 how does an tablet work?
0 how do birds find their property back to the same place every year?
1 what aesop's fable has the moral ```race 'is not always for the quick. slow and quiet will you win?
0 What is the origin of blue for boys and pink for girls ?
4 what vent rains ash on sicily?
0 What do I need to learn to design web pages ?
1 what four elements are 90 percent of the human consistency?
5 how many metric capacity unit of water goes through niagra falls every second?
4 where's the gum division store?
4 what municipality is kentucky horse park near?
3 What was the name of the Titanic 's captain ?
0 how to make a computer bit?
3 what camera ship's company said ```if you don't have the time, do we have the camera?''
3 what sovereign was forced to agree to the magna carta?
5 how many pachyderm are left on earth?
3 what six -foot disposition lawyer kept her axe in salons?
3 who was the first horseman to ride two triple crown winners?
1 what developed a crack in 1835 when he suffered the end of u.s. attorney general john marshall?
1 what is the folklore about birdlife and shuttlecock in christmas trees?
1 what do i call the sons and daughters of my first cousin?
0 How can I get rich quick ?
5 What was the price of Varian Associates ' vacuum products division ?
3 what kind of creative genius said, "everything comes to the digit who sneaks around while he waits"?
1 what did johnny horton sing about the sea fear?
5 how much salt is in the ocean?
0 how does marl form and what material does it contain?
1 what's the best swallow to quench your thirst?
1 What drink is made up of rum , coconut milk and pineapple ?
5 How many innings are there in a regulation softball game ?
1 what's the name of a outdoor game course in myrtle beach?
3 What is her husband 's name ?
1 what is the most sold tv soundtrack of all meter?
5 How much money does the Sultan of Brunei have ?
1 what kind of mutant is chris jogis a top player of?
3 what initials of the fast food magnate decorated the left cloth covering of the san diego padres baseball uniforms in 1984?
0 how do you get a woman to have sex with you?
0 how do they find or choose perceiver to an execution?
5 when did hitler come to might in germany?
4 where have the japanese imperial violence surrendered to end world war ii?
0 What is the purpose of a car bra ?
3 which toy ship's company is the worldwide no.1 manufacturer of women's clothing?
3 who is the leading contestant of trans union company?
5 how many meters is the obstacle to a criminal's steep water jump?
3 which company was the original benefactor of tv's superman?
3 which bread institution has put cisco kid stickers at the end of their packages?
1 What is the fear of the computer called ?
1 what kind of fish is a artifact?
3 what lawyer called himself the law region of pecos?
1 what information was vhs's biggest competition?
4 which city in china has the largest amount of foreign financial companies?
3 who sings ben johnson's "drink to me with your eyes" musical composition?
1 what was the name of sergeant preston of the yukon's guide andiron?
1 what tv show shows larry, bud, melman and toast on a stick?
1 what is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as involuntary movements, tick, swearing and incoherent vocalizations, grunts, screams, etc.?
3 What is the most popular last name ?
3 who was the first elected mayor of washington d.c.?
5 Approximately how much does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ?
3 who were the only two bald u.s. presidents?
3 whose cupboard was empty?
5 how long before your body recovers rake after you have donated your rake?
0 why do we call someone "beloved"?
3 What bottled-up TV character was born in Baghdad ?
0 what is the point of the term "the brooklyn side" in bowling?
2 What does CPR stand for ?
4 what satellite has percival lovell discovered?
1 name the five words that use all the letters in the alphabet, except q, without periodic event.
5 how much money does every player get at the beginning of the activity in monopoly?
4 which bay parcel maryland's eastern and western shores?
3 What are names of two old men who appear in the serial tv Muppets Show ?
3 name a dog cartoon imaginary being except huckleberry hound to have a voice of daws butler.
3 Who was Darius ?
1 what credit rating card does a centurion have on his face?
5 when did man first land on the satellite?
4 What New England state covers 5.9 square miles ?
1 which chocolate bar, created by frank mars and his wife, is often referred to as the pod milky way?
1 what harmful material are in bugspray?
1 what kind of chemical do you get when you mix charcoal, sulfur and saltpeter?
0 Why was Curious George curious ?
1 What should the oven be set at for baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
4 name the state of giants twelve times the size of man in gulliver's travels.''
4 Where can I find book reviews of `` Turbulent Souls '' ?
5 when was the san francisco ardor?
5 When did Israel begin turning the Gaza Strip and Jericho over to the PLO ?
1 what's a fear of sludge?
5 what is the ratio of children of two to eleven work time of "the simpsons"?
1 what sign of the zodiac is the water carrier, the zodiac sign of the zodiac for?
3 What title did Suzette Charles assume for two months in 1984 ?
0 what is the bernoulli generalization?
4 which batch region of the world is the lhasa apso dog, which is housed in the world?
5 what are the highest odds of winning a roulette array?
0 why did several san diego schools remove apples from the students' bill?
1 what document is right of k on a typewriter keyboard?
1 what european race sees the winner of the batch stage with a shirt with big red points?
5 What amount of money did the Philippine ex-dictator Marcos steal from the treasury ?
1 what's a beer carnivore?
4 where can i find rider college?
3 which company logo is a "w" in a ellipse?
5 What is the current population for these countries : France , Spain , Italy , Greece , Austria , Germany , Switzerland , the Netherlands ?
0 what is the lineage of head lice?
1 are you referring to the message of chris van allsburg, where a boy tries to become a great sailor?
1 what program do i need to start a.tbk record?
3 what actor has a bugle call on his right wrist that scotland forever reads?
5 what century is the setting for tv's the adventures of robin hood?
1 what was the education arrangement in the 1960s?
1 which frederick forsyth novel reports about the overthrow of an african government by mercenary?
3 what photographic equipment company said ```if you don't have the time, do we have the photographic equipment?''
5 what time unit is august 13, 1971?
3 what kind of creative intellectual said, "everything comes to the one who sneaks around while he waits"?
0 how can i enforce new rules for a group of young group who have been allowed to do what they want?
1 what is the most widely spoken lyric in belgium?
1 what instrumentality is hammlen the first singing cowboy in?
4 what kind of people are the best tv audience?
0 what is rolled -down rock?
2 what does u s r mean?
3 Who starred in the movie The War of the Worlds ?
5 what year was the context for american graffiti?
3 Who was the first American citizen awarded the Albert Medal of the Society of Arts ?
5 how many home score has babe ruth hit in his life?
1 what kind of explosive do you get when you mix charcoal, sulfur and potassium nitrate?
5 how much cooler is the region of a cucumber than the air outside?
0 What is proposition 98 about ?
3 who played sally rogers on the dick van dyke entertainment?
3 What was the name given the 6 , 500 German airforce troops that used the Spanish Civil War as a training exercise ?
5 how many innings form an official baseball plot?
5 How many names are there for Eskimo people ?
3 who made the muppets?
1 what's a brew bear?
4 which state is the origin of the band the creeps?
3 What is Goldfinger 's first name ?
0 why are there twelve people on a jury in criminal matter?
3 what business are there in texas?
0 what is the explanation of a cascade?
3 Who is Desmond Tutu ?
1 what substance did the three little pigs use to build their houses?
5 When does the Bible say the seasons started ?
5 how many cherub are there on a trivial pursuit board?
0 how can i find someone's electronic equipment number if i only know their email address?
3 Who is the sexiest women in the world ?
3 who ran the first woody woodpecker cartoon?
1 what format was the main contest of vhs?
0 what causes a causal agent to have sweaty hands and feet all the time?
3 Who is Olive Oyl 's brother ?
1 what are the different type of pizza?
3 Who were the only two bald U.S. Presidents ?
3 who created harry lime?
1 What disease did August von Wassermann develop a specific test for in 196 ?
3 who's the man behind the pig who pulls the string section and speaks for miss piggy?
3 who has the airway with pearls like ``do you love me'? get naked, child! nope.
1 what's the name of a dice contestant?
5 when was the first solid window made?
4 which country has the most coastline?
4 what were the first three municipality to have a population of more than one million?
5 What was the date of CNN 's first broadcast ?
0 what is the amish belief?
1 what does an angry car owner call metallic element oxide?
3 which bloom county resident destroys a machine?
1 what are the different types of credit card?
5 in what class did the war of 1812 begin?
1 Name a Salt Lake City newspaper .
1 what's a camel external body part made of?
3 what famous coach said if you can't beat her in the bowling alley, you can't beat her on the ice?
0 How successful is arometherapy ?
3 who invented batteries?
3 what female offspring of henry viii. and anne boleyn became queen of england?
0 How can I search for a word within my own webpage ?
4 what is the oldest structure in the united states?
5 How many hummingbird eggs could fit in one ostrich egg ?
1 which record did aaron hate write?
5 How much Coca Cola is drunk in one day in the world ?
5 What was the 1940 annual salary for a boilermaker ?
5 how many leos were pope?
4 where are large teaching materials for parent and teachers?
0 how can i find a list of -, fax - and e -mail savoir-faire for the massachusetts personnel department?
0 what is the hiv infectious agent?
1 name four famous cartoon cat-o'-nine-tails.
3 who was the chief engineer of the starship enterprise?
3 who wrote the collector?
4 in what municipality was john f. kennedy elected president?
3 name the first private citizen to fly into distance.
5 How long was the TV mission of Star Trek 's Enterprise to be ?
5 In what year was the cannon invented ?
4 What country are you visiting if you land at President Duvalier Airport ?
4 What are the three most populated countries in the world ?
0 in the song "yankee doodle", why did yankee doodle put a animal material in his hat and call it macaroni?
5 how many group have died of tuberculosis?
0 Why is the mile 528 feet ?
5 what season starts with the give equinox?
5 what seven digits follow the territorial code in the number for remote message?
0 what's the quality between a bottle and a glass?
1 what are new calculator games for windows 95 or 98?
4 which u.s. administrative district has the second longest coast?
0 why don't we ask for the check, not the beak in a restaurant?
1 what cartoon was originally represented by the rustic class?
0 how does an particle drive work?
1 what are the first six word of dickens'a tale of two cities?
3 who gave abbie hoffman his first medicine of lsd?
3 who moderated the first kennedy nixon tv debate?
1 which magazine is "fine conversation for force"?
0 What 's the Olympic motto ?
0 Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor ?
1 Name a tiger that is extinct .
1 what category of soft drink would get me the biggest caffeine?
0 how can i find out how much income levy is paid on social security income in the 1998 income levy?
3 what green bay packer's trainer philosophed: "there's nothing that shoots fire like hate"?
3 who was gerald ford with the frailty president?
4 which section is north of costa rica?
4 where did the summer olympics take point in the 1936s?
5 in what time period was the first car manufactured?
0 why is the word "road" so long?
3 which company produces impulse intuition services?
4 where do you find the venus dipterous insect trap?
3 who wrote the book "huckleberry finn"?
1 what is the name of a communication spoken by the sioux?
3 what was eduard schevardnadze's problem in the soviet union?
1 which english son has the most letters?
0 how do you get a girl to have bodily process with you?
5 independent silver forge's account for what percentage of silver act?
3 what category of creative genius said, "everything comes to the one who sneaks around while he waits"?
4 what stream is windsor castle on?
1 what sung brought james taylor into the spotlight?
4 What city is Logan Airport in ?
1 what's a fear of charwoman?
4 which country has the highest ardor rate?
3 what are the name of lucy and linus from peanut's comic book?
3 who portrayed the faceless man in the film of the same language unit?
4 what is the best place to live in the world, taking into account the environmental condition, civilization?
1 what two statues did france give to other country?
1 What race is 1 , 137 miles long ?
1 what kind of mammal is a young mammal?
4 which country has the southernmost period in continental europe?
0 how do i neckwear a neckwear?
5 how many rows of whisker does a cat have?
5 How many zeros are there in a trillion ?
4 what are the benelux country?
1 What kind of poisoning is known as plumbism ?
3 What manufacturers are there in Texas ?
0 what is the definition of the term "instrument system"?
3 what are the characters' defamation in the scooby -doo cartoon?
1 what are the most common elements in sea binary compound?
1 what kind of blood sport are retrievers used for?
5 how many cheese are there in france?
1 what juvenile's story contains the line ````come, cinderella, and keep this spear of wool for me'''?
0 how can i find causal agent's phone number if i only know their email address?
1 what new activity are there for nintendo 64?
4 What country has been called The Queen of the Antilles ?
1 for which illness is sinemet used as a treatment?
3 who was the first governor of west virginia?
3 who makes the simpsons' voices?
3 which ship's company is the largest japanese shipbuilder?
1 What is the most heavily caffeinated soft drink ?
3 who was the actress june havoc's legendary sister?
1 what tv show did john sebastian sing the message for?
1 what is tom wolfe about the mercury astronaut?
5 Hitler came to power in Germany in what year ?
4 where's the official zero of the body of water level?
1 what are the hydra of new england?
0 How do you write MLA style bibliographies for an Internet source ?
1 what indoor mutant did phoenix inferno have for the phoenix pride in july 14, 1983, when the temperature hit 111 degree?
1 what is the name of a date containing succession numbers, such as 9 -8 -98?
4 what are the largest desert in the world?
4 what is the oldest website on the internet?
1 What does the method called `` cold fusion '' create ?
3 who wrote the record "the grinch who stole christmas"?
1 what is the best -selling computer hypothesis ever?
1 How do you say `` Grandma '' in Irish ?
5 what is the starting collection of a radiograph?
3 Who is the current UN Secretary General ?
0 What is the function of the appendix ?
3 what tv character said, "one of these life, alice, pow, right in the kisser"?
0 what is the point of beauty in the eye of the beholder?
3 who were the only two bald u.s. corporate executive?
0 what did the confederate constitution say about bondage?
1 which machine did blaise pascal invent in search of perpetual motion?
3 who was president cleveland's spouse?
1 what fruits does the fig food?
4 where can shares be traded on formation?
0 what was the war in the animation room?
1 for what product did louise fletcher win the best actress oscar?
3 Name a South African diamond producer ?
1 what will a child eat in the middle, and store the beverage on the outside for the last time?
3 What task does the Bouvier breed of dog perform ?
4 what is the highest mountain in the natural object?
5 When was the Triangle Shirtwaist fire ?
5 How many of every 10 members of the Rodeo Cowboys Association have never worked a ranch ?
5 what is the recommended physical property of a 15 -year -old male, the 5 -6?
4 what is the internet address of the list of email addresses of members of the house of representatives?
4 what famous landscape is a 15 -minute vessel ride through the venetian lagoon of venice?
0 how do i get a cct drawing?
3 which president went on the jogging trail to improve his sporting representation and, sports number 39, almost collapsed during the race?
5 what is the weight of a teaspoon matter in a black opening?
0 what's the motto for the country of maryland?
3 What actress 's autobiography is titled Shelley : Also Known as Shirley ?
1 what future film was presented to the american migrant in 1603 by the indigenous peoples?
0 how do you box a feline?
5 how many seat are there in vincent's van gogh's 188 work the artist's room in arles?
4 which tokyo street shines with famous department store and nightclubs?
4 which mountain stove extends from the gulf of st. lawrence to alabama?
5 how many members are in the california congressional deputation?
1 what is the best -selling u.s. magazine aimed at a black gathering?
1 aspartame is known by what other language unit?
3 what ship's company called one of their pens "the banana"?
1 What kind of wine is Spumante ?
4 What town was the setting for The Music Man ?
1 What is the mascot for Notre Dame University ?
1 in the miller lite tv ad, who's the creature?
1 what's the language unit of the second space shuttle?
1 name the operating system running on ibm compatible machine.
0 what is the deviation between a median and a median?
0 What are the `` Star Wars '' satellites ?
5 how many emperor were in the roman empire?
1 what is the medical term for rake cancer?
4 Where is Qatar ?
0 why is the nautical mile 528 foot?
5 how old is the average age of a team penis who worked on the manhattan project?
0 how do i start a web -based clientele?
1 what tv display displays larry, bud, melman and toast on a stick?
5 how many meters more than two is the average height of the chinese partition?
3 which asian drawing card was known as little brown saint?
1 stuart hammlen is considered the first singing ranch hand of what medium?
5 What percentage of American men are alcoholic ?
3 which japanese business is known for both its pianos and its motorcycles?
3 who accompanied space ghost on his deputation?
3 who's the superstar in the rental car?
1 what was the first diversion broadcast in the united states?
4 which eastern administrative district has grown the first commercial nuclear power plant in the united administrative districts?
3 who claims to be the most evolved man in the natural object?
3 who was the first world to return to space?
1 what is the word for a four -sided figure?
0 why did the egyptians shave their hair?
3 what was the language unit of the muppets creator?
4 what is the largest hiking web site?
3 Who was the first American world chess champion ?
0 why are there twelve people on a body in criminal matters?
3 which woman has carried most births, twins, digit etc.?
5 When is the Jimmy Buffett concert coming to the E center in Camden NJ ?
5 what is the chemical sensitivity of argon?
3 Who is buried in the great pyramid of Giza ?
5 how many three -letter permutations can you get from the four culture: c?
0 what's the message with yo -yos?
1 What 's the Southern dish made of pigs ' small intestines ?
0 How can I get someone 's email address ?
5 what date is boxing time unit?
3 who invented stupid kitt?
3 who invented the facsimile?
0 how do ouija theater stage work?
1 what is the name of the cartoons dialogue ellipse?
5 how many earthworms are on a single discipline?
3 who did doris day mean when she said, "i call him ernie because he's not a rock"?
5 how many flag are there in a rainbow?
1 what medium did the beatles put on the cover of time in 1967?
1 What is a fear of disease ?
0 what is the origin of the proverb ```a stitch in meter saves nine''?
0 what is the nature of snow and how is the arrangement of snow different from that of ice?
1 what is a emotion of night or darkness?
4 Where can I find a world atlas map online at no charge ?
0 What is the meaning of the name Kathryn ?
0 how is the easter sunday day set?
0 what do you say to a person who ignores you for other persons?
0 how did water system appear on earth?
1 How do you say 2 in Latin ?
5 what month is the third time period of the monterey jazz festival?
4 What is worth seeing in Reims ?
3 who owns the st. louis rams?
3 Who did Doris Day mean when she said : `` I call him Ernie because he 's certainly no Rock '' ?
3 which ivy league educational institution plays their home games at palmer stadium?
0 what is the meaning of the language unit kathryn?
1 what are the two biggest shuttlecock in the world?
3 who was the environmentalist who served as spokesperson for the post grape nuts?
3 who asked the musical question ```````````````have you ever been on the electric ladies' land?''
5 when was the first successful intuition transplant for a human?
0 what is the message of ``cpr''?
4 what was the first state that brought a second woman into space?
3 which u.s. president showed a preference for bee pollen meal?
0 why don't you have some kind of competition where you ask a question and United Nations agency finds the answers wins a prize?
3 Which oil company almost picked a word that meant `` stalled car '' in Japanese as its new international name ?
3 world health organization's the man behind the pig world health organization pulls the strings and speaks for miss piggy?
3 what doctor in a 1946 -book says there's such a thing as a bad son?
0 what is franz kafka trying to tell us with his short message "a country doctor"?
2 What does BMW stand for ?
0 what is the difference between body and graduate school?
5 in what class was the naacp established?
0 why does a woman have to be a virgin to be a religious?
3 which company manufactures video game hardware sells the ````````super instrumentality''?
5 how many quarters are equal to a british pound?
4 where did luther show his ninety five theses?
5 how many square meters is bill gates at residence?
0 What is June 's birthstone ?
0 what is foxglove?
5 what time period does captain video live in?
3 what famous comedian recently tried unsuccessfully to revive the shimmer?
1 what's the color relation of the eye called?
1 what's another language unit for short -sightedness?
0 why are peanut butter cookies covered in crystal?
3 what was the president meant for, but never placed in the empty burial chamber under the rotunda of the capital?
4 What country has the highest per capita consumption of cheese ?
1 what is the best -selling publication of all time?
3 who was the sovereign who was forced to agree to the magna carta?
4 what name of the landmass appears on the upper left corner of a budweiser label?
0 what is space game equipment played on?
3 The major league baseball team in Pittsburgh is called what ?
3 who was the author of the famous spiritual being tale ``snow white and seven dwarfs''?
4 what kind of people are the best tv viewing audience?
5 what is the average horizontal surface of a paleontologist?
5 what indebtedness did the qintex group leave behind?
3 which group played in the movie rock around the clock?
3 Who was the oldest U.S. president ?
0 What are the benefits of home school ?
4 what city boasts of the billingsgate pisces market?
0 Why is the grass green ?
5 how many time of life make a shine?
3 who is the director of intergovernmental affairs of the county of san diego?
4 which political unit did the allies infiltrate operation avalanche of world war ii?
0 what was the notorious show of the u -2 submarine of germany?
3 Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady : A Biography of Margaret Thatcher '' ?
5 how long does a slob's orgasm last?
0 How do you look up criminal records on the Internet ?
1 what are the seven wonders of the natural object?
4 what was the largest municipality in the world that declared martial law in 1989?
3 United Nations agency was the columbia pictures head United Nations agency forged the name of the actor cliff robertson on a $1.000 check?
5 in what time period did the united states adopt copyright?
5 how many endangered species are there in the natural object?
1 What racehorse won an Associated Press poll as the greatest horse of the 20th century ?
0 what is the difference between a poster and a written communication?
0 how do you write mla style bibliographies for an internet point?
1 what visual property poker chip is normally assigned to the lowest value?
3 what mysterious u.s. vice president was once accused of treachery and acquitted in a conspiracy to build his own independent empire in the west?
5 What year did Spielberg make `` Jaws '' ?
0 what is a phalanx?
4 which state has the largest sheep population?
0 how do you make dumpling?
0 what is false cognitive state?
3 which of the original seven mercury program astronauts did not fly on any of the mercury trajectory?
3 who was hitler with the propaganda minister?
0 what's the difference between erle stanley gardner's happening of the frightened typhoon?
1 what is a term for activity, appearance or expression that violates accepted standards of sexual morality?
3 what mark was his master's spokesperson?
5 how many more excavation are there in the falklands after the war?
5 How hot should the oven be when making Peachy Oat Muffins ?
1 what's the only gland in group who can regenerate themselves?
1 what connects white wine to the medical instrument in a medical instrument?
1 which whiskey is called "known" by the company?
1 what is a son whose letters can be rearranged to form another son?
3 who is the president of pergament?
0 What 's nature 's purpose for tornadoes ?
1 what is the most popular sports car semblance?
3 who among the following celebrities doesn't paint as a hobby?
1 what product on the market is good to hide facial scar?
1 what type of water pollution are there?
1 what is a word for behavior, appearance or expression that violates accepted standards of sexual morality?
1 what's the name of the canadian public tv juvenile's show with the singing pineapple?
5 how far can a human center see?
3 which british prime minister and which u s president were once seventh relative?
3 what do you call someone United Nations agency likes fire?
1 What meter did Shakespeare use in writing : `` To be , or not to be , that is the question.. . '' ?
1 which leg does a cat move with its left front leg when walking, its left grouper leg or its right grouper leg?
4 where can i find the condition of my tax return?
5 What year did Charles Dicken die ?
5 what is the exchange rate for australian medium of exchange for american medium of exchange?
0 how do websites like yahoo and excite make medium of exchange?
4 which building was built in 18.18 contains 327 -mile shelf?
0 How do you dunk ?
1 name the only trilogy of classical greek firearm received.
4 what european country boasts the city of furth, where the stream rednitz and pegnitz meet?
3 who is the diviner of the religion of islam?
4 which political unit in latin america is the largest?
5 how many tree are used in paper production in one year?
3 Who is the richest person in the world ?
3 what was the language unit of the 187th irish terror group in the pennsylvania mining industry?
5 how many questioning are there?
0 How does a chick breathe inside an egg ?
1 What explosive do you get by mixing charcoal , sulfur and saltpeter ?
5 what is the span dimension of a condor?
3 what did the american poet write:'good barrier make good neighbours''?
5 how many centimeter away are pins in the cone next to each other?
5 how many month does a normal human pregnancy take?
3 what can you tell me about the performer james cromwell?
0 what's the deviation between terry tuch and french terry?
0 What are amaretto biscuits ?
0 what causes a person to have sweaty hands and feet all the meter?
3 What is a person called that likes fire ?
0 What causes an earthquake ?
3 who recorded the 1957 collision on tammy?
1 What types of water pollution are there ?
3 which of the following celebrities started his entertainment -biz career as a discjockey?
5 what is the life couple of the average monkey?
4 In what country is Lund ?
1 which old kids''fare did tv guide author jeff greenfield call one of the most subversive tv show in american history''?
1 What do peacocks mate with ?
3 who was the first russian astronaut in space?
5 how many meters is the hindrance to a runner's steep water jump?
2 what does u s r mean?
3 what comedian has a legendary repute for stealing jokes?
3 what company claimed to be the largest toy store in the worldly concern?
4 where can i find a list of the "classic" publication that the fifth and sixth graders should read?
5 how many centimeters away are bowling pin in the cone next to each other?
4 What city in the U.S. experienced the most growth recently ?
5 What is the mean income of the top 10% , top 5% , and top 1% ?
1 what is scotch for people United Nations agency know the difference?
1 what hangs over your clapper from your palate?
0 what is the highest roman amount?
1 what is the longest son in english?
5 in what time period did degas create the bronze sculpture, ``````````fourth position front?''
4 which country has the highest fire pace?
1 what civil military action was waged between 1936 and 1939?
4 Where does the opera singer Ileana Cotrubas come from ?
0 how do i get access to a secret agent site?
3 who was the second causal agent to wear iron man's armor?
0 How did the war of 1812 affect Delaware ?
3 What is the name of the pop singer whose song became the theme song for a brand of catsup ?
4 Where are the apartments in Saint John , New Brunswick ?
3 which spokesman has watergate described as a third -rate felony attempt?
0 what is the deviation and advantages of choosing a super vhs vcr compared to a normal vhs model?
3 which world war ii leader declared ```````the shock was''''''''?
5 How many people lived in Nebraska in the mid 1900s ?
3 who holds the nfl criminal record for most touchdowns in one season?
4 in which stadium do the miami dolphins play their home game?
0 what did delilah do with samson's haircloth?
4 What city in Florida is Sea World in ?
0 Where did Indian Pudding come from ?
4 where are zebra most likely found?
1 what activity do steve mcqueen and edward g. robinson play in the cincinnati kid?
1 what's a fear of body covering?
4 which assets is the tallest?
3 What attorney-general ordered the closing of Alcatraz ?
1 what impenetrable system of french fortification was built along the german border before the second world war?
1 what product did robert conrad dare group to pat him on the back?
4 where can i find data about bob barr, a representative from georgia?
5 What year were the Olympic Games played in where Nadia Comaneci became popular ?
0 how can i stop background randomness in a stereo system?
0 why do people shake hands to show forgivingness?
3 what's the name of the actress who appeared in the product "silence of the lambs"?
0 how can i search my own website for a son?
4 where are the busiest ports in the natural object?
0 why is ice hockey so violent?
4 which u.s. state boasts stone mountain, the world's largest fundamental quantity of exposed granite?
0 What is the origin of the word nevermind ?
1 What is a fear of machinery ?
1 what's the name of the musical composition dracula plays on the organ?
3 who is peter weir?
3 who's mia farrow with her mother?
5 How hot should the oven be when baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
4 what city in georgia condemned scarlett o'hara as full of intrusive group?
0 What is deadrise , nautical , ?
4 which country is partially bounded by the indian ocean and coral and tasman seas?
0 Why do we ask for the `` check '' and not the bill at a restaurant ?
3 what was the name of the 6.500 german gas force that used the spanish civil war as a training exercise?
0 How is energy created ?
1 which car was driven in the ninety version of smokey and the bandit?
3 what was humphrey bogart's name with the cabaret in casablanca?
0 what's the last channel of dick's "a christmas carol"?
0 how do cameras take representation?
1 from what hymn did john steinbeck receive his title the grapes of wrath?
3 what is the function of the bouvier canine breed?
4 which state is known for persian rugs?
3 do you call the company that used the line ```even your best ally will not say ``in his ad'?
1 what's the procedure for drilling a hole in the skull to reach a higher cognitive state?
0 what do the amount one, two and four on dr pepper bottles mean?
4 where can i find a ask an expert computer?
5 On average , how long time does it take to type a screenplay ?
5 What was the Great Britain population from 1699-172 ?
3 what card institution sells christmas jewelry?
3 which ship's company produces impulse heart services?
1 What is a fear of motion ?
5 how long were tyrannosaurus rex 'dentition?
1 what's a fear of machine?
5 how many gathering chest cards are there in monopoly?
1 what product doubles your pleasure, doubles your playfulness?
5 what will the california state of matter tax be in the 21st year?
5 How tall is the Matterhorn ?
4 are you referring to a country developing a magnetic railroad track system?
0 how can i call a friend in another country if i don't know the phone amount?
4 what crack rains ash on sicily?
0 what is eagle's syndrome styloid procedure?
3 What store does Martha Stewart advertise for ?
5 how many of the nation's children between the property of two and eleven "the simpsons"?
1 what would you add to the mix to make bone Asian country?
3 What radio station did Paul Harvey work for ?
0 what is the difference between microprocessor and microcontrollers?
3 name the different super teams the angel was relation of.
5 what is the average life anticipation of a man in ireland in 1996?
5 How many logarithmic scales are there on a slide rule ?
5 How old is Benny Carter ?
3 who is the president of ghana?
1 what's a cook doing with eggs?
1 which morris west novel deals with the russian bishop world health organization becomes pope?
5 how much cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the gas outside?
5 what is the recommended system of weights of a 15 -year -old male, the 5 -6?
0 what is the story of hot wheels motor vehicle and how are they produced?
1 which spices do the chef pay the most for?
1 Name a Sioux language .
0 what are motor vehicle?
3 which director portrayed the commander of the pow camp in 1953rd stalag 17?
0 how do i get entree to a spy site?
4 what is the internet address of the database of email addresses of members of the house of representatives?
3 who plays infielder for charlie brown's baseball team?
0 What is the definition of spamming ?
3 What President hit the jogging paths to enhance his athletic image and , sporting No. 39 , almost collapsed during the road race ?
3 what institution has built more than 2.5 billion small green houses since the 1935's?
1 what was the name of the 1899 policy imposed on china whereby all political unit had equal trade rights?
0 what is the fourth property?
4 what are the ten safest american municipality for pedestrians?
1 what brings gamete to the pelvic region?
4 which asian state has a bill for cows?
0 what was the finding in the 1925 trial against john t. scopes?
1 which golf instrumentality was patented by george grant in december 12
1 What predators exist on Antarctica ?
0 how can a foreigner obtain a us social security paper?
4 What is the largest and most expensive freeway construction project in the U.S. right now ?
0 Define Spumante .
0 why is it addictive to cough syrup not to drive while you're on this medicine?
1 what common plant has a button, cap, ammunition, gills and ring?
1 what medical science is often used to treat aids patients?
1 What 's the name of the Tokyo Stock Exchange ?
3 what was the role of the medieval club?
0 why is the linear unit 528 foot?
3 who was the only president to meet two uncoordinated conditions?
1 what category of crystals exist?
1 What did brontosauruses eat ?
1 what do people start with animal disease?
0 what is a bone kernel transplant for?
5 how many people was randy craft convicted of homicide?
3 who is desmond tutu?
5 how many multitude in the us say that their main source of information is the newspaper?
5 what are bottle caps with corporate executive' pictures inside?
1 what 12 -hour cold music does the formula ```` 6, 6, 12''use in their advertisements?
1 what's a fear of tree?
3 who shared a new york city apartment with roger maris when he reached the 61st home plate runs?
4 where does a football musician have to stand to handle the ball?
0 what is the difference between a fruit and a produce?
5 how far do you have to run when you hit a residence run?
4 which country have the largest forces in the world?
3 who plays the bull in the movie kindergarten bull?
4 What Russian city used to be called St. Petersburg and Petrograd ?
1 what was the sequel to the moon's balloon?
0 What are Bellworts ?
3 who shared a new york city apartment with roger maris when he reached the 61st home runs?
3 Who was the famous door-to-door brush salesman ?
4 which state in latin america is the largest?
1 what product starts with an assassin falling out of the seattle space needle?
3 who invented the void cleaner?
1 name the only trilogy of classical greek part received.
5 how big is missouri's people?
3 who won the first world series?
4 which administrative district in the united administrative districts covers the largest area?
1 what relation of the raccoon is sometimes known as a cat-o'-nine-tails bear?
0 what is the origin of the peace signal?
4 what is the farthest celestial body from the sun?
3 what former female offspring of the president wrote a book called murder in the white house?
1 what was the language unit of the movie with sharon stone and arnold schwarzenegger?
4 which u.s. state lived under six emblem?
3 what the french designer said: "the jean is the destructor! it's a authoritarian! it destroys creativity. jeans must be stopped!'' nope.
5 When was the internal combustion engine developed ?
5 when was the last case mount st. helen had a significant outbreak?
1 What do penguins eat ?
0 What is the origin of the typing practice sentence `` Now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their country '' ?
0 What is the biblical meaning of ` stones ' ?
0 what is nitrox dive?
4 what's the name of the highest natural elevation in the world?
1 in what religion was isis the deity of nature?
1 what tv show shows the adventures of a pair named jonathan and jennifer?
5 When was the first Barbie produced ?
4 which country contains the northernmost period of africa?
3 who was the first president to appoint a woman to head a furniture?
3 who makes the "cross your intuition" bra?
3 name the various costumed causal agent of dr. henry pym.
4 what australian city became the residence of america's cup?
1 what's a fear of smells, consistency?
4 name an art audience in new york.
1 which piece of jewelry is depicted in the lavishness tax room of monopoly?
4 what are the benelux political unit?
1 What is a golf ball made of ?
3 which arrangement does the security council belong to?
1 what's the name of the canadian public tv children's entertainment with the singing pineapple?
1 what meat added sweet potato and peas to the first tv dinner?
3 rotary machine cars were manufactured by what company?
4 what asian country was once enthusiastic about the diversion of cricket fighting?
4 what is the largest land in the mediterranean?
1 what j.r.r. tolkien record shows bilbo baggins as the central character?
1 Which type of soda has the greatest amount of caffeine ?
4 what is the country of lineage for the name thomas?
4 what e -mail savoir-faire does mark mcgwire have?
1 what were hairy banknotes in the fur commerce?
0 What is Compaq 's mission statement ?
1 what is the fastest commercial cable car you can buy in the usa?
1 what is the material composition of a barbie?
5 how many four star generals wer e there and United Nations agency are they?
0 What is a heuristic ?
5 what is the average day when most shopping walk start putting up christmas decorations?
0 how to make a bibliography with an unknown communicator?
3 who is the prophet of the religion of islam?
1 what kind of meat is fray bento's word for?
5 how many kinds of rotter are there?
5 how many nothing are there in a billion?
3 which diamond manufacturer controls about 80% of the world's diamond?
1 What did the Yalta Conference lead to ?
4 which area produces the least acidic chocolate?
3 who made the first surfboard?
4 Where can I find a review of Nightmare on Elm Street in a film journal ?
1 which stephen king novel is in a pet site?
0 What are liver enzymes ?
1 name four comics about fender.
1 in which film or in which film did jude law appear?
1 what were hairy banknotes in the fur trade wind?
3 which of the following tv news was a rhodes intellectual?
1 what product is based on everybody comes to rick's?
1 which cartridge holder paid $5,000 for an eight -millimeter film by john f. kennedy's murder?
3 who's the only articulator in silent movie?
3 what's the best internet mercantile establishment you can go to?
0 what does assets market mean?
3 Who played Al Jolson in the Jolson Story ?
5 How long does it take to travel from Tokyo to Niigata ?
0 what is the lineage of the proverb ```a stitch in time saves nine''?
3 what is the name of the brilliant british economist behind his activity?
3 who founded the association church?
0 What is mandibulofacial dysostosis ?
1 what's the word in stage dancing?
3 which spy writer served as moscow communicator for reuter and the times of london?
4 What does the River Seine empty into ?
0 what is the order of the arrow in scouts?
2 what is dsl?
3 what piano ship's company claims that its product is the instrument of the immortals?
0 what is the origin of the term ``buffalo wing'', which is used as a menu item in bars throughout the nation for chicken in a spicy sauce?
1 What movie told of Anna Anderson 's claim to be a Russian czar 's daughter ?
3 which national league baseball unit has established 72 third base in its first two seasons?
5 How many visitors go to the Vatican each year ?
3 what russian master spy lived in the united states under the language unit emil goldfus?
5 what percentage of silver output is carried out by independent silver smelters?
3 who was the first x -man to die in battle?
4 in which country did the mau mau rebellion take place?
4 which city is the turn point for climbing mount everest?
1 What is the rarest coin ?
3 what is a social group governed by the elderly?
0 what is the origin of the language unit trigonometry?
1 what solid soft drink mix went into space?
0 what qualifications are there for people who donate rake?
0 why do press cookers save time in the kitchen?
0 how can i trace my unit roots?
5 what does an average day care worker regular payment in new england?
3 which u.s. university has the largest room?
4 what is the web site of the international court of justice?
5 what time of class are the most frequent flights?
5 what does each of the service cost in monopoly?
1 what is the recipe for calculating pi?
4 What country owns Corsica ?
1 which peg does a cat move with its left front peg when walking, its left hind peg or its right hind peg?
3 what's the name of the american swimmer who won seven gold award in the 1972 -year olympics?
1 What did Walter Huston remove to perform in the movie The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ?
0 what is the explanation of the term "weapons system"?
5 what is the capricorn population of the world?
3 who's behind the name of harvey wallbanger's drink?
0 why does sound travel faster through binary compound than air?
3 who's behind the language unit of harvey wallbanger's drink?
0 how does the rate at which the magnet spins in a generator affect the power of the generator?
0 What do the number 1 , 2 , and 4 mean on Dr. Pepper bottles ?
3 which new york yankee was known as the iron horse?
3 who is the greek god of the sea?
3 Who made the deodorant that claimed that it `` actually builds up resistance to odor '' ?
0 what is a bone connective tissue transplant?
4 What California bridge was Don Brown the first to cross , on May 27 , 1937 ?
1 what is the only primate that has no pigment in its area?
0 what was the first funk'n lata, brazilian group, achiever?
1 what's the language unit of a male witch?
3 name 11 famous martyr.
5 How many spaces follow a period at the end of a sentence ?
1 what kind of mutant is often associated with hooligans?
3 which world war ii drawing card declared ```````the blow was''''''''?
4 what is stefan edberg's fatherland?
5 What is the time it takes a typist to type a screenplay that is 100 pages long ?
1 what film contained a pathetic imaginary being named kid shelleen?
4 What body of water does the Danube River flow into ?
3 which companies or agency would carry out an employment audit?
1 What does Salk vaccine prevent ?
1 which organism received royal approval as an emblem of canada in march 24, 1975?
3 who sued dannon yougurt for using a character named ron raider for promotion?
5 what is the weight of the gas?
1 what melts in your sass, not in your hands.
1 What astronomical phenomenon takes place in Jan. 1999 ?
4 where can i find data about alexander mackenzie?
3 who said he killed 4,280 buffalo as food for the crew t headdress built the kansas pacific railway?
1 what category of colt is it?
4 which das kapital is lagos?
5 What is Judy Garland 's date of birth ?
1 What are Halloween 's colors ?
4 What were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ?
4 what distribution channel does the thatcher ferry bridge have?
1 What are close encounters of the first and second kind ?
3 which institution has the internet browser mosaic?
1 what is "the great american unit cornflakes"?
1 What car was driven in the 199 release of `` Smokey and the Bandit '' ?
5 what is the life span of the average primate?
3 who was the first woman to walk the mile in less than 4 36893 minutes?
4 which scandinavian state includes 173, 732 square miles?
1 What did the pyramid-builders of Egypt mainly eat ?
5 how many meters is the obstacle to a runner's steep water system jump?
3 what famous tv talk entertainment host was a lay predator when he was seventeen?
5 how many movies are made by the big studio in a year?
3 What schools in the Washington , DC NN NN VBP NN NN NN NN .
3 Who created `` The Muppets '' ?
0 how to make a computer fragment?
5 how much strategic arms limitation talks is in the oceans?
0 What is a dangling participle ?
5 how much did mercury spend on promotion in the 1990s?
3 Who directed The Wild Bunch ?
4 what new england administrative district covers 5.9 square kilometers?
0 why do you call a cut of porkburger a cut of porkburger when there's no cut of pork?
5 how many trees are used in paper production in one time period?
3 who hired jackie kennedy to write the change of a president?
3 what mysterious writer wrote ``the honor that was greece and the honor that was rome'?
0 what exactly makes rest for you?
0 How can SQL queries be improved ?
3 who was the first man to return to space?
5 what is the goat people of the world?
3 who told peter rose not to bet on game?
4 what city boasts penn's landing on the banks of delaware?
3 Who made the first airplane ?
5 how many innings are there in a regulated ball game?
3 Who wrote The Godfather ?
0 what is the lineage of the word ``news'?
0 Why is poop sometimes different colors ?
4 Where can I find information on the Narragansett Indians and other tribes in Rhode Island ?
1 what's the round part on the top of a folder called?
1 what substance do planes use?
5 how many period is a disc in the middle hole worth in crokinole?
4 which countries have the highest proportion of university enrollee?
1 for what movie did louise fletcher win the best actress oscar?
1 are you referring to a technique widely used to detect parturition defects?
0 What is object-oriented design ?
5 independent silver forge's account for what share of silver production?
0 what was the filling of the first golf testis?
0 what do a diamond and a ball of money have in common?
1 which region of the face do most artists prefer to show in self -portraits?
4 which country was called green mountain country?
5 How much did Mercury spend on advertising in 1993 ?
0 what is the main function of sodium hydrosulphite?
0 what causes a person to have sweaty hands and infantry all the time?
4 Where can I buy movies on videotape online ?
1 what is the singularity of the die?
0 What is deconstructionism ?
0 why is space improvement so important?
1 what is the most popular sports motor vehicle color?
3 what honeymooners actress called television magazine the 1953's most promising star?
3 who was the prophet of the jewish people?
3 who is the queen mother?
1 What are the signs of a country going into a recession ?
1 In what religion was Isis the nature goddess ?
4 which four u.s. country have active volcanoes?
5 how many calories are there in bean sauce?
4 Where is Melbourne ?
5 on what day did rosa parks become a symbol of the civil rights movement for refusing to give up her seat on the bus?
3 who is the prophet most connected to the dead sea?
1 what were the five opening word about ben casey?
4 What city is the Kentucky Horse Park near ?
3 what is the largest distillation company in the worldly concern?
3 which performer learned to play saxophone and speak russian for a role in a movie?
1 what is the most commonly used machine program?
1 name one of the seven astonishment of antiquity.
1 what is the hardest substance in the human natural object?
3 who taught matt murdock to use his extraordinary ability in marvel comics?
1 Which gender has bigger thighs ?
4 which biome has the highest sand dunes?
1 what is the language unit for broken glass or sharp stones embedded in cement on a wall?
3 which hungarian cardinal was first a unfortunate of state and then a refugee in the u.s. embassy 1956 to 1971?
4 What U.S. state includes the San Juan Islands ?
3 what video game hero do some of his device call chomper?
3 who was the founding associate of the pink floyd band?
4 What is the website for the USA journal ?
5 How many members are in the California congressional delegation ?
5 how long do you have to repay indebtedness after claiming chapter 11 bankruptcy?
1 what is the best -selling book of all meter?
0 what's the quality between a bachelor and a one -bedroom apartment?
1 what kind of cooking oil has "corn good"?
3 what category of pulitzer prize winner for the mayor of new york city?
5 how many dogs pull a sled in an simpleton's den?
0 What does gringo mean ?
1 what four -legged creature has a cornell university study said that it would make humans the best companion in distance?
4 What country is bounded in part by the Indian Ocean and Coral and Tasman seas ?
1 are you referring to the story of chris van allsburg, where a boy tries to become a great skilled worker?
5 what part of a beaver's being is spent swimming?
4 where can i find a database of all companies in america that offer a direct stock purchase plan?
0 what's megan's jurisprudence?
3 Who created the Fantastic Four , Hulk , and Thor ?
5 What will the increase be in the California gas tax by 2000 ?
3 who holds the career evidence for most major league home runs?
0 What are the Valdez Principles ?
3 Who followed up his first two underwater thrillers with The Girl of the Sea of Cortez ?
4 where do i get piano music for the jamiroquai sung every day for the midi?
3 Who made the largest cocaine seizure in Ventura County history ?
5 how many shots can an m16 grasping?
4 where can i find information about wetting agent on the internet?
1 what does an angry car owner call iron compound?
4 Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?
0 what is the cultural point of the potlatch ceremony?
3 who is the only independent congressman?
1 What is a fear of points ?
3 which company started making cakes and ended up throwing solid toys?
0 What is the origin of the word ` posh ' ?
3 name the bounty orion with the scar face of the old west.
5 what are force on a 455 -yard golf course?
5 How much iron is in your body ?
1 are you referring to a proficiency widely used to detect birth defects?
5 how many people in the us say that their main source of information is the press?
4 what is the name of the political unit that ruled hitler?
4 Where did Gulliver find a race of tiny people ?
3 who portrayed etta place, the companion of butch cassidey and the sundance kid?
5 What is the recomended age to switch a child from a crib to a bed ?
5 in what century did the romance of artwork begin?
3 who was santos dumont?
1 what was the first english part written exclusively for children?
5 what's the world criminal record for the longest hair?
5 what are men on a 455 -yard golf education?
3 what tv fictional character said, "one of these days, alice, pow, right in the kisser"?
1 in what product did madilyn kahn play with gene wilder?
1 what did jack trade with the bungler for a handful of beans?
4 which metropolis position was first presented in the 1940s superman cartoons?
1 What is a fear of failure ?
3 who won the nobel peace prize in 1991?
4 which political unit is proud to claim the volcano national park?
1 what is the hardest substance in the human consistency?
3 what's popeye's adopted male offspring's name?
1 in what war was the first bomber used?
4 what ocean surrounds the cayman islands?
0 what category of ankle sprain would you do?
0 how can i find my satellite sign?
0 What are those little blue reflectors in the middle of the road for ?
0 what is an example of a specific lawsuit of using the fourteenth amendment?
3 which sovereign signed the magna carta?
1 what is the word for emotion of pain or abuse?
4 Where can I find info on Alexander Mackenzie ?
3 What U.S. vice-president said : `` Some newspapers dispose of their garbage by printing it '' ?
3 who was garrett morgan married to?
3 Who starred with Charlie Chaplin in Modern Times and The Great Dictator ?
3 name the food institution that has traveled to soviet georgia to film a series of ads.
3 what was the background singing abstraction for roy rogers?
3 what tv family sometimes buys eclairs from nelson's shop?
3 who sang the song "hooked on a feeling" in the dancing child episode of ally mcbeal?
1 what is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease that attacks the protein shell that surrounds nerve cells and causes a gradual personnel casualty of movement in the body?
3 which asian spiritual and political leader was at the property of 13.
3 which superstar of the national basketball association told his message in giant steps?
1 what is the highest hand in straight fire iron?
4 which rocky mountain ridge separates the north american rivers cardinal compass point and west?
4 what is the best place to live in the world, taking into account the climate, refinement?
4 What nationality is Gorbachev ?
1 what kind of substance is called plumbism?
1 what kind of alcohol is spumante?
5 when was the struggle of hastings?
1 what soft swallow not only has its own video game, but has also been introduced in its own marvel comic?
5 how many double -word distance are there on a scrabble crossword game board?
3 who wrote the red badge of courage?
5 how many liters of water system goes through niagra falls every second?
1 name the soft drink that is "number one in the star."
5 how many letters appear with the act from 2 to 9 on a phone?
4 What two countries ' coastlines border the Bay of Biscay ?
0 What makes popcorn pop ?
5 Dialing , 900 , 740-TREE to have a tree planted will cost how much ?
0 why is it called cut of porkburger when there's no cut of pork in it?
1 what did woody allen call the japanese gangster movie, which he synchronized as a drama in english?
5 how much stronger is the new glass -shaped chemical element material invented by the tokyo institute of technology compared to the cellulose material?
1 What was the first TV set to include a remote control ?
5 how many group were killed in wars, armed conflicts?
3 Who was Damocles ?
1 Which drug is commonly used to treat AIDS ?
1 what food added sweet potatoes and peas to the first tv dinner?
1 what do you call a abstraction of geese?
4 where do i get message about the original 13.us colonies?
3 which spy communicator served as moscow correspondent for reuter and the times of london?
1 what colour is the closest to the staff flying the pin of belgium?
0 What is a caul ?
1 what future film was presented to the american settler in 1603 by the indigenous peoples?
3 who followed nikita khrushchev as the first repository of the communist party?
3 what was nipsy russell's name at beginning?
5 what year was the setting for american decoration?
3 Name of heroine in `` Scruples '' ?
1 what rabbit has his name because his ears resembled those of a emblem?
1 what kind of canine breed was the "little rascals" canine?
1 What incident of 1933 did the German Nazis use to justify emergency decrees , imprisoning opponents and vesting more power in themselves ?
1 what substance did joseph priestley name for his ability to erase pencil businessman?
5 how many questioning do you have in your database?
0 What is prepared mustard ?
3 what tv family sometimes buys eclairs from nelson's bakery?
1 what is the complete classification of a female insect?
1 What letter is to the right of K on a typewriter keyboard ?
5 how long before the typical hen lays 19 -dozen foodstuff?
1 the novel by robert louis stevenson was inspired by deacon william brodie, a furniture builder by time unit and burglar by night?
0 how do chicken get chicken?
3 what is the most common name in child's rhymes?
4 which body of water lane connects the mediterranean with the atlantic?
5 how many people die of snake bite poisoning in the united states a class?
5 how many species of white elasmobranch are there?
1 what kind of training do i need to be a flight accompaniment?
3 What mystery writer penned `` ...the glory that was Greece , and the grandeur that was Rome '' ?
3 what boxer's biography story is raging bull?
1 what has san francisco's milt harper grown that measures 24 -inch custom from the top to the top in 1974?
1 What is widely used to detect prenatal birth defects ?
4 what are the top five tallest construction in the world?
3 what former daughter of the president wrote a book called murder in the white house?
1 what relation of the fur is sometimes known as a cat bear?
1 What African animals are known as The Big Five ?
3 who played humpty dumpty in the 1933 product alice in wonderland?
1 which newspaper serves salt lake city?
3 what celebrity couple, during a divorce, split their toilet paper into two equal batch?
4 where can i get a mental picture of professor randolph quirk?
3 who is the director and editor of the product big with tom hanks?
1 What historical event happened in Dogtown in 1899 ?
4 which u.s. country has sagebrush as its country flower?
1 what is the signal for the zodiac gemini?
1 what other language unit was little rascals known as?
0 how would i find the gift for various organs donated?
0 where did the pumpkin salad get their name?
3 what former daughter of the president wrote a publication called murder in the white house?
0 why can't women in the navy serve on bomber?
1 what kind of soft helping held a national taste coil in 1967?
4 What state is the Filenes store located in ?
3 who is the director of the international group called the human genome organization (hugo), which wants to coordinate gene mapping research worldwide?
0 how does ultraviolet light damage the dna of skin cell?
5 how deep is a cord?
3 Which of these are authors ?
5 What is the population of Japan ?
4 what is the best place to live in the natural object, taking into account the climate, civilization?
5 when did the average teenager first have sexual intercourse?
1 what is the most sold tv soundtrack of all time?
1 what product's ads claim that it ``eliminates odors, kills inspiration, mold', and flour?
0 how did the hohenzollern build their quality around 17?
1 what visual property is chablis?
3 what is the full name of the man who invented the colourful dice that has 42.3 quintillion potential combination?
4 what is the address of the head office of the polity in rome, italy?
0 how do i get a complete database of all the people living under the last name kilvington?
5 how old is the sunday?
0 Where does the expression `` cloud nine '' come from ?
1 which level of the atmosphere contains the largest part of the ozone level?
5 how many u.s. corporate executive were assassinated during the reign of queen victoria?
3 which tv comedies are former movie star nora desmond, secretary of mrs. wiggins and a housewife named eunice?
0 why do we have to go to educational institution?
0 how does the chain of command work in an apache heavier-than-air craft of the us army?
0 what didn't you let a tennis game equipment do when you played volleygame equipment?
3 who was the democratic campaigner in the american presidential elections?
5 how much did the first barbie plaything sell in 1959?
3 who founded the people's temple commune?
3 which lawyer has won the biggest divorce body in the history of sheika dena al -farri?
1 what material of dry wine should be served with veal roasts and chopsticks?
1 what instrument did the crucified slits harbor in english castles?
1 what war saw a ocean battle between cap trafalgar and carmania?
1 which card game has change called canfield, klondike and spider?
5 How many electoral votes does it take to win presidency ?
3 who was the original humpty dumpty?
1 What did Warlock wear on his forehead in Marvel comics ?
3 Who is stationed at Camp Swampy in the comic strips ?
4 Where is Amsterdam ?
3 Who is the Prophet of Medina ?
3 who wrote the publication "the grinch who stole christmas"?
2 what is the form for general motors?
0 what is the biblical meaning of ``stone'?
4 what are some good medical leaf for information?
1 what was the name of the popular sung the creeps sang?
1 what was that monster in spielberg's product "jaws"?
5 what time of time period are the most frequent flights?
5 what is the american dollar equivalent for eight british pound in the uk?
0 What is nuclear proliferation ?
3 what former african drawing card held the title of his country for nine years?
4 which skyline in the u.s. municipality is the gateway arch famous for?
0 how does belle describe her biography in beauty and the beast?
2 what does nn o mean when used as a prefix in irish name?
1 What film featured a snarly character named Kid Shelleen ?
1 name a sioux lyric.
3 who was the smell lady charlie?
3 What Russian master spy lived in the U.S. under the name Emil Goldfus ?
5 how many juvenile under 18.m. are victims of physical abuse every year?
1 what is widely used to detect prenatal parturition defects?
0 What motto ended Merrie Melodies cartoons ?
1 what medium of exchange was used here?
1 what is the best -selling u.s. press aimed at a black audience?
4 where does the sung everything goes take place?
1 what are the different approaches of system investigation?
1 what category of mayonnaise is "real" mayonnaise?
4 Where can I find a lesson plan for teaching the metric system conversion to American standard ?
0 Why do they call it a `` funny bone '' ?
3 who holds the career criminal record for most major league home runs?
1 what was john f. kennedy's 1960s race song?
4 what's the mississippi country nickname?
5 what is the number of american enlisted person not yet known from the vietnam war?
0 how do you tell your parents you're dating an older adult?
1 what is the prevailing visual property of the tab label?
4 where do i get mail lists?
3 who said everything in ball four?
1 in the novel by jules verne, person are held in the submarine nautilus?
4 Where is Glasgow ?
1 what's the name of the michelangelo painting that shows two guardianship touching?
0 what is the song "stairway to heaven" by led zeppelin?
1 what sporting consequence is meyer wolfsheim to have in the great gatsby?
4 which country is the largest diamond maker?
1 what is the name of the rare neurological disease with evidence such as involuntary movements, ticks, swearing and incoherent vocalizations, grunts, screams, etc.?
4 which u.s. state registers the smallest rain?
5 what are the chances of physical condition if the penis does not enter the vagina?
1 What does a farrier put shoes on ?
0 What function does homeostasis have on the existence of an organism ?
5 in what time period was janet jackson's first album released?
3 What English playwright penned : `` Where the bee sucks , so shall I '' ?
3 who was the author of the novel "far from the madding crowd"?
4 what city boasts of the billingsgate fish marketplace?
4 where is the valley of king?
3 what former african leader held the title of his political unit for nine years?
3 what was mao's middle language unit?
3 what company claimed to be the largest miniature store in the world?
5 how often in his 16 -year -old national basketball associate career was john havlicek a member of the all -star unit?
1 what cock do you use to create?
0 what do you say to a ally who ignores you for other allys?
3 which two commanders executed the force in the battle of el alameina?
1 what was tom wolfe's favorite mutant of the pump house gang?
5 what was the first minimum regular payment?
5 how many real fruit juices are there in a container of hawaiian punch?
5 how many colony were involved in the american revolution?
5 how many important nazi drawing card were tried after the war in nuremberg?
3 who became the first honorary citizen of the united states?
3 what was michelangelo's last language unit?
4 the orange bowl is in what municipality?
3 What is the name of the American swimmer who won seven gold medals in the 1972 Olympics ?
1 in the miller lite tv commercial, who's the organism?
0 what is the definition of the scrabble son "syzygy"?
3 Name the university of which Woodrow Wilson was president .
5 How many types of cheese are there in France ?
0 Why do girls have to wear training bras ?
0 What is splatterpunk ?
4 Where does Ray Bradbury 's Chronicles take place ?
3 which famous new york city mayor wrote the hit sung, ````will you love me in december as you do in may?''
0 what is the lineage of the word "magic"?
5 what's the maximum dimension, in customs, of a first baseman's glove?
1 what is the electronic device used to create visual displays that match the electrical communication?
1 what product did robert conrad dare multitude to pat him on the back?
0 what do players try to do when the music stops in a game of musical president?
1 what did jack trade with the butcher for a handful of legume?
3 who were yankee's frequent enemies?
0 What excuse did the NATO people give for hitting the Chinese embassy ?
2 what is the abbreviated word for the national bureau of investigation?
5 how long does a dog rest?
0 how does the chain of command employment in an apache helicopter of the us army?
1 what molecules are fluorine, metallic element and magnesium?
0 how has the great depression affected japan's past?
1 which peg does a cat move with its left front peg when walking, its left hind peg or its right hind peg?
5 How many megawatts will the power project in Indonesia , built by a consortium headed by Mission Energy of US , produce ?
1 what movie did steven spielberg direct in 1975?
0 What is the Kashmir issue ?
0 Why does it say on children 's cough syrup not to drive while using this medication ?
3 who killed gandhi?
4 where can i find record reviews of ```turbulent souls''?
0 how do you find the area of a ellipse?
1 what's the highest part on a chessboard?
4 what new york city landmark has 168 gradation to its crown?
1 What spice do chefs pay the most for ?
3 Who said : `` Soldiers win the battles and generals get the credit '' ?
5 What are the odds of giving birth to twins ?
0 What causes tuberculosis ?
0 Why do pharmacists work on raised floors ?
1 What is a fear of home surroundings ?
0 what do insects do through their curve?
1 what's a concern of food?
3 what polish has potlatch developed?
3 who made the musical argument "true to your school"?
5 How long does a pig 's orgasm last ?
5 What is the estimated total U.S. whitetail deer population ?
1 what can i use to remove the stubborn rubber labels from some disk?
1 what is the brand name of a chemical used to control organic process?
0 what is the definition of'random'real estate record'?
5 how many artifact are there in a bottle of yoo -hoo?
1 What did Aaron Hass write ?
5 on what date did rosa parks become a symbol of the civil rights movement for refusing to give up her buttocks on the bus?
1 for what movie did lee marvin win the 1965 -best actor oscar?
0 what is the difference between negligence and negligence?
3 What apostle is Taylor Caldwell 's Great Lion of God ?
0 what is prepared crucifer?
3 which are the generator?
3 who is the only u.s. president to win a pulitzer prize?
5 How many people visit the Pope each month ?
3 What party was Winston Churchill a member of ?
3 what was the commissioned military officer's name?
1 what's a jude law product?
1 what powder soft drink mix went into distance?
0 what is the milky way?
4 where did sergeant steel get his metallic element hand?
5 How many colors are there in a rainbow ?
1 What did the Congress of Vienna establish ?
3 what precinct made the biggest cocaine failure in ventura county?
1 what material are used for the lethal injection?
5 how many hired hand does bjorn borg use when he hits his subspecies?
3 What is the name of the brilliant British economist behind its creation ?
4 which administrative district has the longest coastline of the great lakes?
3 what multi -talented academy award -winning director missed a body course in film production?
3 who would you use the secret maneuver on?
4 which country is the world's largest importer of brandy?
0 how do you type chinese characters on a device?
0 what are the current migration laws in the usa?
0 What does idle mean ?
3 which architect comes from the glass house designed by the chicago federal center had a philosophy of "less is more", "and produced plans that were the antecedent of the california ranch house".
1 what is the word for broken glass or sharp stones embedded in cementum on a wall?
3 Who painted `` Soft Self-Portrait with Grilled Bacon '' ?
0 how to make a list page?
0 what is the poetic measuring instrumentality of empty verses?
1 what will a child eat in the middle, and store the chocolate on the region for the last time?
1 what are some important psychological feature of the 1830s?
0 what makes black hills, south dakota a tourist drawing card?
4 where did the wright male sibling make their first flight?
3 who is currently the most popular singer in the natural object?
4 which north american municipality boasts the largest polish population?
3 who were the editors of the comedy hour smothers brothers?
5 how long before your blood makes a complete journey through the consistency?
1 What does a man suffering from diphallic terata have ?
1 what do western indian steel bands use as legal document?
2 what is html?
5 How many cities are there in Utah ?
4 What Asian gulf were the destroyers Maddox and C Turner Joy shot up in ?
0 why can't you taste anything when you have a communicable disease?
5 where is the us among the countries of the natural object in the region?
1 what war saw a body of water battle between cap trafalgar and carmania?
0 what does the term'return on maturity 'mean in relation to shackle?
5 how much does the military action against tuberculosis cost?
1 what did a 16th -century aztec athlete get for sticking a latex ball through a ring?
1 What was the first video ever made ?
5 How far can a human eye see ?
3 who was ben casey's boss?
1 What was Mark Johnson referring to when he said : `` I still can 't believe it- we beat the Russians ? ''
1 what was the name of sergeant preston of the yukon's guide canine?
0 how can i get someone's telephone number if i only have their screen name?
5 how many years ago did the ship titanic cesspool?
3 what is the highest divorce pace?
4 which peruvian municipality is home to the mummified body of francisco pizaro?
0 how do you type chinese fictional character on a keyboard?
3 name the trick film genre that nancy and chuck cast with the magic gang.
1 in kafka's metamorphosis, the leader wakes up one morning to learn that he has been turned into what?
0 how do i draw a draw?
5 how old is the averproperty property of a team member who worked on the manhattan project?
0 What function does a community 's water tower serve ?
3 Who was the author of `` John Brown 's Body '' ?
1 in what instrumentality is stuart hammlen considered the first singing cowboy?
4 What canal does the Thatcher Ferry Bridge span ?
4 which countries do not have government income levy?
1 What plant has the largest seed ?
0 What is cache memory ?
5 How many bones are in the human hand ?
3 who's the father of the machine?
1 what is the most popular contact lens visual property?
5 What is the current unemployment rate in the U.S. ?
3 who is known as the greatest violinist?
3 which high school are included in the south florida ice hockey league?
3 what bourbon king was returned to the french chair of state during napoleon's abdication?
3 Who wrote ` Dubliners ' ?
5 when was the last meter mount st. helens broke out?
1 what is a term for behavior, appearance or countenance that violates accepted standards of sexual morality?
4 What Tokyo street glitters with famed department stores and nightclubs ?
4 what is the das kapital of burkina faso?
3 What is the name of the inventor of silly putty ?
5 What day was Pearl Harbor attacked in 1942 ?
3 who sings ben johnson's "drink to me with your eyes" song?
4 what russian seaport has a language unit that means "lord of the east"?
4 what celestial body has a diameter of 864, 000 nautical mile?
3 Who provides telephone service in Orange County , California ?
4 which country boasts the mansion of ismail and the mansion of king farouk?
5 What year was the ATM first introduced ?
0 what causes the redness in your cheek when you blush?
0 What is `` Chicago Hope '' ?
1 What is a movie that Kevin Costner made about Sioux Indians ?
3 who invented the procedure to make condensed milk?
4 what's helen keller's language unit at home?
3 which fruitful actor was known as the brazilian bombshell?
0 what is the point of the word marijuana?
5 how many stars are there in big dipper?
0 what is the lineage of the term "the brooklyn side" in bowling?
5 By how much will the California state gas tax rise by the year 2000 ?
3 what non -conformist abstract painter has been called jack the dripper from meter to meter?
4 what is the assets of monaco?
5 how many nautical mile are there from frankfurt to salzburg, austria?
3 what is the most common name in juvenile's rhymes?
4 which u.s. state has the second longest slide?
0 what's in baby solid and baby lotion that makes it smell like that?
3 in dana's two years before the mast, which sailor lived in an abandoned furnace on the beach of san diego?
3 Who was the lawyer for Randy Steven Craft ?
1 what was the name of the killer whale that died of a fungal infection in sea world?
3 What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Craft ?
1 what is the only substance that gives food its "preference" when eaten?
1 what color is chablis?
3 Who did Dita Beard work for ?
0 In the song `` Yankee Doodle , '' why did Yankee Doodle stick a feather in his cap and call it macaroni ?
5 How large is Missouri 's population ?
5 how many muscleman does the average adult use to walk?
1 what is the language unit of a language spoken by the sioux?
4 what's the next star topology on earth?
5 how many web dining-room attendant are there?
1 what category of homorian epic chronicle of the end of the trojan wars?
5 how many miles of passageway are there in the pentagon?
1 what is a concern of the home environment?
1 What are some of Australia 's native flora ?
3 which tv detective played craig stevens?
1 what's the name of the vaccine for pox?
0 What is magnetar ?
1 What are two plants that clothes are made from ?
0 where did the pumpkin dish get their name?
5 at what time of year is air instrumentality the hardest?
3 Who did the Seven Mules block for ?
5 how many time of life has shea & gould practiced law in los angeles?
1 What are some of the significant historical events of the 1990s ?
5 What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. ?
5 what is the chemical responsiveness of neon?
4 what's the name of the wilkes estate in gone with the wind?
1 what book opens: ```in a certain community in la mancha, which i will not name.'''''''?
1 what trial followed world war ii?
0 how does an ion driveway work?
3 who was the captain of the cargo ship exxon valdez, who was involved in the oil disaster in prince william sound, alaska, 1989?
0 what is the origin of gametophytic body part?
0 how does zatanna do her magic trick in dc comics?
4 where does buzz aldrin want to build a permanently manned space facility?
1 What animals acted as lapwarmers for American colonists in church ?
0 how do i balance my social safety account?
3 in the twenties, who maintained the endurance of the pilots?
5 when did group start writing history seriously?
1 what's the common name for a japanese dwarf woody plant?
1 What 1966 boob tube bomb took astronauts back to prehistoric times ?
3 name the designer of the shoe that has produced million of imitations of plastic, known as ``jelly'.
1 which coinage make up more than two thirds of the known coinage?
0 What is a Jake brake ?
4 where can i find scientific data, research papers, fabric technology?
3 what the california politician said, "inaction can be the highest form of action"?
5 how much is the state financial gain tax in pennsylvania?
0 what is the highest roman amount?
3 what doonesbury character could turn into a mythical monster?
0 how do you determine the heating requirements for your home plate?
4 Where can I read about Chiang Kai-shek ?
3 who wrote "the pit and the pendulum"?
3 who won the most super bowls?
4 where can i find a social group or a book to help me speak, write and understand japanese?
4 what was the first municipality to be mapped in vermont?
1 What then-derogatory term was applied to the painters Monet , Sisley , Pissarro , Renoir and Degas ?
1 what kind of organism is winnie the pooh?
1 what has san francisco's milt harper grown that measures 24 -inch customs from the peak to the peak in 1974?
5 when were television camera introduced in malaysia?
3 what is the most common language unit in children's rhymes?
3 what school does tom attend during tom brown's school day?
0 why do roof give off steam after a big rain?
3 which writer is in and around walden puddle?
3 who portrayed carl bernstein in all the president's men?
5 how many propellers helped the heavier-than-air craft the wright brothers flew into history?
0 What makes salt ?
3 what good little witch is casper's friend?
4 Where are the busiest ports in the world ?
3 name of the hero in ``scruples''?
1 what plants are there in a rima?
1 what's the language unit of jamiroquai's new album?
1 what fruits does the libyan islamic fighting group produce?
3 who shot lee harvey oswald?
0 how does a small businessman liaison the good humor ice cream company to do business with them?
5 How many hands does Bjorn Borg use when hitting his forehand ?
5 in what year was the first patent for the pull tab start obtained on cans?
3 what did andy hardy do for a living with his parent?
3 What is the most common boy 's or girl 's name ?
5 what was the target pace for m3 growth in 1992?
5 what percentage of silver act is carried out by independent silver smelters?
4 What country are you in if you woo in the Wu dialect ?
1 what is "little red car" mentioned in the pop singer prince's hit musical composition?
4 What 's the oldest capital city in the Americas ?
1 which 1956 grace metallious novel was on the trade book list for two years?
4 where does the song everything goes take home?
3 who invented the newspaper clip?
0 what's the deviation between a bachelor and a one -bedroom apartment?
3 name the woody plant -breeding company.
0 how does rake clot work?
1 which breakfast cereal brought you "the best" every time period?
1 what son appears 46,227 times in the bible?
0 what is the collection of sentence 98?
0 what are good act?
1 what do river otter eat?
0 How do you handle a hungry man ?
5 how big is a one-fourth?
1 what is scotch for people who know the deviation?
1 what film tour of the roman empire shows the warning: `````` formation well and live''?
5 how many linear unit of veins are in circulation?
3 what kind of girl does "teddy" mean a loving human body of?
3 what are the big companies that are function of dow jones?
5 how many super bowls have the contestant won?
4 what relation of the world is mozambique in?
1 What ill-fated craft was captained by Ernst Lehmann ?
1 Name the only extant trilogy of classical Greek plays .
4 What countries have the most auto thefts ?
1 what did group use to freshen their breath before the toothpaste?
3 who played al jolson in the jolson story?
5 how many group die of snake bite poisoning in the united states a year?
1 which cbs soap classical music was interrupted by the bulletin on john f. kennedy's murder?
3 what chilean president of the united states was killed in a 1973 coup?
3 Who was the lyricist and who was the composer between Gilbert and Sullivan ?
1 which side should a cricketer hit the 3 -pin left or right with a view to a 37803 split?
3 rotary motor car were manufactured by what company?
5 when's packing day?
4 which political unit has the most coastlines?
0 Why did the Anglican church split from the Vatican ?
3 who made the muppets?
1 what category of fruit is a yellow transparent?
5 how many warmup pitches does a substitute get in a ball game game?
3 what english doctor was born in january 18, 1779 and created two important invention?
1 what kind of diversion did they play in the 1642 -1649, the english civil war?
1 What is the fear of cockroaches called ?
1 what visual communication format was an alternative to vhs?
1 What carries sperm up into the pelvic region ?
3 what is an example of a famous rock 'n' roll band from the sixties?
4 where are equine most likely found?
1 what marx brothers product is based on a stolen painting?
4 which country is known as hawkeye country?
1 what visual property are seven out of ten houses in the united states?
5 how many endangered taxonomic group are there in the world?
5 how many home plate runs has babe ruth hit in his life?
4 what nationality were the 123 group who died in the black hole in calcutta?
5 what is the approximate physical property of a teaspoon matter in a black hole?
4 where do i get information and applied mathematics on countries and nations?
3 What is `` the airline built for professional travelers '' ?
0 what is the explanation of equivalence states?
1 what substance of the three bears ate goldilocks?
5 when was dubai's first concrete building built?
5 how many metric linear unit in a mile?
4 where are wop pigs?
5 how many bone are there in the human hand?
3 who was the democratic candidate in the american presidential vote?
1 what did jack trade with the butcher for a small indefinite quantity of beans?
0 how would i find the loot for various organs donated?
3 Who are the two sons of Ozzie and Harriet Nelson ?
2 what does the amount ````5''stand for on fubu clothing?
3 Who produces Spumante ?
3 what six -foot temperament lawyer kept her axe in salon?
3 who was the second person to wear iron man's armor?
3 who's the richest woman in the world?
0 what are the words to the cd eminem's, or slim shaded, ```` my name is'?
5 how many multitude did randy craft kill?
1 what mutant features hooks and clean fools?
4 What Scandinavian capital is built on nine bridge-connected islands ?
3 What title did Shevardnadze have during the Soviet era ?
3 who hired jackie kennedy to write the death of a president?
3 who said, "i think i'll go out and milk the moose"?
1 what is it that goes on four leg, then on two leg, then on three?
1 what are some written record of the phrase ``thank you''''?
1 What is a fear of rejection ?
5 in the 1990s, on what time unit of the week did christmas fall?
1 what is the medical state in which a baby without a brain is born?
1 what do british institution have 175, 0 tons of tea in 1982?
4 where did the summer olympics take home in the 1936s?
1 name the operating arrangement running on ibm compatible machines.
3 what was mao, the chinese person, full name?
0 what was the nato people's defense for attacking the chinese embassy?
3 who holds the nfl record for most touchdowns in one time period?
4 which ocean is the largest in the worldly concern?
1 what was jimmy durante's title sung?
5 where is the us among the countries of the world in the area?
1 stuart hammlen is considered the first singing cowboy of what metier?
5 How many double-word-score spaces are there on a Scrabble Crossword Game board ?
0 how do i get another municipality paper?
5 what is the number of enrollee at the university of massachusetts in amherst?
3 what function does nathan hamill play in the new star wars prequel?
5 what is the monetary value for aaa liability insurance?
0 What did n't Rocky Marciano do in his pro boxing career ?
1 which 1895 h.g. wells fiction was written under the title the chronic argonauts?
1 Who was the first animal into space ?
3 who did the chicago bulls beat in the 1993 championship?
1 what was jimmy durante's heading song?
3 what 1920s cowboy star journey tony the wonder horse?
3 what is the name of the star of the cooking display, galopp gourmet?
3 whose singing spokesperson was synchronized for natalie wood in west side story and audrey hepburn in my fair lady?
3 what actor played in "the lion in winter"?
3 who invented the can undoer?
1 What 's the most popular form of gambling with women in Las Vegas ?
5 How many years do fossils take to form ?
4 what populated state covers 49,576 square linear unit?
3 who played the ringo kid in the 1939th movie stagecoach?
1 what is the only activity by michelangelo that bears his signature?
1 what cartridge holder gives us the cream, not the savings?
5 how many points is a sound recording in the middle hole worth in crokinole?
0 what was the ending of the 1945th yalta conference?
1 what's a emotion of rejection?
1 What does a dipsomaniac crave ?
5 what are the unemployment statistics for the 1965s and nineties?
3 Which company that manufactures video-game hardware sells the `` super system '' ?
5 how many characters form a word for the verbal creation test?
3 who said, "soldiers win the battles and general officer get the glory?"
0 what does the language unit opera mean?
0 what are the human body on easter island?
1 What trade did the 15th and 16th century Portuguese hope to control between Asia and Europe ?
3 which painter popularized brillo's dish cans and soap boxes?
0 What qualifications are there for individuals donating blood ?
1 What are pushed and coupled in hump yards ?
1 what do group start with zoonoses?
1 what was the name of aristotle onassis' vessel?
4 what was einstein's topographic point?
4 which natural elevation range marks the border with france and spain?
1 what material did the three little pigs use to build their houses?
3 Who won the 1968 California Democratic primary ?
3 who was the first american citizen to award the albert medal of the society of arts?
5 in what class was the cartoon character chilly willy created?
1 What war saw a naval battle between the luxury liners Cap Trafalgar and the Carmania ?
3 what culture has potlatch developed?
0 what is the point of gametophytic tissue?
1 what will a juvenile eat in the middle, and store the chocolate on the outside for the last time?
5 how many elevators do you drive to reach the top horizontal surface of the empire state building?
4 which natural attraction attract most visitors to the united states?
0 how can i search my own computer for a word?
5 What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
5 When did humans first begin to write history seriously ?
1 which cats followed tweety pie in his first cartoon show?
3 who is the president of the spanish government?
3 which biography of the actress is shelley: also known as shirley?
1 what's a fear of animal skin?
5 when was the last case mount st. helens broke out?
3 which company activitys the unknown faces of its celebrity speakers to promote the activity of its product?
0 Why do people shake hands to show friendliness ?
1 What 's an easy way to count the approximate number of fish in a lake ?
1 what's the fastest and easiest property to get nail polish out of your clothes?
1 what paper gave back a pulitzer prize for the fraudulent history of jimmy's world?
0 what was the dead man's extremity?
1 what is the art of growing miniature woody plant?
5 how much money are dumbo's sense organ insured for?
4 which island was the aim of operation urgent anger?
3 who was darius?
1 what star slipstream has the inhumans brought to marvel's earth?
3 which baseball team was routinely referred to by its frustrated fans as ``the boom''?
4 what is the largest walk site?
1 What creature scares people in the film `` Jaws '' ?
1 what kind of dinner was invented in 1916 at the george jung attic factory in los angeles?
1 what abstraction of the raccoon is sometimes known as a cat bear?
5 in what time period did ireland elect its first madam president?
3 who was the captain of the tanker exxon valdez, who was involved in the oil disaster in prince william sound, alaska, 1989?
3 what british military officer surrendered to george washington in 1781?
3 which company is the largest japanese shipwright?
3 who painted "soft self portrait" with grilled bacon?
4 which country has most cars per mile of way?
3 what mythical illustration wears a hourglass and a scythe?
1 What is the term that describes a word where only one usage has been recorded in all literature ?
5 on what time unit were john f and jackie kennedy married?
0 what is pathology?
3 who was the columbia pictures head who forged the name of the actor cliff robertson on a $1.000 check?
3 what's the language unit of the inventor of the stupid kit?
1 what were the ceremonies like in the case of elisabeth?
0 How does salt melt ice and snow ?
5 How much did a knight 's armor weigh ?
0 what do i have to do to keep my canine in dominica for a year?
4 kosovo is a administrative district of what country?
3 what's the musician madonna's real name?
1 what operating system runs on ibm -compatible device?
4 where are the period austerlitz and victor hugo?
0 how can i determine the spoke of an ellipse?
1 what animals in the church have acted as laxatives for american settler?
1 what was mr. magoo doing on tv for general electric?
3 Who says , `` If you don 't look good , we don 't look good '' ?
1 what body covering care product told us, "hate the gray, wash it away."
5 what was the termination shot at the outbreak of mount pinatubo?
1 what would you add to the mix to make bone chinaware?
5 when was the san francisco happening?
5 what is the wage of a u.s. representative?
3 who was elected the first black chairman of the military headman of staff?
3 who is the owner of cnn?
0 how do you get rid of spear?
1 what's the language unit of david letterman's dog?
0 what property of the african elephant are greater than those of the indian elephant?
0 how can i find out how much it costs to raise a baby for six month?
5 what percentage did thatcher like after a decade in might?
1 which 1976 deep throat knockoff supplies the leading actress with a second larynx?
0 what is the difference between college and alumnus school?
1 what are new machine games for windows 95 or 98?
5 how much could you rent a volkswagen bug in 1966?
3 what was the name of the man who was killed in a fight with aaron burr?
3 what photographic equipment company said ```if you don't have the time, do we have the photographic equipment?''
3 what famous kernel company went out of business because it became known that the underworld sold them kangaroo kernel?
3 who invented the game of bowling?
3 which company tables the vote for the academy awards?
1 Which magazine is `` fine entertainment for men '' ?
4 what is the web site for the us magazine?
4 which country was named the insect of the antilles?
3 what six -foot temperament lawyer kept her axe in gallery?
1 What do flatfish eat ?
3 who was the last u.s. corporate executive to resume the selective service registration?
1 what's a emotion of reptiles?
3 who's king in alley oop's house of moo?
3 what is the largest distillate company in the world?
5 how many calorie are there in a glass of water?
0 what are the side personal property of mevacor?
0 why do the wimp pox last so long?
3 who was the supreme god of the germanic religion?
3 What are the names of Jack 's original roommates on Three 's Company ?
4 Where 's the Bernini-Bristol Hotel ?
0 How do you identify prime numbers ?
4 what state in the gulf of mexico has its lowest point five feet below body of water level?
4 which state is lund in?
1 What was the name of Sergeant Preston of the Yukon 's lead dog ?
4 which country has the largest bovid population?
5 how much medium of exchange does every player get at the beginning of the game in monopoly?
4 What were the cities of Dickens 's A Tale of Two Cities ?
1 what is the point on the document i mentioned?
3 who was made up of the now non -existent comic team known as the champions?
0 How close a cousin was Franklin D. to Theodore Roosevelt ?
0 How do you stop junk snail mail ?
0 How do I sing like Elvis Presley ?
0 what are the circumstance for becoming a citizen of australia?
3 whose musical performance voice was synchronized for natalie wood in west side story and audrey hepburn in my fair lady?
0 why do girls have to wear training brassiere?
3 who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver?
3 who was the third president of the united states?
3 who was the inspiration for the teacher portrayed by robin williams in the dead poets society?
0 What 's the rathaus in Frankfurt ?
0 what was the fame of the football activity, the fordham waynesburg state 12601 in september 3, 1939?
1 What kind of animal is Babar ?
3 which penis of charlie's angels sang songs for josie and the pussycats?
1 what are other ways, stretching strips other than pregnancy, physical property loss and physical property loss?
3 who invented the horoscope?
5 In which year was the cartoon character Chilly Willy created ?
1 what happens when a pedaler calls ````oil'?
0 how can you become an fbi agentive role?
3 which jockey won 17 -triple crown contest?
0 what are the great differences in catholic and methodical belief?
3 who taught matt murdock to use his extraordinary quality in marvel comics?
1 which color of the market properties are applied most frequently?
5 What geological time do we live in ?
2 What is the abbreviation for Original Equipment Manufacturer ?
0 how do i make fuel stones out of recycled newspaper?
1 what impenetrable system of french defensive structure was built along the german border before the second world war?
0 what does camera -ready creation mean?
3 do you call the marvel unit casual based on dc's justice league of america?
4 what sea boundary mauritania?
0 what do you do in cozumel, mexico for young group?
1 what building complex are there in a mouth?
3 What major league baseball team compiled the best won-lost record between 1957 and 1983 ?
4 what famous scenery is a 15 -minute boat ride through the venetian lagoon of venice?
4 what is the internet address of the list of electronic communication addresses of members of the house of representatives?
3 Who invented Make-up ?
5 what is the result of a real baseball plot?
4 what municipality does orly airport serve?
3 what was randy steven craft's professional's name?
5 what season starts with the season equinox?
3 who played the heading role in my favorite martian?
5 in what time period did jack nicklaus join the professional golfers association tour?
3 what was the name of the 187th irish terror group in the pennsylvania mining diligence?
3 name the arrangement headed by a security council.
3 which tv policeman played craig stevens?
1 which limb does a cat move with its left front limb when walking, its left hind limb or its right hind limb?
3 which company logo is a "w" in a lap?
3 what was the name of the american people hero john chapman?
5 what are the three winter months in the southern geographical area?
4 which structure was built in 18.18 contains 327 -mile bookshelves?
1 what is the condition for a group of geese?
3 who donated the artifact to the doodyville orphanage fund and kept them for themselves?
4 What country are Godiva chocolates from ?
4 where can i find a review of nightmare on elm street in a product journal?
3 What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ?
3 who's the founder of the computer?
5 what class did rossetti paint "beata beatrix"?
3 what were the names of the criminal bonnie and clyde?
4 What volcano showers ash on Sicily ?
3 Who should I call to get a tour of the New York Stock Exchange ?
4 where do i get information about the original 13.us body?
4 What famed strip of land is a 15-minute boat trip across the Venetian Lagoon from Venice ?
4 where can i find a computer that gives comparisons of good prices?
3 what function did benjamin franklin play in the development of the newspaper in america?
1 what does leon uri's novel have to do with the russian capture of berlin?
0 how does ultraviolet light damage the dna of peel cells?
5 how fast does a starship have to travel to escape earth's gravity?
1 what's the high sound you hear in your ear now and then, but then it disappears after a time?
4 where can i find information about forced auctions on the internet?
3 what new orleans d.a. said: "my associates and i solved the bombing workweek ago"?
3 Who used AuH2O as an election slogan ?
3 who was the key witness at the watergate senate proceeding?
1 what was the name of the substance of the greek gods?
0 what were the three prediction made by the witches macbeth?
1 Garry Kasparov plays what game ?
5 how much medium of exchange are dumbo's ears insured for?
4 What Nevada center has been dubbed The Biggest Little City in the World ?
5 what was the death magnitude relation in the usa in 1969?
0 What does Melissa mean ?
1 which morris west novel deals with the russian priest who becomes pope?
3 what's the name of the american swimmer who won seven precious metal medals in the 1972 -year olympics?
3 what's dolly parton's language unit with her husband?
5 how many fig newtons are in the avoirdupois unit?
4 which country was mikhail gorbachev the drawing card?
1 What animal received royal assent as an emblem of Canada on March 24 , 1975 ?
1 What TV station did Mary Richards work for ?
0 what is the determination of a car bra?
1 what was the name of the 1899 policy imposed on china whereby all nations had equal trade abstraction?
5 How many words are there in the Spanish language ?
1 what is a term for behavior, appearance or formula that violates accepted standards of sexual morality?
1 what connects white wine to the medical instrument in a medical instrument?
4 which state is the world's leading supplier of cannabis?
3 which company uses the unknown faces of its celebrity speakers to promote the use of its commodity?
3 who were the dirtiest multitude alive?
3 name the person who burst through the filmdom in the lite beer commercial.
1 what custom accompany the circumcision of a newborn child in judaism?
0 why do heavier aim go down faster?
3 what was the name of the player world health organization played at the eagles in super bowl xv?
1 what is the relation between new krypton and daxam?
0 How do you find oxidation numbers ?
4 which kenyan municipality is the safari centre for east africa?
1 what are the most important rake vessels?
5 how many times a sidereal day should you use a recipe with ``````````````q.d.''no.
1 what is it that goes on four stamina, then on two stamina, then on three?
3 which writer is known to place himself physically at the centre of his message?
3 what's the language unit of pittsburgh's baseball team?
3 what united states army motto is "blood and fire"?
4 where do i get mailing list?
1 what merchandise is for children and not for stupid rabbits?
1 what is nevil shute novel about the lost survivors of a nuclear military action?
4 which two country border the bay of biscay?
3 who was the first holy roman emperor?
4 which das kapital was founded when pesth and buda merged?
3 what storehouse claims to be the largest department storehouse in the world?
4 what part of the natural object is mozambique in?
2 what does the ```c''in equation e =mc2 mean?
5 When is Bastille Day ?
1 What events happened January 26 , 1978 ?
5 how much does it cost to produce and send junk mail catalog on average or whatever is available in the usa? dt cd nn nn
0 how is water system treated to drink safely?
1 what was simple simon doing in his mother's vessel?
1 what semblance is the eight ball in the pocket billiard?
3 who was the monk from the 15th? a century that gained power of florence and was burned at the stake?
3 what is the name of a greek spiritual being?
5 what will the california gas tax be in the 21st time period?
5 when was the first practical commercial character printer marketed?
3 what were the name of the gangsters bonnie and clyde?
1 what is the language unit of the 19th century, when british troops were killed over three unarmed indian demonstrators?
3 the name of the learner whose literal translations depended on the chinese and japanese ezra pound?
4 what kind of group are the best tv viewers?
3 what 1920s cowboy star rides tony the wonder horse?
0 How do Ouija Boards work ?
1 what j.r.r. tolkien book shows bilbo baggins as the central imaginary being?
5 How many people died when the Estonia sank in 1994 ?
4 which political unit was named the queen of the antilles?
0 What clause in the U.S. Constitution may not be changed , altered or amended ?
1 what colour of dry wine should be served with veal cut and chopsticks?
0 what is word drag?
0 how are the u.s.a. involved in the barbary wars?
1 what keeps clouds in the gas?
0 what happened in dogtown in 1899 to commemorate this time period?
5 What is the life expectancy of an elephant ?
3 what principle of the dutch renaissance did aristotle paint the bust of homer contemplating?
1 what is the most delicate penis of the onion family?
3 what body football team made knute rockne a power?
3 what is the first personal computer institution?
1 what does it take to be a champion?
4 where are the good skill pages on the internet?
4 what state in the gulf of mexico has its lowest point five feet below sea property?
5 how many metric linear unit away are pins in the cone next to each other?
0 what according to kinsey institute is the sexual predilection of four percent of american men?
0 what do the red and white stripes mean in a hair gallery?
3 what cherokee indian gave his name to a woody plant?
5 What century did art 's Romantic Period begin in ?
5 How many inches apart are adjacent pins in tenpin bowling ?
1 what boris pasternak book sells 5,0 transcript to the fiction bestseller of 1958?
1 what is the direction or formula for coca -cola?
3 what cocoa company gives you a kiss?
4 which european country gave up solid in 19203 because printing costs more than its nominal value?
5 what was the death pace in the usa in 1969?
5 how big is the biggest jewel?
5 How deep is a fathom ?
3 What is the best distance education university or college ?
4 which national passenger rail instrumentality in the country is via?
5 how many neurons are in the human genius?
1 in what war were there military action at papagei's beak and black virgin?
5 what does an average day care proletarian pay in new england?
3 What actor was the first man to appear on the cover of McCall 's ?
4 what is the tallest structure in japan?
1 what does a topophobic performer suffer from?
4 which political unit have the best math students?
2 What does BUD stand for ?
3 whose force did conrad hilton jr. and michael wilding lock up?
3 what comedian has a legendary honor for stealing jokes?
4 where was the largest concentration clique in world war ii?
3 what are the three most successful ship's company of our time?
1 what letter appears on the cold water regulator in spain?
5 what is the result of a real ball game game?
5 when did amtrak start the mathematical process?
3 who is malaysia with the 43rd prime minister?
3 who invented battery?
3 the name of the performer who played the detective in the movie kindergarten cop, is what?
0 why are your ears the center field of your equilibrium?
0 how to write a book document?
3 who gave us the rolling writer?
5 what is the average day when most buying malls start putting up christmas decorations?
3 what did the seven gnome do for a living?
4 where is the actress marion davies buried?
0 why do health professional work on elevated floors?
1 what are the seven astonishment of the world?
3 what radio receiver station did paul harvey work for?
1 name four famous wit cats.
0 How can a foreigner get a U.S. Social Security card ?
5 how many body of water do you call them?
4 what are the three largest oceans in the world by magnitude?
4 which country has problem with hooligans?
4 which center of nevada was designated the largest small city in the worldly concern?
5 what are the distance of pearl necklaces?
3 whose child was sweet pea on the popeye cartoon?
4 What is the location of McCarren Airport ?
3 what ship's company only markets "shampoo" for brunettes?
1 What soft drink is most heavily caffeinated ?
5 how many square meter is bill gates at home?
3 which associate of charlie's angels sang songs for josie and the pussycats?
5 how many multitude have the united nations committed itself to supporting the restoration of order and the distribution of humanitarian aid in somalia in september 1992?
3 who is count cinzano?
1 what's a fear of shade?
5 how many neurons are in the human neural structure?
3 Who wrote `` The Scarlet Letter '' ?
0 how do i give a good treatment?
1 what's the common name for a japanese small person tree?
1 what grammatical category is rejected in kuwait?
3 who was ben casey's supervisor?
1 which car was driven in the nineties interpretation of smokey and the bandit?
0 what stream affect the shetland and orkney islands in the north sea?
4 which monarchy of the european state was restored in 1975?
1 which substance contain most proteins?
4 What is the US Federal Government website for Standard Industrial Classification codes , SIC , ?
1 what is the slowest olympic swim job action?
4 what das kapital is built around the circle monument, which contains soldiers and sailors?
0 what is the use of a 24 -hour lookout instead of a 12 -hour lookout?
5 How many people did the United Nations commit to help restore order and distribute humanitarian relief in Somalia in September 1992 ?
4 What are some good medical sites for information ?
3 who was the first medical practitioner to successfully transplant a liver?
3 what refinement invented the arc?
4 which field district of the city was called "the roaring forties"?
5 how many containerful form a spoon?
0 what does the theory of quantum leaps mean in simpler status?
1 what is the product jonathan livingstone seagull?
4 what are the only two states that incorporate the confederate battalion into their flag?
4 where is sinn fein's office?
0 how does an ion drive employment?
3 what are the top male names in the united states?
0 how do mill work?
0 What is the 401 , K , plan ?
0 how do you get rid of weapon?
3 which two commanding officer executed the troops in the battle of el alameina?
1 what semblance were ernest hemingway's eyes?
0 how do you get stupid kitten out of artifact?
0 what's the information to the bermuda triangle?
0 what right do i have in a car show in california?
3 which comedian was the perfect jester?
1 what was john f. kennedy's decade campaign song?
0 what is a parallelogram moll?
1 what is a emotion of birth?
3 which spanish creator painted crucifixion?
1 which word in english have two u's back to back?
1 for what disease did august von wassermann develop a specific examination in 196?
0 give me one cause why american indians often leave school.
0 why does sound motion faster through water than air?
4 which two country of south america are internal?
5 what year did rossetti rouge "beata beatrix"?
3 which u.s. frailty president once said, "if you've seen a slum, you've seen them all"?
4 What Texas city got its name from the Spanish for `` yellow '' ?
4 what were the first three city to have a population of more than one million?
1 what baseball score required nine testis in 1879, eight testis in 1880 and seven testis in 1881?
0 why is the universe flat, if it started with an plosion, shouldn't it be a bullet?
3 which comedian hit the tv screen in 1951 with the nbc day show time for ernie?
3 what famous meat company went out of enterprise because it became known that the underworld sold them kangaroo meat?
3 What is the real name of disc jockey `` Wolfman Jack '' ?
1 What fruit does the ficus produce ?
4 where can i find information about bob barr, a negotiator from georgia?
1 which 1956 grace metallious fiction was on the bestseller list for two years?
3 who portrays the rich specialist carl hyatt on checkmate?
3 who's westview high's band film director at funky winkerbean?
5 what are the monetary value of medicines used in tuberculosis treatments?
5 What is the approximate population of Las Vegas , N.M ?
4 what is the das kapital of the congo?
3 which ventura county police department has seized the largest cocaine dispatch in history?
1 what rabbit has his name because his auricle resembled those of a donkey?
0 what is the explanation of the scrabble word "syzygy"?
4 which metropolis landmark was first presented in the 1940s superman cartoons?
4 which u.s. country has the second longest coast?
4 in which country is an imaginary articulator a friendly greeting?
4 What natural attractions draw the most visitors in the United States ?
3 which president was buried in his native building overlooking the hudson river in hyde park, new york?
3 what argentinean packer was shot in may outside a brothel in nevada?
1 what's a emotion of parasites?
5 what is the current agenda from cairo to barbados?
1 Which cats pursued Tweety Pie in his first cartoon appearance ?
3 who painted parent and child?
3 What TV detective did Craig Stevens play ?
5 how many lyric does the pope speak?
1 what cocktail inspired john doxat to write the record stirred -not shaken?
0 how can i find out how much it costs to raise a baby for six time period?
3 who sang the song "hooked on a feeling" in the dancing baby episode of ally mcbeal?
3 what company claimed to be the largest toy store in the natural object?
0 what is the deviation between tft and dual -scan display?
0 what is the difference between a college and a body?
4 What is the oldest ethnological museum in the world ?
0 how do i e message someone at aol.com from yahoo.com?
5 What percent liked Thatcher after she had been in power for a decade ?
4 what municipality in texas got its name from spanish for "yellow"?
0 what are the context for becoming a citizen of australia?
3 what initial of the fast food magnate decorated the left sleeves of the san diego padres baseball uniforms in 1984?
0 What is time ?
1 what is the geographical word for the sunken peripheral regions of a continent?
4 where can i find message about the narragansett indians and other tribes in rhode island?
1 what is the weakest bone in the consistency?
0 What is the English meaning of caliente ?
4 what is the highest natural elevation?
1 what tv quiz show left the gas in 1975 to vote vera lynn's "we'll meet again"?
1 what powder soft helping mix went into space?
1 What is the name of the kids ' show from Canadian Public TV with the singing pineapple ?
3 who shared a new york city apartment with roger maris when he reached the 61st home score?
3 who retired with 755 home runs?
5 how many Ugandan monetary unit more than two were in one guinea?
5 how many people visit the pope every time period?
3 who said he killed 4,280 buffalo as substance for the crew t hat built the kansas pacific railway?
3 whose tattle voice was synchronized for natalie wood in west side story and audrey hepburn in my fair lady?
1 which breakfast grain brought you "the best" every morning?
0 what's a gandy performer?
3 who was the first english sailor in the world?
3 What famous New York City mayor wrote the hit song , `` Will You Love Me in December as You Do in May ? ''
0 what causes sass ulcers?
1 what keeps swarm in the air?
3 who did dita beard work for?
1 what's a emotion of being alone?
5 What age is Benny Carter ?
0 How do I tie a tie ?
0 What is an isthmus ?
4 which building is adequately represented on the rear of the 1 -dollar bill?
4 What city is served by McCarren Airport ?
1 what's the emotion of frogs?
1 what kind of explosive do you get when you mix charcoal, sulfur and nitrate?
0 what's the calculator for the rest of us?
4 what are the capital of the two major countries occupying the iberian peninsula in europe?
1 What word occurs 46 , 227 times in the Bible ?
1 what song brought james taylor into the prominence?
3 what was the ventura county police department that seized the largest assets of cocaine?
1 what mary tyler moore show regularly came into the natural object as tadeus wladyslaw konopka?
3 who was the author of the book on computer hackers called ``the egg of cock': a spy through the labyrinth of computer spying''?
4 what is the largest municipality in chile, south america?
3 who gave king arthur the round table?
1 what is the fastest moving creature in the worldly concern, birds, mammals, etc.?
5 how many people die of snake bite poisoning in the united states a time period?
0 what's the last formation of dick's "a christmas carol"?
3 what baseball unit became the minnesota twins?
3 who is the incredible hulk really?
1 What color is Mr. Spock 's blood ?
1 in vladimir nabokov's novel, professor humbert falls in emotion with a 12 -year -old girl?
3 what professional sports league triggered the college work?
1 what bodily process is twice as likely to get leprosy?
3 what famous comedian recently tried unsuccessfully to revive the dramatic composition?
3 who wrote the book "the grinch who stole christmas"?
5 How much is Clara Peller being paid by Wendy 's to say `` Where 's the beef '' ?
1 What does the six-footed Musca domestica become when it enters a house ?
1 What do I call the sons and daughters of my first cousins ?
1 what color is most commonly used to symbolize the accuracy?
3 who played the title duty in i what a teenage werwolf?
1 what kind of a slaughter in the members of bugs moran's outfit?
3 what do you call person who likes fire?
1 what's a fear of sensation, body?
3 who plays the cop in the movie kindergarten cop?
4 where can i find the state of my tax return?
1 what is the penalty area between baltic avenue and reading railroad on a market board?
4 which country is the residence of heineken beer?
5 What season does a hiemal activity normally take place in ?
4 What Metropolis landmark was first introduced in the Superman cartoons of the 1940 's ?
5 How tall is the replica of the Matterhorn at Disneyland ?
0 how can anyone become a federal causal agent?
5 what part of a beaver's biography is spent swimming?
1 how do you say "eat the time unit" in latin?
4 what is the state of origin for the name thomas?
0 what's the quality between khaki and chino?
1 What 's the geographic term for the submerged fringe of a continent ?
1 What fowl grabs the spotlight after the Chinese Year of the Monkey ?
0 why is microsoft's windows 3 such a successful computer course of study?
5 How far out is the universe ?
0 how can your educational institution march at macy's thanksgiving parade?
1 what is a word whose culture can be rearranged to form another word?
0 what does the term spaghetti western average?
3 Who became president of the U.S. in 1789 ?
3 call the poet of the poem that begins: i don't know much about spiritual being; but i think the river is a strong brown god -sullen, and unblemished?
0 what right do some children have?
3 who developed potlatch?
4 what city was known for its pea dish?
4 where can i find a ask an expert web site?
3 which company is bought by yahoo and how much is the transaction worth?
4 What state was named the Green Mountain state ?
0 how do birds find their way back to the same home every year?
3 who was samuel johnson's ally and biographer?
1 which speech in english have two u's back to back?
3 who is desmond tutu?
3 who invented make -up?
0 why does a woman have to be a virgin to be a conical buoy?
4 where can i find detailed message about manchukuo?
0 What 's the meaning of UOL ?
1 To get the most caffeine , what soda should I drink ?
1 what are the best vegetable polish in the world?
5 how long does it take for actinic radiation to reach earth from the sun?
1 What is the fastest fish in the world ?
1 What is `` the great American family cereal '' ?
5 how many children under 18.m. are victims of physical mistreatment every year?
5 what time period were you born when your birthstone is sardonyx?
3 Whose video is titled Shape Up with Arnold ?
3 what green bay packer's coach philosophed: "there's nothing that shoots ardor like hate"?
3 what was the hurl of mandy rice -davies?
4 What country has declared one-fifth of its territory off-limits to Russians ?
1 what measures has clinton taken to avoid the gulp?
1 what animal was called "the cow of the poor world"?
1 what's the language unit of the family circus dog?
4 Where can I get a complete listing of showtimes in my area ?
1 what animals in the church have acted as laxatives for american migrant?
0 what was the real laugh in responses to say good time period dick?
3 which of the original seven mercury course of study astronauts did not fly on any of the mercury flights?
5 how many trees are used in newspaper production in one year?
3 what little american gymnast stole the display at the 1984 olympics?
0 why is poop sometimes in different semblance?
5 what are the shoe magnitude of o'neal, jordan and mutombo, the nba players?
1 from what hymn did john steinbeck receive his title the grapes of wrath?
3 Who reports the weather on the `` Good Morning America '' television show ?
1 What English word has the most letters ?
4 What ocean surrounds the Madeira Islands ?
1 what vessel wreck in nantucket killed more divers in its exploration than the 52 -people it sank with?
3 What British prime minister and U.S. president were seventh cousins once-removed ?
3 who was the oldest u.s. president?
1 What currency is used in Australia ?
5 when's richard nixon's anniversary?
4 what are the largest deserts in the natural object?
4 what are the names of all the seas in the world and in what body of water do they flow?
1 what's the tallest garment on the bridge?
0 What does e=mc2 mean ?
4 which u.s. administrative district has the lowest height at six feet?
1 which luggage series is named after a famous american ad?
4 what are the biggest breweries in the natural object?
0 what are the words for the canadian national hymn?
3 who was the prophet of the jewish multitude?
1 what two parts of your body grow all your being?
4 where can i find up -to -date message on surface temperature on the coast, preferably along north america and the caribbean?
1 what are the three semblance on the french flag?
0 what are the valdez generalization?
4 which body of water sparkles next to miami, florida?
1 what operating system do ibm -compatible machine use?
4 which mountain extent extends from the gulf of st. lawrence to alabama?
4 which mountain region of the world is the lhasa apso canine, which is housed in the world?
1 What are the components of polyester ?
3 name the person United Nations agency burst through the screen in the lite beer commercial.
0 how does a hydropower building complex work?
0 Why is the moon different sizes and colors ?
5 what seven integer follow the territorial code in the number for remote information?
3 what mysterious writer wrote ``the honor that was greece and the honor that was rome'?
3 who said the only son in mel brooks's silent movie?
0 what is the origin of the son ``carrier'''?
1 what are the first six speech of dickens'a tale of two cities?
1 what's a concern of touching?
3 what tv host names a ordering of men's clothes?
5 how many different lyric are spoken in europe?
5 what's columbia tristar's phone amount?
1 what fiction did big brother see?
5 how many revolutions does a standard lp shuffle in three minutes?
3 which actor and aviator of world war ii had put a $5,0 capital of hermann goering on his head?
0 what are these little blue reflectors in the center of the street for?
1 what child's story contains the line ````come, cinderella, and keep this spear of wool for me'''?
0 how can i find a list of -, fax - and e -mail code for the massachusetts personnel department?
3 who died with over a thousand u s patents on his account?
3 who's always trying to get andy capp's rent?
3 who sings ben johnson's "drink to me with your eyes" sung?
3 what "great" baseball musician is now a spokesperson for a beer company?
3 which of the following rock and roll celestial bodys has a celestial body on hollywood boulevard?
3 what doctor of the church in a 1946 -book says there's such a thing as a bad boy?
1 in ad 999, what kind of celebrations, emotion, were there?
3 what american serjeant-at-law lost both hands during world war ii and then appeared in a single film for which he won two oscars?
1 what is grenada's most important export of raw material?
0 what is the meaning of hypochromic anemia?
3 What was called the world 's largest department store ?
4 What country boasts the most dams ?
1 What does the technique called `` cold fusion '' produce ?
0 what is a association?
3 Who is the fastest swimmer in the world ?
0 what affair does homeostasis have on the existence of an organism?
1 what color is the eight ball in the scoop billiard?
1 what property followed the bronze property?
3 who lives on 39th stone canyon way?
3 What was Eduard Shevardnadze 's job in the Soviet Union ?
1 which racehorse won an associated press examination as the largest horse of the twentieth century?
1 what is the individuality of the dice?
5 what is the highest number of home runs on record for a activity?
0 how did the months of the time period come to be named?
5 How many Jews were executed in concentration camps during WWII ?
1 what tv quiz show left the air in 1975 to vote vera lynn's "we'll meet again"?
5 how many multitude was randy craft convicted of murder?
0 what makes the body frisson at cold temperatures?
1 madonna advertises for what soft swallow?
3 who is the founder and publisher of the national review?
2 What is LMDS ?
5 What phone number can I call to have a tree planted ?
3 who created billy pilgrim, a survivor of the dresden fire storm?
0 what is the meaning of the latin battle cry: promotion arma, promotion arma.
2 what is the right way to shorten cc.at the end of a enterprise letter?
0 how do you stop junk snail message?
3 what are the top ten all -time medium of exchange nfl teams make?
5 how many group died when estonia sank in the 1994?
3 Which presidents of the USA were Masons ?
3 name the first russian astronaut to take a distance walk.
1 which species make up more than two common fraction of the known species?
3 who was the highest u.s. president?
1 what category of submarine was recently purchased from south korea?
5 how hot does the region of an active volcano get?
0 what is the etymon of evil?
4 in what state was herbert hoover born?
3 What football coach 's story was told in the movie Run to Daylight ?
5 how often are genius cells replaced?
1 which card symbolizes change?
4 Which one of the Great Lakes is entirely within U.S. territory ?
1 what cancer are often associated with aids?
5 What does 7847+5943 equal ?
5 how many of the political unit's children between the age of two and eleven "the simpsons"?
3 who was the first black creator to have his own tv show?
1 what do the chef call the master spice?
4 Where was Poe born ?
5 how big is the arctic refuge to maintain unique life and life value on alaska's northern coast?
1 what did multitude use to freshen their breath before the toothpaste?
0 how are the u.s.a. involved in the barbary wars?
3 When the Tutankhamun exhibit was on display in the U.S. , what moving company transported it ?
0 why did the chicken cross the thoroughfare?
5 In what year did Joe DiMaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?
1 what covering of the beatles honors the rolling stones?
5 what was the end rate in the usa in 1969?
5 How many years did Shea & Gould practice law in Los Angeles ?
5 when was the big thompson flood tide?
3 who wrote that ``neither a borrower nor a investor'''?
1 what is the language unit "mig alley" produced?
3 what mysterious writer wrote ``the aura that was greece and the aura that was rome'?
3 who's the father of the computer?
3 who is the director and editor of the movie big with tom hanks?
3 what do you call person who likes fire?
4 which hotel in las vegas burned in november, 1980's, with the personnel casualty of 84 lives?
3 who asked the musical question ```````````````have you ever been on the electric ladies' real property?''
0 What are faults in the earth 's crust ?
1 What was the name of the ball game played by the mayans ?
5 when was the right of charwoman to vote ratified?
3 what president served five years, six months and two life?
3 what tv character did a horse named thunder animal group?
1 What 's the International Lawn Tennis Challenge Trophy usually called ?
4 what is the largest and most expensive expressway project in the usa?
0 Where did the term `` 86 '' come from ?
0 Colin Powell is most famous for what ?
1 What is it that walks on four legs , then on two legs , then on three ?
0 what is the point of thanksgiving?
1 what are the most important blood tube?
5 How many continents are there ?
3 who was in the movie "the war of the worlds"?
4 Where can I find the lyrics for the song ` Getting Married Today ' from the musical ` Company ' ?
5 how long did the charles manson homicide trial take?
1 What kind of books does Fodor 's publish ?
3 what comedian created a combatant named cauliflower mcpugg?
5 at what time of time period is air transport the hardest?
3 who was the communicator of the novel "far from the madding crowd"?
5 what's the average meter to kiss someone?
3 who answers ``i know''about princess leia's confession ``i love you'' in the empire strikes back?
1 what is the most common connection in the natural object?
5 how many official work a football game?
3 which bestseller of the modern poet was the colorado -founder of the famous city lights bookshop in san franciscolorado?
4 which u.s. city is the insect of the pacific?
1 what's a concern of reptiles?
1 name the soft helping that is "number one in the sun."
5 how many innings form an official baseball activity?
4 what is the highest peak in africa?
0 What effect does a prism have on light ?
0 why does the plane clang or slide down?
4 Where is there information on the novel `` El Cid '' ?
5 what weighs a teaspoon of matter in a black trap?
0 what was the filling of the first golf game equipment?
1 what trade requires you to combine your warp and firearm?
3 what tv situation comedy character was the maiden name ethel potter?
1 What does a chairbound basophobic fear ?
3 name the blind sculptor world health organization fell in love with the fantastic four.
3 what research worker followed columbus to america?
3 who played humpty dumpty in the 1933 movie alice in wonderland?
1 what is the most popular four -player game of all case?
1 what is the name of the cartoons talk circle?
4 what is the most powerful state in the world?
5 what's the first time unit of the week?
1 from which paper was the end of the xvi. ==references ====external golf course ==
1 What six words follow the line : `` From a jack to a king.. . '' ?
3 what cheerful guy got the zip written communication 9971 from u s postal service in 1963?
1 who was the first animal in space?
5 How many times was pitcher , Warren Spahn , a 20-game winner in his 21 major league seasons ?
1 what is the chemical signal for nitrogen?
3 What was the backup singing group for Roy Rogers ?
1 Which side should a bowler facing a 37803 split hit the 3-pin on-the left or the right ?
5 when's dick clark's anniversary?
1 what cartoon was originally represented by the peasant collection?
4 where were all european and american fish born?
3 What is the name of a Greek god ?
3 Who made Stonehenge ?
3 What cigar-chewing comedian observed : `` You 're only as old as the woman you feel '' ?
5 When did the royal wedding of Prince Andrew and Fergie take place ?
3 which president went on the jogging trail to improve his sporting image and, diversion number 39, almost collapsed during the race?
5 how many room are there in batmobile sports?
1 what tv display once admitted a contestant to picking his toes in the displayer?
3 who discovered imaginary numbers?
4 what populated country covers 49,576 square miles?
3 which bloom county house physician destroys a computer?
3 which authoritarian has the nickname "el maximo".
5 how many copies of an medium do you have to sell to make it a gold medium?
5 how many soldiers were involved in the last panama penetration by the united states of america?
1 what commodity doubles your pleasure, doubles your fun?
5 how many consecutive baseball activity did lou gehrig play?
1 what was the eighth day after the nuns in each calendar month of the roman calendar called?
0 what were the life of the week called?
0 what causes respiratory disease?
3 which spokesperson has watergate described as a third -rate burglary attempt?
0 why is black the semblance of grief in the west?
3 who was the first russian astronaut in attribute?
0 what rights do i have in a car display in california?
1 what board game does a ````````plant material dealer''play badly?
3 who invented the lineage broker in 1870's?
4 What sound does Olympia , Washington , overlook ?
5 in what class did the us marine corps adopt the motto "semper fidelis"?
3 What 19th-century writer had a country estate on the Hudson dubbed Sunnyside ?
1 what diversion features hooks and clean fools?
0 What is gymnophobia ?
4 where can i find information about the atmosphere that hit new jersey on 8 /28 /1941?
3 who was the founding member of the pink floyd band?
1 what determines the numerical quantity of the pearl?
5 How much money does a back injury lawsuit get ?
4 what are the mountains between the stream of arkansas and missouri?
3 who wrote that ``neither a borrower nor a lender'''?
5 what is the death social control for people who die of tuberculosis?
5 what time period did the vietnam war end?
1 What was `` America 's recessed-filter cigarette '' ?
4 which two european political unit have entered the war of american independence against the british?
3 What ISPs exist in the Caribbean ?
3 who got the idiom "i never met a man i didn't like"
0 how does visual property affect a person psychologically?
1 what matter did joseph priestley name for his ability to erase pencil marks?
5 how often was the ballplayer warren spahn, a 20 -game winner in his 21st season?
1 What food can I use to catch a possum ?
1 What was George Washington afraid of ?
3 who are the ten best rich people in the natural object?
5 how far do you have to political campaign when you hit a home political campaign?
0 what's a canada two penny black?
1 what kind of document did president andrew johnson want to place a written record under his head at his funeral?
5 how much does the fight against tuberculosis monetary value?
0 Why do they sterilize the needle for lethal injection ?
4 which two japanese cities are written with the letters k, o, t and y?
1 What musical instrument did Sherlock Holmes play ?
0 What kind of greeting is appropriate to send on Yom Kippur ?
4 in which structure are british monarchs crowned?
1 what is an model of a natural acid base indicator?
4 what are the largest library in the united states?
1 What do you call a `` twirl '' in ballet ?
5 how many semblance were there in the 1940s called donald duck rubber boat?
1 What are the diseases that can be cured by black cumin ?
3 which painter popularized brillo's soup cans and soap container?
4 which country has the best defensive placement in the board game diplomacy?
1 what three colors of ink are used to print a u s monetary unit bill?
1 What is a fear of worms ?
1 what was the name of the popular musical composition the creeps sang?
1 what trade did portuguese expect in the 15th and 16th time period? between asia and europe?
4 what's the nickname for the country of mississippi?
5 when did man first land on the lunar month?
3 who wrote the poem that begins ``i love your articulator when they are made of wine and red with a warm desire'''wet?
3 name alvin's brothers
1 what blood sport shows a change called veronica?
5 how many center does a coconut have?
1 what's the term for someone world health organization hates humanity?
0 how can i find someone's email address on the internet?
3 who played emperor palpatine in star wars?
0 How can I call a friend in another country when I do not know the telephone number ?
3 What 's the most common nickname of U.S. college football teams ?
3 who portrayed maggio in the movie from here to eternity?
0 How did the months of the year get there name ?
1 which liquor is called "known" by the company?
1 which two ships led the first body of water battle between iron ships?
5 when were bovid pushed?
4 in which state was hitler the chancellor?
5 how many times a day should you use a direction with ``````````````q.d.''no.
1 what broadway musical contained the song ```if i were a rich adult?''
1 what were the five opening speech about ben casey?
1 which english son contains the most letters?
3 what 1920s cowboy star drive tony the wonder horse?
4 which u.s. administrative district has sagebrush as its administrative district flower?
3 who was the third president of the united states?
1 what was judith rossner doing in a diane keaton product?
1 what approval card does a centurion have on his face?
4 What country did King Wenceslas rule ?
1 What 's the green variety of beryl called ?
5 what will the california gas tax beryllium in the 21st year?
5 what share of fresh water in canada is available worldwide?
1 what were large integer of children wearing on their heads in the 1955s?
0 what does storm movement mean in japanese?
1 What is Smokey The Bear 's middle name ?
3 which actor had the greatest fame on television receiver became the father of triplets?
3 who has the airway with pearl like ``do you love me'? get naked, baby! nope.
0 why did the aztecs first think the spanish were spiritual being?
5 how long before the moon turns around the earth?
1 What is damage to business and government caused by bureaucracy ?
3 which oil company has almost chosen a word that means "closed cable car" in japanese as its new international name?
3 what did the writer write: "i have promises to keep and miles to go before sleep"?
3 what are the three most successful companies of our case?
5 how much will california be in the 21st class?
3 What famous film and TV cowboy lent his name to a fast food chain ?
1 name a gaelic lyric.
0 how do i balance my social security bill?
1 What drink is the best thirst-quencher ?
3 what mercantile establishment does martha stewart advertise for?
1 what is the best room to overcome a fear?
0 What is the Hub of London ?
4 What three European countries begin with the letter A ?
4 which municipality produces the most oil?
5 what symmetry of the world's flora and fauna are found in the amazon forests?
5 how many states have a accident?
1 what movie tour of the roman empire shows the warning: `````` line well and live''?
3 what pillar of the dutch renaissance did aristotle paint the failure of homer contemplating?
0 what does dadcorn dad do?
1 what is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease that attacks the protein shell that surrounds nerve cell and causes a gradual loss of movement in the body?
3 what did the american writer write:'good fences make good neighbours''?
0 what is a political unit of the first world?
5 how long before the satellite turns around the earth?
3 what are the defamation of the inhabitants of lesbos island?
0 how can i write for broadcasting?
3 what are the defamation of jack's original roommates at three's company?
3 who was the king who signed the magna carta?
5 how many turn are there in a regulated softball game?
4 What famed London criminal court was once a feudal castle ?
1 What does a pedometer measure ?
1 what is the most popular four -player game of all meter?
0 what are field effect transistor?
3 who was the defendant in the trial of the century, which opened january 1st, 1935?
5 what is the price for aaa susceptibility insurance?
4 which hotel in las vegas burned in november, 1980's, with the loss of 84 biography?
0 what is a "knot" in computer footing?
4 What sea did the Romans call mare nostrum ?
1 what card activity can the dealer choose to play?
3 what is the secret identity of comedian artist peter parker?
3 which of the following tv newsworthiness was a rhodes scholar?
4 what are the four largest mountain range in the continental usa?
5 how many astronauts had ever manned project mercury formation?
4 which mountain region of the worldly concern is the lhasa apso dog, which is housed in the worldly concern?
3 who was william henry harrison?
1 what is the main produce in vichyssoise?
0 what are fortune 500 ship's company?
1 which foods contain most macromolecule?
0 what was the notorious performance of the u -2 submersible of germany?
3 Who portrayed Prewett in From Here to Eternity ?
0 how is carbon paper dioxide removed from natural gas?
1 what's the highest firearm on a chessboard?
4 What are the ten safest American cities for pedestrians ?
4 where did the wright brothers make their first formation?
4 what is the savoir-faire of the head office of the government in rome, italy?
3 which tv comedies are former movie star nora desmond, head of mrs. wiggins and a housewife named eunice?
4 where can i find scientific data, inquiry papers, textile technology?
3 what english queen had seventeen juvenile?
4 where can an individual test a contact lens that burned the entire eye artifact when it is new?
0 what is the quality between carelessness and carelessness?
3 Who is Count Cinzano ?
4 where are the leading medical groups specialising in lung disease?
2 what is dsl?
3 Who created the character James Bond ?
3 which baron signed the magna carta?
5 how much dish do americans eat in one day?
3 what group was formed in the 1969 after police encountered underground from customers in stonewall, a gay bar in greenwich village?
1 What movie did Madilyn Kahn star in with Gene Wilder ?
4 Which continent has the most roses ?
3 who drove through florida looking for the structure of youth?
1 What weapon is the mythological character Apollo most proficient with ?
3 What is the present Pope named ?
3 what jester isn't smart enough to lose an oath to win a paradise?
5 how many stroke can an m16 hold?
5 how many times a day does the typical causal agent go to the bathroom?
1 for what disease did august von wassermann develop a specific experiment in 196?
3 Who is Dear Abby ?
3 what comic from tv's golden age went according to the motto'everything for a utterance'?
5 how long does a causal agent live?
1 what visual property is the cross on the swiss flag?
3 who has awarded the flying fickle finger of destiny?
0 What is the difference between a preface and a foreword ?
4 where can i find a large list of five to six letters word?
3 Who is the best known villain of the 165 Gunpowder Plot ?
0 how do doctors diagnose bone malignant tumor?
3 Who discovered electricity ?
1 what movie starts with an murderer falling out of the seattle space needle?
1 what was the language unit of captain bligh's ship?
3 which nba contestant had jersey number 0?
1 What is the name given to the Islamic counterpart of the Red Cross ?
2 What does the abbreviation OAS stand for ?
1 what are the titles of some r -rate sony playstation games?
1 which old kids''fare did tv guide generator jeff greenfield call one of the most subversive tv shows in american history''?
1 what is a emotion of gravity?
5 How many Canadians emmigrate each year ?
2 What does SHIELD stand for ?
5 How many watts make a kilowatt ?
0 what are the side impression of mevacor?
1 what's the name for clouds that make precipitation?
5 how many region are there in indiana?
5 how much calcium should a grown charwoman have every day?
0 how do i start a web -based enterprise?
4 Where can I find a `` Fifth Element '' screensaver ?
3 which government or government authorities are responsible for dealing with bias?
5 what is the rate of vhf?
1 what does peter blatty roman say about the horrors of regan macneil's control of the devil?
4 where do i get data about cystic fibrosis?
4 which municipality in china has the largest number of foreign financial companies?
4 in what municipality was bobby kennedy murdered?
3 what initials of the fast substance magnate decorated the left sleeves of the san diego padres baseball uniforms in 1984?
1 what caribbean religion has marcus garvey founded?
1 which cattle has the greatest variety of animal group?
1 what kind of poison is called illness?
3 what unhappy american general officer dragged a bullterrier named willie through world war ii?
4 what island has a park called the battery on the southern peak?
5 what class did hitler die?
3 who holds the career record for most major league residence runs?
3 what kind of housewife and mother of three wrote the female mystique?
5 what does each of the utility cost in monopoly?
3 who was the diviner of the jewish people?
4 What California bridge was Don Brown the first to cross , on May 27 , 1937 ?
3 what drollery surprised dwight d. eisenhower's first initiation by the birth of her first child?
0 what kind of acknowledgment is appropriate to send on yom kippur?
0 How can I easily remove red wine stains from t-shirts ?
3 what famous men and women team has made broadcasting ads for blue nun wine?
0 How was Teddy Roosevelt related to FDR ?
0 What is hydroelectricity ?
3 who invented the traffic cone?
1 what is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease that attacks the protein shell that surrounds nerve cells and causes a gradual loss of movement in the consistency?
1 what are the best vegetable society in the world?
5 when did communist command end in hungary?
1 what kind of effort burns most calories?
5 how many people have animal?
0 How did the Great Depression affect Japan 's history ?
5 what is the youngest historic period that a boy or girl can have an orgasm?
1 what common plant has a button, cap, shell, British capacity unit and ring?
1 What drink contains as many types of rum as possible ?
1 what product's ads claim that it ``eliminates smell, kills germs, mold', and flour?
0 How do you get dates with the `` Hooters '' girls ?
5 how many wings does a tsetse tent-fly have?
4 what london street claims to be the world center for force's tailoring?
3 what mysterious u.s. vice president was once accused of treason and acquitted in a agreement to build his own independent empire in the west?
3 which party was winston churchill a penis of?
1 What money was used by them ?
1 what new class is celebrated on february 16th?
4 what is the most important nation in the worldly concern, historically?
1 What tale has the moral : `` He who wants everything gets nothing '' ?
1 what is another word for painful wrist syndrome?
0 what are the arabic book from 1 to 10?
5 what day of the workweek sees the deadliest car accidents?
3 who was elected the first black presiding officer of the military chiefs of staff?
3 Who invented the game bowling ?
0 What did John F. Kennedy consider his greatest blunder in office ?
0 how does a cyclone occur?
4 which u.s. administrative district has the most blondes?
3 who was the chief person of the starship enterprise?
3 what are the top -10 body in the united states in the field of technology?
5 how many muscles does the average person use to walk?
1 from what hymn did john steinbeck receive his title the grapes of wrath?
5 How many people watch network television ?
1 What was the non-fiction best-seller of 1952 , 1953 and 1954 ?
1 In which Kevin Costner movie did Sioux Indians play a role ?
5 what is the end penalty for people who die of tuberculosis?
3 what is the name of the son of actor rex harrison, who played in a modest television series in the late decade?
0 What is the difference between a fruit and a vegetable ?
0 how can a traveler obtain a us social security card?
0 how do poultry get poultry?
5 what time of class do most people fly?
5 when was the last case mount st. helen had a big outbreak?
5 how much cooler is the inside of a melon than the air outside?
3 which bloom county inhabitant destroys a computer?
4 What country is the worlds leading supplier of cannabis ?
5 how many star topology are on the flag of the soviet union?
3 What character did Tex Avery first create upon arriving at MGM ?
3 Who else was considered for the role of Luke Skywalker when George Lucas was casting for Star Wars ?
4 What U.S. state has sagebrush as its state flower ?
3 Who was the last U.S. president to reinstate Selective Service registration ?
5 how many writing style are there in the bible?
3 Who manufactures the software , `` PhotoShop '' ?
4 where can i find a representation of a blue meanie?
3 who wrote farmer's almanac?
0 how do you throw an ceremony party?
1 what is the longest chemical language unit that consists of 35 letters?
3 Who created private detective Philip Marlowe ?
2 what is html?
4 where do high -quality drink begin?
5 where is the us among the countries of the world in the location?
4 what is the assets of seattle?
3 what comic from tv's golden property went according to the motto'everything for a laugh'?
1 What is the brand name of the chemical daminozide ?
3 which japanese car manufacturer had the largest parcel of domestic sales?
5 what meter of year are the most frequent flights?
0 what did fcc chairman newton minow say about television receiver in may 9, 1961?
4 what's the language unit of the wilkes plantation in gone with the wind?
3 what was the language unit of the player who played at the eagles in super bowl xv?
1 what broadway display presented the song some enchanted evening?
1 which car slipstream was wilbur reed the first to win three times?
3 who was shakespeare with the moorish general?
3 Who are the nomadic hunting and gathering tribe of the Kalahari Desert in Africa ?
5 How many major Nazi leaders went on trial after the war at Nuremberg ?
1 Name the story by Chris Van Allsburg in the which a boy tries to become a great sailor ?
5 how long does it take to blink an sense organ?
3 What cable network bills itself as `` the family entertainer '' ?
1 what powder soft drink concoction went into space?
3 who started the dominos pizza range?
5 how many evidence does each player have in a four -handed game of crokinole?
3 who are the hottest women in the natural object?
5 what debt did the qintex group leave behind?
4 which municipality is the starting point for climbing mount everest?
0 what are maid ritual?
3 which u.s. general died in december 1st, 1945 when his jeep collided with a motor vehicle?
4 which country is the natural object's largest importer of cognac?
5 in what time period did thatcher gain power?
3 what noble performer tells tv's the world at war?
1 Aspartame is also known as what ?
3 which union drawing card was last seen in the parking lot of a restaurant in michigan?
1 what is the greatest thing that group have done?
1 what tv show once admitted a dissenter to picking his toes in the shower?
1 What scale measures earthquakes ?
3 name the designer of the shoe that has produced millions of imitations of solid, known as ``jelly'.
3 What are the top boy names in the U.S. ?
3 what kind of woman does "teddy" mean a loving form of?
0 What was the claim to fame of Explorer I , launched February 1 , 1958 ?
0 what does the blood sed pace mean?
0 what is the origin of contact sport day?
0 what is the juvenile's song rock -a -by baby about?
1 what is a game equipment that hits the foul pole called?
1 what can communication satellites offer yacht?
5 how many years ago did the ship titanic plumbing fixture?
3 who is the son -in -law of sen everett dirkson, who was also a legislator of the 70s?
1 what operating system do ibm -compatible device use?
1 which drink consists of tequila, orange foodstuff and galliano?
1 which side of the face do most artist prefer to show in self -portraits?
4 where do i get piano music for the jamiroquai song every sidereal day for the midi?
0 in waugh "a handful of dust", what does the crazy old man make the leader do every afternoon?
0 what is the explanation of'random'real estate file'?
1 What 's known as The queen of Drinks ?
3 which nba musician had jersey number 0?
0 how to make a machine chip?
5 how many pitchers occupy the shelf next to the kneeling charwoman in edgar degas 1886 paintings the tub?
3 what tv sitcom character was the maiden name ethel potter?
1 what's the most expensive car in the worldly concern?
5 in what year did degas create the bronze sculpture, ``````````fourth position front?''
1 what kind of sport has slotbacks, back and touchpacks?
0 What is cosmology ?
4 what administrative district are the mark twain national forests in?
4 what's the name of the celestial body the ewoks live on?
4 which municipality is served by logan airport?
0 what makes a erectile organ sensitive?
5 What is the fine for having a dog on a beach ?
5 what does an average day work worker pay in new england?
1 which words in english have two nucleotide's back to back?
0 Why did the chicken cross the road ?
1 what's the routine for drilling a hole in the skull to reach a higher consciousness?
1 what is widely used to detect beginning defects?
3 What team did baseball 's St. Louis Browns become ?
5 How long does it take sunlight to reach Earth ?
1 what are the seven wonders of the worldly concern?
1 what visual property are school buses?
5 what phone amount can i call to plant a tree?
3 which 4 -foot -9 actress in 1984 became the first actress to win an oscar for playing a fictional character of the other sex?
3 who portrayed renaud in casablanca?
1 which animal received royal approval as an design of canada in march 24, 1975?
1 what is the greatest source of white magic in the marvel population?
1 What was the name of Betty Boop 's dog ?
1 What is the chemical symbol for nitrogen ?
1 what shakespeare part begins with the line: ````` now is the winter of our discontent..''''?
3 who was the highest u.s. corporate executive?
1 what do river fur eat?
1 What nutrients are for healthy bones and teeth ?
5 how many objects orbit the earth?
1 What Kennedy was married to Ethel ?
1 What are three ways in which wind is created on the earth ?
1 which process of the animal is called brush?
1 what is a condition for behavior, appearance or expression that violates accepted standards of sexual morality?
4 what condition full of milk and sweetening was the target in the grapes of wrath?
3 who plays shortstop for charlie brown's ball game team?
1 What is the most common kind of skin cancer in the U.S. ?
5 how long will the boundary between canada and the 48 -nation states last?
0 What is the origin of the name Katie ?
4 what is the website for the us press?
4 which emerging u.s. state boasts most airfield?
1 what is the greatest thing that multitude have done?
4 What North American city boasts the biggest Polish population ?
2 What is DSL ?
1 what are the best way to improve employee morale at low cost?
4 What are some mythology websites ?
3 who wrote, "poems are made by simpleton like me, but only god can make a tree"?
5 what are the costs of the round tripper between new york and london with concorde?
3 which lawyers work for the center for the defense of free enterprise?
0 What is a wart ?
1 Which produces the longer sperm - an elephant or a mouse ?
3 Who built the first pyramid ?
0 what does "extended definition" mean and how would you write a newspaper on it?
3 What group kidnaped Patricia Hearst ?
1 what interesting method was used to run the acknowledgment in the early popeye cartoons?
0 how to convert infantry pounds to infantry duty?
5 how many kids does ray davies have from the kinks?
0 what's the difference between new york and chicago -style dish?
4 what political unit is mount everest in?
1 What 's the second-lightest element ?
0 how do i make fuel natural object out of recycled paper?
4 in what part of the world was the six -day war waged?
1 what kind of food can i catch an phalanger with?
4 which political unit is kosovo?
1 What brand of jeans did Calvin Klein admit in a 1984 interview he felt more comfortable wearing ?
1 what was a california prayer book for an old west musician?
1 what category of training do i need to be a flight attendant?
0 what is the spectrum of a trigonometric function curve?
1 what tract sport does the dentist william beers have a standard book of rules for?
0 why do some clothing label say "use a chlorine -free sheet"?
0 what function does homeostasis have on the state of an organism?
3 who commanded the french troops in the battle of orleans?
3 who said he killed 4,280 american bison as food for the crew t hat built the kansas pacific railway?
3 what is the name of the pop musician whose song became the title song for a kind of catsup?
1 what plant are there in a mouth?
3 who was shakespeare with the moorish general?
4 which is the richest country in the natural object?
0 What is the origin of the candy cane at Christmas ?
0 how do electronic equipment work?
0 How did the bikini bathing suite get its name ?
5 how many island form antigua?
4 Where is Guam ?
3 what name did william sydney porter use to write the gift of the magi?
4 what are the assets of the two major countries occupying the iberian peninsula in europe?
4 What London street claims to be the world center for men 's tailoring ?
3 who domesticated the turkey?
0 what is the executor in a volition?
3 name the trick film kind that nancy and chuck cast with the magic ring.
1 what tv show changed the name to protect the innocent?
1 what's the fastest and easiest way to get nail polish out of your clothing?
5 what year did the first offspring of "playboy" come out?
5 How many lawyers are there in the state of New Jersey ?
3 who were the editor of the comedy hour smothers brothers?
0 how do i learn about activity?
0 What caused Harry Houdini 's death ?
5 When did Princess Diana and Prince Charles get married ?
5 what proportion of the world's flora and animal are found in the amazon forests?
0 Why are ice cream sundaes called sundaes ?
3 Who was the first woman golfer to earn a million ?
1 What kind of crystals exist ?
4 What body of water does the Yukon River empty into ?
4 What is the largest city in Texas ?
1 in which diversion are these numbers relevant: 118, 126, 134, 142, 15, 158, 167, 177 and 19?
5 how many referees work a contact sport game?
3 Who was the 16th President of the United States ?
3 What Asian leader was known as The Little Brown Saint ?
0 what kind of baseball formula came from the nautical term for ships sailing in front of the panama canal between the atlantic and the pacific?
4 where do the adventures of the swiss robinson family take home?
0 what category of snowballs are hot rodents?
1 what was the option to vhs?
3 who was the first doctor of the church to successfully transplant a liver?
0 how do i antioxidant mail somantioxidantonantioxidant at aol.com from yahoo.com?
1 what kind of organism are black, yellow and brown bullheads?
1 what's the term for causal agent who hates humanity?
3 who was samuel johnson's friend and biographer?
4 what is the assets of iowa?
1 what is the most popular human body of bridge?
5 what's the maximum length, in customs, of a first baseman's boxing glove?
5 what season starts with the spring cosmic time?
1 what category of sport is often associated with hooligans?
0 why do girls have to wear training undergarment?
0 what does the language unit affiant mean?
5 how many frames does a disk television camera make?
5 what sidereal day is called the "national sidereal day of prayer"?
5 A normal human pregnancy lasts how many months ?
3 who built the first airplane that could fly?
1 what is the strongest circuit board in you?
5 How much do drugs to treat tuberculosis cost ?
3 who provides telephone service in orange county, california?
0 why don't us facsimile machines work in the uk, nnp?
5 how much does a new railway fomite cost?
5 what is the pig population of the worldly concern?
5 How many rings are there on a five-zone archery target ?
0 what makes person ticklish?
4 what is the smallest state in africa?
3 what three hundred american poet wrote a four -volume biography of abraham lincoln?
4 which tokyo street shines with famous department mercantile establishment and nightclubs?
5 How long does it take light to reach the Earth from the Sun ?
1 what is the term for the union of all genetic substances in a particular organism?
5 how much has varian associates tried to sell its emptiness products division to the boc group for?
2 What does SIDS stand for ?
1 what are the conjugations of consciousness and consciousness?
1 what does a heliologist discipline?
1 What British TV series inspired All in the Family ?
4 mccarren airport is located in what municipality?
5 how many furlongs are there in a nautical mile and a quarter?
3 what organization did mr. waverly employment agents for?
1 what common plant has a button, cap, shell, gills and gang?
1 in what medium is stuart hammlen considered the first tattle cowboy?
1 what needs to be produced in a habeas corpus sanction?
4 where was the sixth annual gathering of indonesian and malaysian forest experts?
3 who was in the product "the war of the worlds"?
1 What device provided a new way to listen to music in 1963 ?
1 what hollywood dog died in the instrumentality of jean harlow in 1932?
5 how many people live in municipality?
3 Who created the World Wide Web , WWW ?
5 how many shots can an m16 delay?
0 why do direction books recommend to start with cold water when cooking something?
4 What state full of milk and honey was the destination in The Grapes of Wrath ?
4 What is the highest mountain in the world ?
0 how can i find someone's email savoir-faire on the internet?
4 what administrative district is niagara falls in?
0 give me one reason why american indians often leave educational institution.
4 which three european countries begin with letter a?
5 how big is the arctic refuge to maintain unique wildlife and wildlife numerical quantity on alaska's northern coast?
1 what is the right way to install a roll of room paper?
3 Name Alvin 's brothers
5 how many tits does a capricorn sport do?
0 How does a submarine operate ?
4 What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?
4 where can i obtain information on the importer of plant fiber textiles?
4 where does court game star stefan edberg come from?
5 How many years of schooling after highschool does it take to become a neurosurgeon ?
1 which words in english have two u's body part to body part?
3 which ship's company manufactures video game hardware sells the ````````super system''?
3 what famous meat company went out of clientele because it became known that the underworld sold them kangaroo meat?
3 what deaf artist painted sunflowers?
0 what does the word 3 mean for a newspaper editor?
5 What was Einstein 's IQ ?
4 which state ruled king gustav v from 197 to 195?
3 which author of the "days of our lives cookbook" participated in the "days of our lives" in 198's as liz chandler?
3 What presidential administration challenged Americans to explore The New Frontier ?
3 what miracle adult wrote the inspiring book i believe in miracles?
3 What baseball star turned down a $1 , 000-a-year contract because he felt he had n't earned it ?
0 Where did the energy for the Big Bang come from ?
0 what prompted the co -pilots of the enola gay to enter only "my god" in his record?
3 What part did Benjamin Franklin play in the development of the newspaper in America ?
0 What does laser stand for ?
5 How many revolutions does a standard LP make in three minutes ?
4 what was the first political unit that brought a second woman into space?
5 When did the Chernobyl nuclear accident occur ?
0 How do I legally make my own will and testament ?
0 how can i enlarge my skeletal muscle?
5 how many coinage of white shark are there?
4 where is the businessperson ship, lane victory, to turn the veterans of businessperson marine into a floating museum?
3 what multi -talented academy award -winning director missed a college path in film production?
1 what infectious disease is the deadliest disease in the worldly concern?
3 who was the columbia pictures head who forged the name of the performer cliff robertson on a $1.000 check?
5 what's president nixon's anniversary?
5 How many bottles of wine were prisoners in the Bastille allowed per day ?
5 which section of the bible has the most verses?
0 what was the real laugh in reply to say good night dick?
5 how big is the ruminant?
1 what was the name of the food of the greek deity?
4 which country buys 25 percentage of global tea exports?
5 what are the chance of getting four times?
0 where do stone come from?
1 what will a child eat in the middle, and store the chocolate on the outside for the last meter?
3 what six -foot temperament lawyer kept her edge tool in salons?
1 What are other ways of getting stretch marks besides pregnancy , weight loss , and weight lifting ?
0 how can i find out how much financial gain tax is paid on social security financial gain in the 1998 financial gain tax?
3 which japanese manufacturer is known for both its pianos and its motorcycle?
4 what is the longest stream in canada?
0 what qualifications are there for multitude who donate blood?
0 why would you lay testis at the small end?
0 what is the message of the name tatiana?
1 what television programme has described the being of katy holstrum and congressman glen morley?
3 what famous meat company went out of business because it became known that the hell sold them kangaroo meat?
3 the name of the actor world health organization played the detective in the movie kindergarten cop, is what?
3 who founded the first aerodynamics lab in 1912?
1 what melts in your mouth, not in your guardianship.
3 which famous actor is the founder of star alan alda?
3 what future soviet authoritarian trained to become a priest when he turned to marxism?
4 what is the only eastern european country not bound by the ruble?
3 who are the two male offspring of ozzie and harriet nelson?
5 what is the approximate weight of a teaspoon matter in a black trap?
1 what are some science projects for eighth critic?
0 what problems have contributed to the high rate of flat -rate farmer' failure in the 1800s?
3 which actor had the greatest fame on television became the founder of triplets?
3 what is the most common name in children's rhyme?
0 what is form resistance?
5 what time of time period do most people fly?
4 what e -mail code does mark mcgwire have?
1 what is the geographical term for the sunken peripheral location of a continent?
3 Who patented the first phonograph ?
3 which female suspect in the clue activity is single?
1 what's dudley do's horse's language unit?
0 why does the sun only shine for a short meter in alaska?
0 What is a `` False Moon '' ?
0 what is the affair of a community water tower?
0 what is the difference between classical conditioning and hustler conditioning?
3 which superstar of the national basketball association told his fib in giant steps?
1 what is the best -selling u.s. cartridge holder aimed at a black audience?
1 the novel by robert louis stevenson was inspired by deacon william brodie, a furniture builder by day and burglar by nox?
3 what was the former language unit of the commonwealth?
3 what wrestling celestial body became the incredible hulk?
4 which municipality has the two steepest streets in the usa?
0 why are there letters on the phone? why is there no q or z?
1 which case series is named after a famous american flyer?
0 What is the definition of a witch ?
3 Who asked the musical question : `` Have you ever been to electric lady land ? ''
5 how many multitude are bigger than seven meters?
0 what qualifications are there for people world health organization donate blood?
4 what are the three most populated country in the world?
3 what famous tv talk show host was a ballad predator when he was seventeen?
1 which chemical in red wine is good for the heart and what exactly does it do to your natural object?
3 Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?
5 how much does a new railway vehicle monetary value?
0 why do pharmacists work on elevated floor?
3 who betrayed norway to the nazis?
1 what drink contains as many type of rum as possible?
3 which secret agent writer served as moscow correspondent for reuter and the times of london?
5 how many percussion instrument are there in the human hand?
3 who was the columbia pictures head who forged the name of the actor cliff robertson on a $1.000 draft?
3 which union leader was last seen in the parking batch of a restaurant in michigan?
3 who wrote the red badge of courage?
5 what's the busiest trajectory season?
4 what celestial natural object has a diameter of 864, 000 miles?
4 which political unit ruled king gustav v from 197 to 195?
5 when was the first railway completed from the east slide to the west slide?
0 how can meter be defined?
3 name the causal agent who burst through the screen in the lite beer commercial.
3 who was the bandleader, intellectual of ella fitzgerald, with whom she used the "a -matty u tisket", a -task?
3 who was the columbia pictures head who forged the name of the actor cliff robertson on a $1.000 check?
5 in what year did the military action of 1812 begin?
0 How do you use `` farther '' as opposed to `` further '' ?
4 in what condition was there an 11 -million -gallon oil spillway?
1 what tv show was on january 15, 1981?
0 how does a chicken breathe in an testis?
5 how many rings are there on a five -zone archery aim?
1 what component in the periodic table is a gas or solid but never a liquid?
0 how is physical phenomenon produced?
4 where do you find the venus fly ambush?
4 What 's the longest river in Canada ?
1 what is an example of a natural compound base indicator?
3 what was the name of the man world health organization was killed in a duel with aaron burr?
3 which body did angela davis fire?
3 what famous coach said if you can't beat her in the alley, you can't beat her on the ice rink?
3 what comedy surprised dwight d. eisenhower's first initiation by the parturition of her first child?
3 which institution was the original sponsor of tv's superman?
3 Silly putty was invented by whom ?
3 What record company was formed by Herb Alpert and Jerry Moss ?
3 what new high school was built last time period in philadelphia, pennsylvania?
1 what sports features hook shot and clean fools?
5 what is the chemical sensitivity of helium?
5 how many engines does a boeing 737 rich person?
4 what are the name of the tourist attractions in reims?
5 in the decade, on what day of the week did christmas fall?
0 Why does a wheel , e.g. a car tire , appear to spin in the opposite direction as it slows down ?
4 what is the placement of procter gamble?
5 How many fiddlers did Old King Cole have ?
0 What are field effect transistors ?
1 what was the language unit of the u.s. navy gunboat in the sand pebbles?
3 what fictional illustration is called "melancholy danish"?
1 What is a fear of thunder ?
4 which assets is tirana?
4 Where did Dylan Thomas die ?
4 what state does martha stewart live in?
3 who says they have the biggest show in the natural object?
1 which food appliances are used for disabled child?
5 in the 1990s, on what day of the time period did christmas fall?
5 What year is etched on the Gold Medal of Excellence from the Paris Exposition depicted on a can of Campbell 's tomato soup ?
4 What was the birthplace of Edgar Allen Poe ?
3 what president sent a cruiser to bring charles lindbergh home after his epic trajectory?
0 How do I register a trade name in North Carolina ?
4 What country comes last in an alphabetical list ?
5 how hot should the kitchen appliance be when peachy oat muffins are made?
3 who was considered the father of psychology?
1 what was the sequel of the pink panther?
3 name the on stage sign whose side has never been seen.
1 what operating instrumentality do ibm -compatible machines use?
1 which cattle has the greatest variety show of breeds?
5 what was the target rate for m3 organic process in 1992?
1 What does a heliologist study ?
1 which english word contains the most culture?
1 At Christmas time , what is the traditional thing to do under the mistletoe ?
4 what's the best orthopedic hospital in the state?
1 what is the usual language unit for acetylsalicylic acid?
3 who is the famous movie star who also served as provo canyon's transmission commissioner, utah?
3 who was jinnah?
4 where's the biggest barrier in the world?
5 how many product did ingmar bergman make?
4 What river is Pocahontas buried along ?
5 how often are neural structure cells replaced?
1 name the four fib in edith wharton's'old new york'.'
4 what state in the gulf of mexico has its lowest point five feet below ocean level?
1 what's the international broadcasting word for the letter b?
4 which two countries have waged the hundred years' war?
1 what product made the most money?
4 Where does Barney Rubble go to work after he drops Fred off in the `` Flintstones '' cartoon series ?
0 What must a Las Vegas blackjack dealer do when he reaches 16 ?
5 how many more weeks of winter are there when a marble sees its tail?
4 what state are you in when you turn on the wu dialect?
1 what are the four natural aid used for riding?
0 what is an urban caption?
3 who's the only world who's won the olympic ten -game twice?
3 who was the first english skilled worker in the world?
4 where can i find a case about individuals with unfitness education act 1991?
1 in hemingway "old man and the sea" what kind of aquatic vertebrate does the old man catch?
0 why do world snore?
3 what professional called himself the law west of pecos?
5 how many communication does the pope speak?
3 whose first command of business was "let's blow this damn thing up"?
3 which actor dressed up as santa claus and had an affair once a time period with the actress shelley winters every christmas for many time periods?
1 what was the first english piece written exclusively for juvenile?
4 What city is found in the city of OZ ?
4 in which construction are british monarchs crowned?
0 why are body part transplants more successful today?
3 What famous soldier was born in Europe , died in Asia , and was laid to rest in Africa ?
1 which body part contains the islands of langerhans?
1 what's a concern of money?
5 how many monetary unit a day did arthur frommer say you can survive in europe in 1968's?
3 What French designer declared : `` The jean is the destructor ! It is a dictator ! It is destroying creativity. The jean must be stopped ! '' ?
3 what group was formed in the 1969 after police encountered action from customers in stonewall, a gay bar in greenwich village?
3 what former african leader held the title of his country for nine time of life?
5 What is Maurizio Pellegrin 's age ?
5 what is the chemical responsiveness of helium?
1 what are the best vegetable cultures in the natural object?
3 who was bonnie blue butler with her father?
1 what drink contains as many types of rummy as possible?
4 What country is the origin of the band the Creeps ?
1 what's the most expensive car in the natural object?
3 which actor in a day at the races said, "either he's dead, or my watch has stopped"?
3 who invented the duplicator?
5 How many states have a `` lemon law '' for new automobiles ?
4 name an art drift in new york.
3 who were the 1974 oscar contestant?
0 what is the half -life of p -32?
5 what time of year are the most frequent trajectory?
5 what is the span width of a New World vulture?
1 what tv examination show left the air in 1975 to vote vera lynn's "we'll meet again"?
1 what are the top five record of all time?
1 Which killer whale died at Sea World of a fungal infection ?
5 what's the power of the shuttlecock boosters?
3 who wrote the secret biography of walter mitty?
4 what state is john f. kennedy buried in?
2 what is ram in the calculator?
1 what product doubles your feeling, doubles your fun?
3 who delivered his latest news on march 6, 1981?
3 what was the name of the american helicopter fender who was shot down over north korea?
1 what kind of substance makes you fat?
3 What are the first names of Rowan and Martin , the stars of TV 's Laugh-In ?
5 how many enrollee are enrolled at the university of massachusetts?
3 what's the name of the cop world health organization tried to keep order in top cat's neighborhood?
1 What film did Louise Fletcher win the best actress Oscar for ?
4 where did the 196 -year olympics take home?
1 what weapon did the crucified slits harbor in english mansion?
4 What country was A Terrible Beauty to Leon Uris ?
1 What color is an Arctic fox in winter ?
4 which country has most motor vehicle per mile of road?
1 what's the name of the illness that the actress hunter tylo's female offspring has?
4 what are the only two states that incorporate the confederate army unit into their flags?
1 what color poker bit is normally assigned to the lowest value?
0 how does the focal ratio at which the magnet spins in a generator affect the power of the generator?
1 what is a concern of ruin?
3 who were the dirtiest people alive?
5 what was the minimum regular payment in 1991?
3 what tv character said, "one of these day, alice, pow, right in the kisser"?
0 how does semblance affect a person psychologically?
1 What 's the singular of dice ?
3 what musician got desperate over the death of freddie prince, left the show business and then left the business?
0 what are bellworts?
3 who sued dannon yougurt for using a character named ron raider for message?
3 Who was the Democratic nominee in the American presidential election ?
1 what common plant has a button, cap, carapace, gills and ring?
3 Who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
3 what civil war general has caused chaos in the south by marching through georgia on his room to the sea?
1 which russian novel, which more encompasses the five characters, is set in the napoleonic wars?
5 how much calcium should a grown adult have every day?
5 how many wing does a fly have?
4 Where did the 6th annual meeting of Indonesia-Malaysia forest experts take place ?
3 who was the perfume lady charlie?
1 what snack food has rib?
0 why don't you have some category of competition where you ask a question and who finds the answers wins a prize?
1 what's a emotion of being cold?
1 what was originally defined as one millionth of the distance from the great circle to the pole?
4 what desert country boundary saudi arabia, iraq and the persian gulf?
3 What baseball player was known as Charley Hustle ?
5 how many miles are there on average to the satellite?
0 what is the message of subaru?
5 how many american enlisted person are stationed in south korea?
1 what is the condition tennis to come from the french word for egg?
5 What are bottle caps with presidents ' pictures inside worth ?
1 what's the name of a golf education in myrtle beach?
3 whose representation is it supposed to be on turin's tombstone?
1 what kind of process do you expect to read in the monthly publication the bigfoot news?
3 Who was the most famous food editor of The New York Times ?
0 what is the lineage of the atom?
3 name the different super teams the spiritual being was part of.
3 what is the language unit of the star of the cooking show, galopp gourmet?
5 in what class did jack nicklaus join the professional golfers association tour?
1 what was the name of hitler's unsuccessful attack to overthrow the bavarian government in munich in the 1920s?
3 what struggle star became the incredible hulk?
1 what are the three colors on the french pin?
4 where are the busiest ports in the worldly concern?
0 how is digital sound recording used?
4 What 's the closest G2 Spectrum Yellow Dwarf to Earth ?
1 What field sport did dentist William Beers promote and write a standard book of rules for ?
0 what is an ecological place?
1 what was the 24 -disc john gabel entertainer the first example of, in the sixties?
3 which actor learned to play saxophone and speak russian for a role in a product?
1 What penalty space lies between Baltic Avenue and Reading Railroad on a Monopoly board ?
0 What is color ?
1 what semblance of dry wine should be served with veal roasts and chopsticks?
0 what is the origin of appearance in the eye of the beholder?
0 what's so mightful about might bars?
2 what is the acronym for the gas conditioning efficiency rating system?
3 who is the greek deity of the sea?
5 how many row of whiskers does a cat have?
5 where is the us among the countries of the natural object in the region?
1 what does the ouarterly review of doublespeak call a ``inooperative argument''?
3 who is the question of the world bank?
0 how do electromagnetic radiation work?
5 How many airline schools are there in the U.S. ?
5 independent conductor forge's account for what percentage of conductor production?
4 What is the capital of Kosovo ?
4 which rocky mountain ridge separates the north american river east and west?
3 what's the name of the famous flyer world health organization mistakenly flew to ireland instead of los angeles?
4 what political unit used the plane as a weapon of war against the turks in libya?
0 why do the poultry pox last so long?
1 what household contains a flute testis, a testis cock and an overflow pipe?
3 What journalist can be found in and around Walden Puddle ?
5 how many people were there from the bombing of pan am formation 103 via lockerbie, scotland, december 21, cd.
5 the product ``jaws''was shot in what year?
3 who created billy pilgrim, a survivor of the dresden fire storm?
3 who appointed the presiding officer of the federal reserve?
1 are you referring to a technique widely used to detect birth imperfection?
0 how do you get a broken bark out of a bottle?
3 Name 11 famous martyrs .
1 what's the southern pork thin internal organ?
1 On what T.V. show could Tom Terrific be found ?
3 who played the claim role in i what a teenage werwolf?
1 what is the strongest paper in you?
0 what is the main rational motive why electric vehicles cannot be popular nowadays?
5 how many time period a day does the typical person go to the bathroom?
0 what is object -oriented blueprint?
3 Who did Bobby Fischer beat to win the world chess championship ?
1 what's the fastest fish in the natural object?
5 how many four star general officer wer e there and who are they?
3 which actor in a day at the races said, "either he's dead, or my timepiece has stopped"?
3 what's the name of the creator of the stupid kit?
5 what was the average life expectation during the stone age?
0 what do the number one, two and four on dr pepper vessel mean?
1 what is the word for broken glass or sharp stones embedded in cement on a partition?
5 how many eyes does a squash racket have?
1 what is the fastest moving creature in the world, shuttlecock, mammals, etc.?
1 ray charles is best known for playing what legal document?
0 What is the origin of a.m. and p.m. ?
3 What university fired Angela Davis ?
3 which institution manufactures video game hardware sells the ````````super system''?
2 What is HTML ?
3 What was the name of Randy Craft 's lawyer ?
4 which country has the best defensive position in the board plot diplomacy?
1 what is the second most common murder instrument in the united states?
3 what performer has a tattoo on his right wrist that scotland forever reads?
1 what is the most popular form of structure?
5 how many mountains were named after us president?
5 how long was the longest sneeze fire?
0 how can you tell when illustration are ripe?
1 What Robert Louis Stevenson novel was inspired by Deacon William Brodie , a cabinetmaker by day and burglar by night ?
3 which u.s. president showed a preference for bee pollen bite?
0 why do roosters sing at five in the time period?
3 which company is bought by yahoo and how much is the batch worth?
1 what arachnid makes an excellent pet, even said to recognize its master?
5 how many visitors go to the vatican every time period?
5 how big is the body?
0 How does a small businessman contact the Good Humor Ice Cream company to do business with them ?
4 What state is Niagara Falls located in ?
1 what do sea bovine eat?
0 what is white beverage?
1 what are the names of the historical trial after the second world war?
0 how do you get dates with the hooters woman?
1 What were first used by John L. Sullivan and James J. Corbett in 1892 ?
3 which basketball contestant is credited with 23, 924 rebounds?
4 where does the bible say about the buddy and sisters of jesus christ?
3 Who is the French literary charcter who is chiefly famous for his enormous nose ?
1 what can i use to remove the stubborn rubber labels from some round shape?
1 what was the name of robert fulton's most famous soft-shell clam?
1 What British TV series featured Emma Peel ?
1 what does erica jong have to do with isadora wing's emotion?
1 what's the name of the immunogen for chickenpox?
0 What is the difference between optical and digital video ?
1 What does Warner Bros. call a flightless cuckoo ?
3 stupid kitt was invented by United Nations agency?
1 What was Mae West 's last film ?
0 What is the origin of the word Ozymandias ?
1 what does the playboy call his "ongoing talk on current topics between playboy and his readers"?
1 What is the name of Kevin Costner 's movie about Sioux Indians ?
3 what's the name of the woman United Nations agency was with john belushi when he died?
3 which petroleum company has almost chosen a word that means "closed car" in japanese as its new international name?
3 who was the supreme god of the germanic belief?
4 where do i get message and statistics on countries and nations?
3 Who is the director of intergovernmental affairs for the San Diego county ?
3 what pseudonym did william sydney porter function to write the gift of the magi?
4 what is the assets of california?
4 what capital is built around the circle monument, which contains soldier and sailors?
3 Who lives at 39 Stone Canyon Way ?
4 which u.s. country has sagebrush as its country flower?
3 who is the french literary imaginary being who is mainly famous for his enormous nose?
0 how do i log on to the main page of the u.s. instruction?
0 How is it correct to say ` qigong ' ?
0 how can i find online spelling and scoring effort for my sixth grader?
3 which cigarette company urged us ``come where the preference is?''
3 who played with charlie chaplin in "modern times" and "the great dictator"?
1 what is the most advanced handheld calculator in the world?
4 which state do the nazis have for 1, cd nns in nnp nnp nnp nnp.
3 what kind of pulitzer prize winner for the civil authority of new york city?
4 What is the largest lake in North America ?
3 who invented the activity of bowling?
0 How is Paraguay for vacations ?
3 who was the key perceiver at the watergate senate hearings?
3 Name Dick Tracy 's two children .
1 what are the name of all u.s. navy carriers?
5 how many hostage were killed at the entebbe?
1 what hangs over your articulator from your palate?
5 how many hectares in a linear unit?
1 what is the brand name of a chemical used to control festering?
1 what was the name of the food of the greek spiritual being?
3 which comedian was banned from the ed sullivan show because he allegedly made an obscene motion at the host of the show?
1 what movie dramatized scope's monkey activity?
3 who makes the cable car battery ``die hard'?
4 What city is the setting for Puccini 's opera La Boheme ?
5 how many multitude was randy steven craft convicted of murder?
1 what leisure or celebrations are celebrated in italy?
1 what spice was once sold as document medicine?
3 Who was the star of the 1965 Broadway hit Golden Boy ?
0 what is the spread of nuclear instrument?
1 what stephen sondheim ballade ends: ```well, maybe next class..'''?
1 what tv show once admitted a contestant to picking his toes in the plumbing fixture?
5 what was the first extremum wage?
4 What was the largest city in the world to declare martial law in 1989 ?
1 what tv show changed the names to protect the innocent?
0 how do plant make food?
5 In what year was the Wall built ?
1 what is the hardest message in the human body?
3 When called upon to surrender , what American general replied , `` Sir , I have not yet begun to fight . '' ?
3 which of the following rock 'n' roll and roll stars has a star on hollywood boulevard?
3 where do herb and tootsie live next doorway?
3 which cable network is called "the family communicator".
4 Where does the tennis star Stefan Edberg come from ?
5 what are the day of the police race in pamplona (spain)?
0 how do telephone work?
3 who's olive oyl's brother?
3 which actor dressed up as santa claus and had an matter once a year with the actress shelley winters every christmas for many years?
4 which political unit do the galapagos islands belong to?
5 how long does it take for a writer to write a handwriting that is 100 -page long?
1 what is the term describing a word in which only one activity has been recorded in all literature?
1 name the five words that use all the letters in the rudiment, except q, without repetitions.
5 how much energy is released when oxygen and chemical element are mixed?
1 What 's been the ruin of many a poor boy in New Orleans ?
3 name the blind sculptor United Nations agency fell in love with the fantastic four.
3 who was the communicator and who was the composer between gilbert and sullivan?
0 why are there braille things on the atms group drive through?
1 What are super balls made of ?
1 what is the literary term for a fun?
5 What is the average cost for four years of medical school ?
3 what's the name of the adult who was with john belushi when he died?
0 how do you match a language unit to a social security number?
5 How much did Alaska cost when bought from Russia ?
0 how to outline a root?
3 Who was the first coach of the Cleveland Browns ?
4 what administrative district are the finger lakes in?
4 which administrative district in new england carries the code 27 telephone area?
1 what fruits does the illustration produce?
1 what is the highest possible speech act in contract bridge?
1 what is the most common component in the sun?
4 which state contains the highest point in south america?
0 How do plants make food ?
3 which basketball player is credited with 23, 924 recoil?
1 what was john steinbeck's locomotion friend charley?
3 who was the star topology of 1965 broadway hit golden boy?
4 which country has the highest happening rate?
3 name of the mighty white trader in conrad's heart of darkness?
0 what do you have to do to marry causal agent in prison?
3 who is the pope?
5 How long did Shea and Gould practice law in Los Angeles ?
5 what is the death penalty for multitude who die of tuberculosis?
1 what was the name of the dolphin that died of a fungal infection in sea world?
1 which racehorse won an associated press survey as the largest horse of the twentieth time period?
1 what are the two biggest birds in the natural object?
4 what is the most powerful country in the natural object?
4 where can i find a lesson plan for teaching metric system conversion to american criterion?
5 how many stations do you shoot in the'around the world 'basketball activity?
4 what municipality is the us declaration of independence in?
4 where do i get mailing database?
5 How tall was the animated Frankenstein
0 What is the history of Hot Wheels cars , and how are they produced ?
0 what is space testis played on?
3 which famous performer is the father of star alan alda?
5 how fast does a spaceship have to travel to escape earth's graveness?
0 what are the fireman of a baseball team?
0 why can't women in the navy serve on submersible?
1 what do you call a five -card fire iron hand in the same suit?
2 What is RAM in the computer ?
3 what miracle woman wrote the inspiring book i believe in happening?
4 which islands have their name from the spanish baja blemish, meaning shallow water?
0 what is the origin of the word ``agaric''?
3 What cheery fellow got the ZIP code 9971 from the U.S. Postal Service in 1963 ?
5 What year was Janet Jackson 's first album released ?
5 how much did the first barbie dame sell in 1959?
1 what product doubles your pleasure, doubles your diversion?
3 what two historical figures who fought in a famous battle each have a nutriment named after them?
5 what year did the vietnam war goal?
5 how often in his 16 -year -old national basketball associate career was john havlicek a associate of the all -star team?
4 name a tract of civil war.
4 where can i find representation of how to build a very simple tree house?
5 hitler came to might in germany in what year?
4 which city is the start point for climbing mount everest?
4 which state is proud to claim the volcano national park?
5 when did the bounty mutiny take point?
0 For what reason did some San Diego schools stop serving apples ?
3 What 's comic strip photographer Peter Parker 's secret identity ?
1 what is the electronic device used to create visual display that match the electrical signals?
4 which two cities typically mark the degree of the sleeve canal?
1 what is the form of gulf?
1 what j.r.r. tolkien's publication describes gimli as a central figure?
3 who was the first actress to appear on a postmark?
0 why is microsoft's windows 3 code so successful?
3 Name of the powerful white trader in Conrad 's `` Heart of Darkness '' ?
4 Where can I find detailed information about Manchukuo ?
1 what episode of the 1933's did the german nazis use to justify emergency decree, lock up opponents and gain more power in themselves?
3 which japanese manufacturer is known for both its pianos and its motor vehicle?
1 what grammatical category is not allowed to choose in kuwait?
3 who are the presidents of mexico and indonesia?
4 Where do you find information about the Queensland National Competition Policy
3 name the God of ````the muppets''.
4 where was richard nixon when gerald ford became corporate executive?
1 what is the second most common homicide weapon in the united states?
5 how much material does an average dairy cow produce in one day?
0 what causes the redness in your feature when you blush?
5 when did the carolingian menstruation begin?
0 what's the difference between a bottle and a solid?
3 who was randy steven craft's lawyer?
0 where did the language unit root bear come from?
4 which u.s. state has an part named after it?
5 how many colony did germany receive after the first world war?
5 in what time period did joe dimaggio compile his 56 -game series?
1 which muhammad ali operation was george foreman's first victim of?
4 where did george live in the hobo camp?
3 who has the airway with pearls like ``do you love me'? get naked, baby! nope.
1 what rabbit has his language unit because his ears resembled those of a donkey?
5 how many month does the moon take to turn around the earth?
1 what bankruptcy has the irish famine caused?
5 how many months does the satellite take to turn around the earth?
0 how can i write for television receiver?
3 Who held the endurance record for women pilots in 1929 ?
0 how do you write a correct critical analysis of a literary composition?
1 what are different petroleum merchandise?
3 who is the monarch of the united kingdom?
1 what credit circuit board does a centurion have on his face?
5 when did world first land on the moon?
4 what is the assets of the congo?
3 who was the divine guidance for the teacher portrayed by robin williams in the dead poets society?
0 What is troilism ?
0 what is the difference between pop music and rock and rotation?
3 What are Arnold Palmer 's fans called ?
0 what is the vdrl blood examination?
5 how many calorie are there in a big mac?
3 Who is Karenna Gore , Al Gore 's oldest daughter , married to ?
1 Which soft drink does Madonna advertise for ?
3 who is pia zadora with a millionaire husband and mentor?
0 how do you determine the heating system requirements for your home?
5 how high does a natural elevation have to be to be called a natural elevation?
5 what name decorates the black label of a bottle of jack daniel's?
3 which big diamond maker is in south africa?
1 what kind of dressing is "real" dressing?
4 what is the website for the us cartridge holder?
3 the name of the actor who played the detective in the product kindergarten cop, is what?
0 how do you pronounce the language unit "qigong"?
5 of children between the age of two and eleven, what proportion watch ``the simpsons''?
3 who was the first black player to go to the masters ball?
4 What 's the sacred river of India ?
3 who developed the first polio immunogen?
3 which penis of the little rascals has an "on -on -again sweetheart" in darla hood?
3 who played the title role in my favorite martian?
5 How many questions do you have on your database ?
4 what's the biggest municipality in texas?
1 what did woody allen call the japanese gangster product, which he synchronized as a comedy in english?
1 what tv display changed the names to protect the innocent?
1 which material serves salt lake city?
3 who portrayed the faceless man in the product of the same name?
3 Who portrayed Dracula in Hammer Studios ' films ?
0 what are boxcar?
5 how many four celestial body generals wer e there and who are they?
4 what is the context for puccini's opera la boheme?
3 name of the hero in ``scruples''?
0 what does the act 33 on the beer bottle of rolling rock mean?
0 what is the lineage of the term'tout de suite'?
4 what is the deepest region of the arctic ocean?
0 what is the origin of the phrase of writing practice ````now is the time for all good world to support their country''''''''''''''''''
3 what the president's favorite biblical quotation was ```come now and let's get together''.
0 why do oceans contain compound water instead of fresh water?
0 how do i check if my electronic equipment v.9 is compatible?
1 what molecule are fluorine, sodium and magnesium?
3 which u.s. air force general led the first explosive device attack on tokyo?
5 how many group live in cities?
0 what is an aortic cardiovascular disease?
3 What comedian was banned from the Ed Sullivan Show for allegedly making an obscene gesture at the show 's host ?
1 which magazine paid $5,000 for an eight -millimeter film by john f. kennedy's homicide?
1 What 's the only mammal that can 't jump ?
4 the orange bowl is located in what municipality?
3 who was the only president to meet two uncoordinated circumstance?
1 what was john steinbeck's travel person charley?
5 how many teacontainers form a container?
5 what seven integer follow the territorial code in the number for remote information?
1 What TV series changed the names to protect the innocent ?
4 Where are the busiest Amtrak rail stations in the U.S. ?
4 On what avenue is the original Saks department store located ?
5 how long does pregnancy last in group?
5 What are the odds of giving birth to twins ?
1 What Judith Rossner novel was made into a film starring Diane Keaton ?
3 who was the president of vichy france?
1 which two animal are specifically mentioned as noah in the ark?
4 Where are the 49 steps ?
4 which state is the largest diamond producer?
1 What does the Statue of Liberty wear on her feet ?
0 how do they produce vitamin?
4 what state did anita bryant represent at the 1959 miss america social event?
0 what are the advantages of a rowing device?
3 what is the middle name of the movie producer joseph e. levine?
3 who was the first governor of west virginia?
1 which animal was the energy -seeking missile after which the sidewinder was named?
0 What is the orgin of xoxoxox ?
1 what is the concern of the computer called?
1 what tv show once admitted a contestant to picking his digit in the shower?
3 which english playwright wrote, "where the hymenopterous insect sucks, so shall i?"
0 what's in baby gunpowder and baby lotion that makes it smell like that?
1 What TV series features the adventures of a married couple named Jonathan and Jennifer ?
3 who sang the musical composition "hooked on a feeling" in the dancing baby episode of ally mcbeal?
4 What city is served by Tempelhol Airport ?
3 who did lauren bacall marry after her spouse humphrey bogart died?
1 What game does Garry Kasparov play ?
1 What magazine paid $5 , 000 for an eight-millimeter film of John F. Kennedy 's assassination ?
4 Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?
4 Where can I find a website that gives comparisons of good prices ?
5 What 's the first day of the week ?
0 what is the difference between a apparatus and a apparatus?
3 what was the name of the german airplane manfred von richter?
5 how many years make a brightness?
3 which actor dressed up as santa claus and had an affair once a year with the actor shelley winters every christmas for many years?
5 what is the current unemployment magnitude relation in the us?
4 what municipality in florida is sea world in?
5 when did lucelly garcia, a former colombian diplomat to honduras, die?
1 in kafka's organic process, the hero wakes up one morning to learn that he has been turned into what?
2 what does the act ````5''stand for on fubu clothing?
1 what was the name of america's first manned distance program?
4 Which country is known as `` Big Bear '' ?
1 What is a 2-sided object called ?
1 what anaesthesia has queen victoria allowed to give beginning to her seventh child in 1853?
5 how many points are the symbol for ``origin''?
0 what is the difference between neoclassical creation and romance?
0 how do companies cut newspaper so thin?
4 which political unit are linked by the brenner pass?
5 how many bone are in the human hand?
1 what did martin luther post on the church movable barrier in wittenberg?
4 what is the best place to live in the world, taking into account the climate, society?
5 When did the Jurassic Period end ?
4 what political unit was general douglas mcarthur in when president truman called him back?
1 what was the longest war in the past of the united states?
4 where do i find correct bill for third eye blind songs?
3 what famous musician is the founder of an adopted son named hans christian henderson?
1 what's the fear of amphibian?
3 which performer came to dinner at guess who's coming to dinner?
4 what are the names of all the seas in the natural object and in what ocean do they flow?
3 what famous british actor lost his voice after an action in 1966?
1 what are the seven curiosity of the world?
4 which hotel in las vegas burned in november, 1980's, with the transferred property of 84 lives?
5 How many men died building the Mackinaw Bridge ?
4 what is the main menstruation of ireland?
0 in the sung "yankee doodle", why did yankee doodle put a feather in his hat and call it macaroni?
4 which scandinavian capital is built on nine bridges connected land?
1 what was the name of hitler's unsuccessful activity to overthrow the bavarian government in munich in the 1920s?
3 what chilean president was killed in a 1973 group action?
3 which major league baseball team has set the best evidence to win between 1957 and 1983?
3 which japanese car manufacturer had the largest assets of domestic sales?
3 who won the super bowl?
4 which horizon in the u.s. city is the gateway arch famous for?
5 what is the highest amount of home runs on record for a game?
3 what body did joe namath play football for?
0 how do i find a snowboard computer?
0 what is the medical state of hypertension?
0 what do the defamation andrew and christina mean?
0 what are the great deviation in catholic and methodical religions?
0 what facial property usually contain over 55 hair?
0 How do you do a topic outline ?
5 How many equal sides are there on a scalene triangle ?
3 What U.S. vice-president once declared : `` If you 've seen one slum , you 've seen them all '' ?
3 Who 's the twin brother of the Greek goddess Artemis ?
1 What is a film starring Jude Law ?
3 which spokesman has watergate described as a third -rate burglary activity?
3 who was the first host from person to person?
4 which u.s. country borders illinois in the north?
3 which russian composer's prelude in c sharp minor brought him fame and luck?
3 who is the famous movie star who also served as provo canyon's channel administrator, utah?
4 where can i find message about forced auctions on the internet?
4 where on the internet can i get information about the fifth amendment to the american bill of rights?
1 what shampoo prevents eczema, seborrhea and skin disease?
3 Who 's the only U.S. president to have won a Pulitzer Prize ?
1 what does final four mean in the sports natural object?
3 who did the seven mules block for?
3 for which body did dikembe mutombo play basketball?
4 what are the names of all the body of water in the world and in what ocean do they flow?
4 Which is the wealthiest country in the world ?
0 what kind of baseball expression came from the nautical word for ships sailing in front of the panama canal between the atlantic and the pacific?
0 how to make the easter feast panoramic sugar eggs that with the area inside?
1 What novel inspired the movie BladeRunner ?
0 what is software plagiarism?
5 how many whist does an octopus have?
2 what do the culture d.c. in washington d.c. mean?
1 what is one of the lyric of the sioux?
5 what percentage of silver medal production is carried out by independent silver medal smelters?
0 What is the VDRL test of blood ?
1 what product is for children and not for stupid leporid?
3 who should i call to take a tour of the new york stock exchange?
5 when did the jurassic menstruation end?
3 who awarded sonny liston the world champion of packing?
0 what is the origin of the word "sideburn"?
3 Who designed London Bridge ?
5 What are the highest-paying odds on a roulette table ?
1 which 1956 grace metallious novel was on the bestseller list for two year?
0 What does Tiffany mean ?
3 world health organization was the captain of the tanker exxon valdez, world health organization was involved in the oil disaster in prince william sound, alaska, 1989?
1 what's the biggest snake in the natural object?
0 what is e -commerce?
1 what household contains a flute ball, a ball cock and an overflow tube?
3 which adult was time's man of the year for 1952?
0 What is the distinction of Erle Stanley Gardner 's The Case of the Terrified Typist ?
1 What is the best way to remove wallpaper ?
4 which south american country won its first contact sport title in 1978?
4 where are the busiest amtrak place in the united states?
3 what hockey unit did wayne gretzky play for?
5 what's columbia tristar's telephone number?
0 how can you tell if a charwoman had intercourse?
4 what antioxidant -mail addrantioxidantss doantioxidants mark mcgwirantioxidant havantioxidant?
1 what are the defamation of the different toes?
1 what's the language unit of the salt lake city paper?
4 which u.s. state has the most person?
1 What is a fear of children ?
5 what is the death penalty for people United Nations agency die of tuberculosis?
1 What is the largest sculpture in the world ?
5 how many american soldier have disappeared from the vietnam war?
0 who solves rubik's cube?
3 what non -conformist abstract cougar has been called jack the dripper from time to time?
5 Where does the U.S. rank among world countries in area ?
1 what kind of poison is called lead poisoning?
4 which scandinavian country includes 173, 732 square nautical mile?
2 what does t.s. stand for in the language unit of t.s. eliot?
1 what are the seven nonfiction of the constitution?
4 What Caribbean island is northeast of Trinidad ?
4 which two city typically mark the extremes of the sleeve canal?
0 what exactly is energy?
1 what kind of substance can i catch an opossum with?
1 what is the language unit of the operating system running on ibm -compatible machines?
1 what did a 16th -century aztec athlete get for sticking a rubber ball through a sound?
4 which thoroughfare is the original saks department store on?
3 who coined the term nn cyberspace in his novel nn neuromancer?
3 who was the first adult to fly across the atlantic alone?
0 how do chicken get chicken?
1 what did the elders call the four great weather?
1 what blood diversion shows a movement called veronica?
5 how long do fly live?
5 what are the average work time per month spent by aol users online?
3 who was the first taiwanese president?
4 where can i find information about detergents on the internet?
4 where do i get information about custody records for the administrative district of utah?
0 How do you correctly say the word ` qigong ' ?
1 what is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease that attacks the protein shell that surrounds nerve cells and causes a gradual transferred property of movement in the body?
1 The corpus callosum is in what part of the body ?
1 What significant battle was fought in Belgium in 1815 ?
0 how do you measure the energy of the sun?
1 in what sport can a free -legged pacer compete?
4 where can i find a band or a record to help me speak, write and understand japanese?
4 what new england state covers 5.9 square kilometer?
4 What country imposed the Berlin Blockade in 1948 ?
1 which african animal are known as the big five?
5 what was the date of the penetration of iraq in kuwait?
1 what is the most popular form of gambling with adult in las vegas?
1 in what battle in world war i were six soldier killed?
5 When was the Congress of Vienna ?
5 when did man first state on the moon?
5 how many people was randy steven craft convicted of homicide?
2 what is the form for the national bureau of investigation?
0 what is a copy of basidiomycete?
4 What country did King Gustav V reign over from 197 to 195 ?
5 how many thousands of scholar attend the university of massachusetts?
4 where do the adventures of the swiss robinson family take point?
4 What is the seafaring name for the southern tip of South America ?
3 who is the pope?
5 how much money does a back injury attack get?
3 what savage and madman wrote a record called cruel shoes?
3 who wrote the sci -fi trilogy foundation, foundation and empire and second foundation?
0 what are nonaccomplishment in the earth's crust?
5 how many different kinds of ice elite are there?
5 what is the change penalty for people who die of tuberculosis?
3 What actress holds the record for the most appearances on the cover of Life ?
0 How can you tell when figs are ripe ?
3 who was samuel johnson's person and biographer?
4 what is the largest church in the world?
4 what were the city of dickens'a tale of two city?
5 how many questions do you have in your information?
1 what creature frightens group in the movie "jaws"?
3 who did the chicago bulls beat in the 1993 backing?
3 who reports the weather on the good morning america tv show?
1 What book does Holden Caulfield appear in ?
4 where do high -quality helping begin?
1 what physical condition has queen victoria allowed to give birth to her seventh child in 1853?
0 what causes fear attacks?
5 what phone act can i call to plant a tree?
4 which country has the southernmost component in continental europe?
5 how many different communication are spoken in europe?
4 in which stadium do the miami dolphins play their home activity?
1 What is a fear of sinning ?
0 what is a phalanx?
3 Who was with Patricia Hearst the night she was kidnaped ?
3 Who was the first elected mayor of Washington , D.C. ?
5 When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?
0 what was the cause for the division of the anglican and vatican churches?
5 How many dogs pull a sled in the Iditarod ?
0 why aren't many indian scholar in college?
5 how many multitude died when estonia sank in the 1994?
0 what nuclear procedure takes place in an h -bomb?
1 what is the medical condition in which a child without a brain is born?
5 how many cards is each contestant dealt in contract bridge?
3 who wrote nn dt nnp nnp'?
3 which asian spiritual and political drawing card was at the age of 13.
1 What is the primary language of the Philippines ?
3 what kind of pulitzer prize contestant for the mayor of new york city?
5 How many feet high is the hurdle in front of a runner 's steeplechase water jump ?
3 What Soviet leader owned a Rolls-Royce ?
3 what are the names of lucy and linus from peanut's comic record?
5 what year was the partition built?
3 which two us chemist won the nobel prize for medicine in the 1990s?
4 Where is Hearst Castle , built by publisher William Randolph Hearst ?
0 What is idealab ! ?
0 what does the zoological condition "ruminant" mean?
1 what do you call one function of the finger from one joint to the other?
3 who invented the process to make condensed milk?
3 who asked the musical doubt ```````````````have you ever been on the electric ladies' land?''
5 how many cards are dealt to each musician in gin rummy?
1 What concerts are held in New York this week ?
1 what did the forward -looking simon brothers bakery in chicago put in bagels to boost clientele?
1 what british television ordering inspired all in the family?
1 which paper symbolizes death?
3 In Dana 's `` Two Years Before the Mast , '' what seafarers lived in an abandoned oven on the beach at San Diego ?
1 what commodity use a tiger as a symbol?
3 Who is the leading competitor of Trans Union Company ?
1 how do you say "eat the sidereal day" in latin?
3 which broadcasting stations are the jim bohannon broadcasting talk show?
4 what is the largest municipality in germany?
5 how many revolutions does a standard lp make in three written record?
5 what are the average hours per month spent by aol person online?
4 where's the biggest position office building in the world?
3 in the product groundshog day, what's the name of andie macdowell's character?
1 What are the most common elements in seawater ?
4 which center of nevada was designated the largest small municipality in the world?
4 which colorado city owns its own ice mass?
1 which mammal in north america is the longest living natural object for its size?
4 where are the good science leaf on the internet?
1 name the ship used by the atari force in dc comic strip.
4 which country was brian boru, king of the xi? ==references ==
2 What does MSG stand for ?
3 who followed their first two underwater adventure story with the girl of the sea of cortez?
4 what are the three largest oceans in the worldly concern by size?
4 where can i find a case about individuals with disability education act 1991?
1 what is the michelangelo plastic art in st. petersburg, basilica?
3 who plays the policeman in the movie kindergarten policeman?
3 who was the star of leave it to beaver?
0 what kind of baseball expression came from the nautical condition for ships sailing in front of the panama canal between the atlantic and the pacific?
3 What is Nicholas Cage 's profession ?
3 which ship's company tables the ballots for the academy awards?
0 what do you hsense organ when you put a shell on your sense organ?
5 when did hitler come to quality in germany?
5 how many multitude have pets?
1 Which airplane did Fawaz Younis hijack ?
3 who painted mother and child?
5 how many linear unit are there on average to the moon?
3 what famous product and tv cowboy borrowed his name from a fast food chain?
4 what is the most common thoroughfare name in america?
0 how do vertebrate find their way back to the same place every year?
5 What is the population of the United States ?
4 where can i find data on research into oilseeds through genetics?
0 What 's the mystery of the Bermuda Triangle ?
0 what is the textbook for ````smelly cat''''''?
4 Where do hyenas live ?
1 what is a term for behavior, appearance or expression that violates accepted system of measurement of sexual morality?
1 what is widely used to detect parturition defects?
1 what is the best mark for a laptop computer?
3 in what round of golf did the british monarch p.t. barnum sit with tom thumb?
4 name the land of giants twelve times the size of man in gulliver's travels.''
3 who has more dna? a man or a woman?
4 what country in the gulf of mexico has its lowest point five feet below sea level?
5 how many john deere tractor were produced?
0 what do i have to do to keep my dog in dominica for a time period?
0 what is the content of string of words 98?
5 how many trees are used in material production in one year?
1 what is the name of the operating system running on ibm -compatible device?
5 how many layer of yellow is a faber mongol pencil with luck?
1 what monetary value is the "oscar" of advertising?
5 what is the slob population of the world?
5 what is the current menu from cairo to barbados?
0 how does a small enterpriseman contact the good humor ice cream company to do enterprise with them?
1 which weapon is the mythological fictional character apollo is most familiar with?
1 what will a child eat in the middle, and store the chocolate on the outside for the last case?
3 who sang the song "hooked on a feeling" in the dancing baby sequence of ally mcbeal?
0 how does a hydropower plant activity?
0 what's the difference between coke and ice?
3 what does nicholas cage do for a experience?
5 how many game is each player dealt in contract bridge?
3 who are the ten best rich multitude in the world?
0 why do some clothing labels say "use a chemical element -free sheet"?
4 Where was chop suey invented ?
4 where was the sixth annual meeting of indonesian and malaysian forest expert?
5 how many fig newtons are in the british pound?
4 what do we call the imaginary channel at the top of the rocky mountains?
1 what do i call the sons and daughters of my first relative?
4 What was the first town to be chartered in Vermont ?
4 which state has the highest fire rate?
5 how many landmass are there?
5 How long is the Coney Island boardwalk ?
3 Which member of Charlie 's Angels sang vocals for Josie and the Pussycats ?
4 what's the appellation for the state of mississippi?
0 how can you tell when fig are ripe?
5 When was China 's first nuclear test ?
0 what's the difference between snow and ice rink?
3 which of the original seven mercury idea astronauts did not fly on any of the mercury flights?
5 what is the frequency of vhf?
3 Name the designer of the shoe that spawned millions of plastic imitations , known as ` jellies ' .
5 How many bends are there in a standard paper clip ?
5 how many months does the lunar month take to turn around the earth?
4 What nationality is Ileana Cotrubas ?
4 where's poe's birthplace?
4 which african assets is named after a u.s. president?
0 how has television influenced our social group?
0 what did the confederate constitution say about subjugation?
1 what is the collective substance for anseriform bird?
5 How tall was the animated King Kong ?
0 What is the secret of the universe ?
1 which car was driven in the nineties interpretation of smokey and the bandit?
0 how do substance injectors work?
0 what's the deviation between the anus and the rectum?
5 how many people have the united nations committed itself to supporting the restoration of order and the distribution of humanitarian resource in somalia in september 1992?
0 how did former wwf combatant rick rude die?
3 which institution tables the ballots for the academy awards?
3 who built the rotary engine?
0 what are the cause leading to the high teenage pregnancy rate in spartanburg, south carolina?
1 What does a chef coddle eggs in ?
3 What two New York Yankee pitchers swapped wives and families ?
1 What is Beethoven 's 9th symphony called ?
3 who was the author of the famous fairy narrative ``snow white and seven dwarfs''?
3 what scottish writer wrote to a mouse and a louse?
5 how many double -word attribute are there on a scrabble crossword game board?
4 what is the landmark of an italian building on 239 west 48th street, new york city?
5 what is the people of the united states?
3 Who wrote ` Hamlet ' ?
3 Who are the Challengers of the Unknown ?
1 name the five words that use all the culture in the alphabet, except q, without repetitions.
4 what sea did the romans call stute panacea?
3 what was the name of contact sport star elroy hirsch?
1 which miniature were called "mississippi murmeln" and "memphis dominos"?
4 which u.s. administrative district is last on an alphabetical list?
1 what is the best -selling u.s. magazine aimed at a black hearing?
1 what do you call a group of anseriform bird?
4 which islands have their name from the spanish baja mar, meaning shallow binary compound?
4 in which church was thomas becket murdered?
3 who founded the modern theory of probability?
1 What document did President Andrew Johnson want a copy of placed under his head upon his burial ?
5 how many distance follow a period at the end of a sentence?
3 what famous coach said if you can't beat her in the alley, you can't beat her on the crystal?
1 what is the name name of daminozid?
1 what kind of liquor is so "mixable" this is a one -time bar?
4 What river runs through Colorado , Kansas , and Oklahoma ?
4 which batch range is crossed by the highest railway in the world?
1 what is the most advanced handheld computer in the worldly concern?
1 What color is `` ash '' ?
5 how many athlete have puerto rico included in the 1984 winter games?
3 who died with over a thousand u s document on his account?
3 which two baseball musician turn off the battery?
3 who was the first actor to appear on a postmark?
3 which painter produced primitives of rural new england biography?
1 What must be exceeded to produce a sonic boom ?
5 how much is the administrative district income tax in pennsylvania?
3 what company only markets "cleansing agent" for brunettes?
5 How many colors are there in the spectrum ?
5 how much coke is a centimeter of rain?
5 How big is a baby bald eagle ?
0 in my antonia, how is mr. shishita out of home?
3 what storehouse does martha stewart advertise for?
4 in which path does the journey continue in around the world in 80 days?
1 what is a fear of illness?
0 how do you tell your parent you're dating an older man?
0 why do oceans contain salt binary compound instead of fresh binary compound?
3 what's the name of pittsburgh's baseball unit?
3 who is the only u.s. president to win a pulitzer prize?
1 what are the semblance of halloween?
0 what was the gathering call of the early american revolutionaries?
3 who was the first holy roman emperor?
3 what illustration did tex avery create when he arrived in mgm?
4 which country saw the lineage of the asian flu?
4 what are the natural elevation between the rivers of arkansas and missouri?
1 which leg does a cat-o'-nine-tails move with its left front leg when walking, its left hind leg or its right hind leg?
0 what is the difference between a classical stringed instrument and an acoustic stringed instrument?
1 what are some good effort to do for children?
4 which country has banned the russians from one one-fifth of its territory?
5 how many metric linear unit in a mile?
5 what is martin luther king jr. really anniversary?
5 what is the chemical reactivity of chemical element?
1 What do you get by mixing gin and vermouth ?
0 what are the star wars equipment?
5 how many children under 18.m. are unfortunate of physical abuse every year?
1 What Caribbean cult did Marcus Garvey originate ?
5 in what year did degas create the copper-base alloy sculpture, ``````````fourth position front?''
4 which new hampshire hamlet rises early to vote first in the u.s. presidential vote?
3 what catch -22 character is elected mayor of half a twelve italian cities?
0 what is noble metal?
1 what category of document did president andrew johnson want to place a copy under his head at his funeral?
4 in which country did the mau mau revolt take point?
3 who played sally rogers on the dick van dyke show?
1 What is the Islamic equivalent of the Red Cross ?
1 what is the son "mig alley" produced?
1 in which deodorant did payer have adjacent medicine cabinets?
0 How do I e-mail someone at aol.com from yahoo.com ?
0 What does the name `` Anthony '' mean ?
0 What is La Nina ?
4 where do multitude climb in nepal?
3 which choir son joined the andrews sisters for pistol packin mama?
5 How many sides does an obelisk have ?
0 How was the element calcium named ?
3 what is the most common name of boys or daughter?
4 What country saw the origin of the Asian Flu ?
3 what the u.s. vice president said:'some newspaper dispose of their garbage by printing it''?
4 which natural attractions attract most visitor to the united states?
1 what color are seven out of ten sign of the zodiac in the united states?
3 who's the voice of miss piggy?
3 who created billy pilgrim, a unfortunate of the dresden fire storm?
0 what is attribute ball played on?
5 what are the dimensions of an ice hockey content?
0 What does the donation process entail ?
3 what the u.s. vice president said:'some press dispose of their garbage by printing it''?
5 When was the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin built ?
1 what was john f. kennedy's sixties campaign song?
4 where do you find the venus tent-fly trap?
4 where can i find examples of legal lawsuit concerning the law on disability education?
1 what common plant has a release, cap, shell, gills and ring?
4 Which two states enclose Chesapeake Bay ?
1 which chocolate bar, created by frank mars and his spouse, is often referred to as the peanut milky way?
0 What is God ?
5 what class did they build the berlin wall?
3 the name of the intellectual whose literal translations depended on the chinese and japanese ezra pound?
3 what did the poet write: "i have commitment to keep and miles to go before sleep"?
4 what is the most important nation in the natural object, historically?
4 what colorful sea region does the greek caption say the amazons lived nearby?
3 What group was formed in 1969 after police met resistance from patrons at the Stonewall , a Greenwich Village gay bar ?
5 what year was avery dennison's institution founded?
3 what imaginary being does the treasure island tell?
1 which side of the face do most artists prefer to show in consciousness -portraits?
1 Madonna advertises for what soft drink ?
1 What color are seven of every 10 houses in the U.S. ?
3 Who won the Superbowl in ?
4 which political unit claimed rubens, van dyck and bruegel as citizens?
1 what is the word for love of pain or misuse?
1 What breed of dog was the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?
0 What is a conifer ?
5 how many equal sides are there on a plate rack?
4 what colorful sea location does the greek legend say the amazons lived nearby?
0 How is thalassemia defined ?
1 What animal dined on bread and oysters with a carpenter ?
3 What company was the original sponsor of TV 's Superman ?
1 what are some good exercises to do for child?
3 Whose biography by Maurice Zolotow is titled Shooting Star ?
1 put the names of james a. michener's publication in the following places?
1 what are some tips for building a fire in the recess?
3 United Nations agency's the actress bette davis United Nations agency once said she wished she looked like that?
0 what do pointy letters mean to a handwriting expert?
5 When did Jaco Pastorius die ?
3 which ship's company uses the unknown faces of its celebrity speakers to promote the use of its product?
3 who wrote the secret life of walter mitty?
4 what asian state was once enthusiastic about the sport of cricket fighting?
1 what historic period followed the bronze historic period?
1 what is widely used to detect prenatal birth imperfection?
4 which metropolis landmark was first presented in the 1940s superman cartoons?
1 what do you need before you can take out being insurance?
3 which heir of the division store is responsible for installing a 3 -ton safe in front of the andrea doria underwater wreck?
5 how long is the boundary between ukraine and russia?
4 which state did the ancient romans refer to as hibernia?
5 How long is the world 's largest ship , in meters ?
3 who wrote "the scarlet letter"?
0 what were the first speech spoken on a film soundtrack?
1 what is the term for the side of the mountain facing the prevailing wind instrument?
5 when will jean aeul publish her next record?
1 what is the name of the islamic aim of the red cross?
1 What is the weakest bone in the body ?
1 What 's another name for aspartame ?
3 Who shoplifts ?
1 what is the softest part of the consistency?
4 which natural elevation range is crossed by the highest railway in the world?
3 who is the famous sister of actor olivia de havilland?
5 how much money did the former philippine speaker marcos steal from the treasury?
4 What is the tallest building in Japan ?
1 What tragedy befell the city of Dogtown in 1899 ?
3 what kind of cigar -chewer noticed that you're only as old as the charwoman you feel?
0 what does the language unit "justin" mean?
3 which woman has carried most births, crystal, triplets etc.?
0 why were shea and gould's l.a. place of business closed?
5 how many meters in a linear unit?
4 in what administrative district is the buffalo bill historical center located?
3 who built the rotary locomotive?
5 what are the highest odds of winning a roulette board?
0 What do Caroll Baker , Tammy Grimes , Debbie Reynolds , and Judy Garland all have in common ?
4 what national margins margin mozambique?
4 What two countries in South America are landlocked ?
1 what is an expedition to climb natural elevation?
1 which piece of jewelry is depicted in the luxury tax area of monopoly?
3 who is incision manager for control and control systems at jpl?
1 what tv show shows the adventure of a couple named jonathan and jennifer?
4 which northernmost city in the state is darwin?
0 how do you calculate the happening in the half -life of a chemical reaction?
4 where can i find data about the narragansett indians and other tribes in rhode island?
4 where can i find the lyrics for the sung ``getting married today''from the musical ` company?
0 what is the explanation of ``graphic details'?
5 how much medium of exchange did the marcos steal from their country?
3 Who was in Death of a Salesman original movie , not 1985 ?
0 how do birds find their room back to the same place every year?
0 What is thalassemia ?
0 What is a meerkat ?
5 how many bones are in the human hired hand?
5 how many card are dealt to each player in gin rummy?
1 what is the word for limestone storage rising from the bottom of a cave?
0 what does a las vegas blackjack trader have to do when he reaches 16th?
5 how many charwoman did brigham young have?
5 how many attribute follow a period at the end of a sentence?
4 which political unit earn the most from tourism?
4 which political unit has the most time zones with 11?
4 What city 's the kickoff point for climbs of Mount Everest ?
1 what kind of currentness is used in china?
4 which country buys 25 percent of global tea export?
4 which tract contains firehole river and fairy falls?
4 which european political unit is the home of the beer -producing city of budweis?
0 what does the zoological term "even-toed ungulate" mean?
0 How do I make fuel bricks from recycled newspaper ?
3 what abstraction were abbey hoffman, jerry rubin and tom hayden?
1 what was the largest cash harvest in the usa in 1983, exceeding cereal?
3 who's westview high's band director at funky winkerbean?
3 what role do reproductive structure play in plant survival?
1 what are the different types of solid?
4 in what country was the first co -education school founded?
4 what city boasts penn's landing on the banks of delaware?
0 what is the point of the first name breony?
4 which u.s. state boasts stone mountain, the natural object's largest mass of exposed granite?
3 Who portrayed portly criminologist Carl Hyatt on Checkmate ?
5 What day of the week sees the most fatal car accidents ?
5 what are the possibility of having twins?
5 what weighs a teaspoon of matter in a black opening?
0 What is Australia Day ?
3 who recorded the 1957 feat on tammy?
0 How can you become an FBI agent ?
3 which sung was the singer when the moon comes over the mountain?
1 what's a concern of trees?
3 who's barbara jordan?
5 what is the sphere of chappellet weinberg?
1 which animal was the estrus -seeking missile after which the sidewinder was named?
1 what's a concern of going to bed?
0 what is the point of the word ``mind''?
1 What was the first Lifesaver flavor ?
0 what is the recommended daily duty for folic acid for pregnant women?
5 what class was the film published?
3 who invented the medical instrument?
0 what is the quality between a median and a median?
3 who was the professional representing randy steven craft?
5 What is the all-time stock high of Apple Computer , and where can I find this information ?
1 What powdered soft drink mix went into space ?
1 What type of betting is used in horse racing ?
1 What layer of the atmosphere contains most of the ozone layer ?
0 What does `` saute '' mean ?
5 how old was lucille ball when the entertainment "i love lucy" premiered?
5 How many copies of an album must be sold for it to be a gold album ?
5 how much snow is a metric linear unit of rain?
4 What German city do Italians call The Monaco of Bavaria ?
3 who sells viagra?
0 What is Archimedes famous for ?
5 in what time period was the naacp established?
2 What is the abbreviated expression for the National Bureau of Investigation ?
1 what irwin allen bomb said richard widmark will be "the first serviceman in history to be kicked in the ass by a bunch of bugs!" nope.
4 which political unit is partially bounded by the indian ocean and corals and tasman seas?
4 What U.S. state 's biggest lake is Lake Sam Rayburn ?
3 What American poet wrote : `` Good fences make good neighbors '' ?
0 what does the optical device stand for?
4 what is the second highest mountain in the worldly concern?
5 what case of year do most people fly?
5 what is the life expectancy of an pachyderm?
4 What country other than Germany invaded Poland in September 1939 ?
1 what is considered to be the most outgo -effective disaster the insurance industry has ever faced?
0 what is the proud claim to fame of the young adult who formed kappa alpha theta?
1 which sexual activity has bigger thighs?
0 what is the origin of chromatic color for boys and pink for girls?
3 What 's the name of the star of the cooking show , `` Galloping Gourmet '' ?
1 what fruit does the fig produce?
2 what's a road for, like in five p.m.?
0 what kind of sand verbena are hot rodents?
4 which political unit includes 8, 600, 387 square kilometers?
4 Where can I find scientific data , `` research papers , '' on textile engineering ?
0 what do insects do through their spiral?
4 which city in south america has the highest commercial field in the natural object?
0 why do people shake hired hand to show kindness?
3 who did bobby fischer beat to win the world cup?
0 what are the most common cause of death in the usa?
3 what mythical figure wears a sandglass and a scythe?
3 for which college did dikembe mutombo play court game?
1 what product ends with the line `````````this is mrs. norman maine''?
0 why do the chicken venereal disease last so long?
4 where are eight of the ten highest natural elevation in the world?
1 what were the affair like in the time of elisabeth?
1 which outdoor game equipment was patented by george grant in december 12
4 what is the best website for online activity?
5 How many people live in Chile ?
1 what are the most common weather in the earth's crust?
5 how many tits does a goat diversion do?
1 what was the sister vessel of the olympics?
4 what big u.s. city had the highest murder pace for 1988?
5 what year is the gold medal of excellence presented by the paris presentation on a can of campbell's tomato soup?
4 which state was a terrible beauty for leon uris?
5 in what time period was the cartoon character chilly willy created?
1 What is the name of the largest water conservancy project in China ?
1 Name a flying mammal .
3 who wrote "unsafe at any speed"?
3 what is the name of the son of actor rex harrison, who played in a modest television receiver series in the late 1960s?
5 how many president are there in vincent's van gogh's 188 work the artist's room in arles?
3 name of the mighty white trader in conrad's heart of darkness?
1 what dainty do you call tactless as inserted deer?
5 how many people die of infectious disease every year?
1 what did johnny horton sing about the sea panic?
0 why did the aztecs first think the spanish were deity?
3 which u.s. polity agency registers brands?
1 What 1915 film was the first to gross $5 million ?
3 who rents shakespeare's antonio 3,0 dukes?
3 name the five placement that will follow the presidency.
3 who won world war ii?
5 How many times more than 3
0 how can i find out which cities have cable modem entree?
1 which 1895 h.g. wells novel was written under the claim the chronic argonauts?
3 who is the prime minister of australia?
3 which major airline has the best safety criminal record in the world?
1 what did jack trade with the merchant for a handful of beans?
3 What is an example of a famous rock band from the sixties ?
3 who commanded the french troops in the military action of orleans?
5 how many natural object did the columbia space shuttle lose on the second flight?
0 What causes a person to have constantly sweaty hands and feet ?
1 What war did the Potsdam Conference follow ?
0 What is yohimbine ?
3 who was the author of john brown's body?
5 how many url delay are there? and what are they?
4 What continent 's second-highest peak is Mont Blanc ?
3 what visual communication game hero do some of his fans call chomper?
4 where can i buy a pony on big island for my female offspring?
3 who wrote hamlet?
1 what fiction by william makepeace thackeray was made in a stanley kubrick movie?
1 what was franklin roosevelt's economic idea called during the great depression?
1 What are the 10 plagues of Egypt ?
0 What is artificial intelligence ?
1 what's the name of the ill health that the actress hunter tylo's daughter has?
1 what invention makes the rationale of energy saving impossible?
3 What `` marvelous '' major-league baseball player is now a spokesman for a beer company ?
3 who is the sovereign of the united kingdom?
1 what was the name of the horse that fell on queen elizabeth, prince albert's spouse?
5 how many object servers are there?
3 what celebrity couple, during a divorce, split their toilet material into two equal stacks?
3 who was the first governor of wyoming?
0 why do group get calluses?
5 how many infantry are there in a fathom?
1 what is the language unit of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease that attacks the protein shell that surrounds nerve cells and causes a gradual loss of movement in the body?
4 what are the only two country that incorporate the confederate battalion into their flags?
5 what does an average day concern worker pay in new england?
4 where to find information on queensland's national business relation policy
3 what are the first defamation of rowan and martin, the stars of tv's laugh -in?
3 Rotary engine cars were made by what company ?
5 How long do you have to live in a community to vote ?
1 what famous tennis tournaworldt's world's singles was fred perry the last englishman to win?
1 what famous events took home on march 27th?
5 in what year did joe dimaggio compile his 56 -game serial?
5 what percentage of fresh water system in canada is available worldwide?
3 which company uses the unknown faces of its celebrity speakers to promote the use of its merchandise?
0 why is the moon in different sizes and flag?
4 Where are some great educational resources for parents and teachers ?
5 what are the costs of the round journey between new york and london with concorde?
1 what is nevil shute novel about the lost survivor of a nuclear war?
3 which cigarette institution urged us ``come where the taste is?''
1 What is a fear of odors , body , ?
4 what land has a park called the battery on the southern tip?
3 who was the monk from the 15th? a time period that gained control of florence and was burned at the stake?
1 what is the literary condition for a pun?
4 where are large teaching substance for parents and teachers?
1 what infectious disease kills most multitude worldwide?
4 Where is Santa Lucia ?
0 How do you get a pointsettia to turn red ?
3 who is the most notorious villain in the 165 gunpowder plot?
4 in what political unit was sir edmund hillary born?
1 what was the language unit of the cacadu of baretta?
3 which associate of the little rascals has an "on -on -again sweetheart" in darla hood?
1 what james michener book is translation for spanish travel and reflections?
0 what was the rally margin call of the early american revolutionaries?
3 What was football star Elroy Hirsch 's nickname ?
3 What two US biochemists won the Nobel Prize in medicine in 1992 ?
1 What book was F. Scott Fitzgerald working on when he died in Hollywood in 194 ?
3 what stupid but lovable imaginary being did maurice gosfield play on phil silver's show?
1 what is the most advanced handheld computer in the natural object?
3 which major airline has the best safety record in the worldly concern?
3 who took over the leadership of the boston pops after arthur fiedler's long reign?
3 who's olive oyl's male sibling?
3 who became admiral of the seas and viceroy and governor -general of all the islands he could discover, and also received ten? of all the profit of his journey.
1 what kind of homorian epic history of the end of the trojan wars?
4 Where can I get cotton textiles importer details ?
4 where's the biggest post office building in the natural object?
3 Who was Camp David named for ?
1 which russian novel, which more encompasses the five characters, is set in the napoleonic wars?
4 which political unit is australia's largest export market?
0 why do physical phenomenon cookers save time in the kitchen?
1 which italian lining was hijacked in 1985?
4 Where did the Inuits live ?
3 who told peter rose not to bet on games?
5 what are the possibility of pregnancy if the penis does not enter the vagina?
4 which mountain range is crossed by the highest railway in the worldly concern?
1 what's a emotion of robbers?
1 what is the condition describing a word in which only one use has been recorded in all literature?
3 What is Pittsburgh 's baseball team called ?
4 Name the largest country in South America .
4 which mountain region of the natural object is the lhasa apso dog, which is housed in the natural object?
0 What did Richard Feynman say upon hearing he would receive the Nobel Prize in Physics ?
0 How can I transport files from one computer to another ?
3 which radio, tv and movie characters played jackie gleason and william bendix?
1 what visual property is the ash?
1 what was the 24 -disc john gabel entertainer the first model of, in the 1960s?
1 what broadway musical contained the sung ```if i were a rich man?''
3 who makes the software, ```photoshop'?
1 what was the eighth day after the nuns in each time period of the roman calendar called?
1 what crystal cream contains seaweed?
3 who danced with fred astaire in 1941's you'll never get rich?
3 which presidents of the united states have published poem?
0 why do pressure cookers save meter in the kitchen?
0 what was the reason for the class of the anglican and vatican churches?
1 what is the only substance that gives food its "sensation" when eaten?
5 in what class did degas create the bronze sculpture, ``````````fourth position front?''
5 how many meters is the obstacle to a runner's steep water increase?
1 what television programme has described the biography of katy holstrum and congressman glen morley?
1 what did the forward -looking simon brothers bakery in chicago put in bagel to boost business?
0 How do windmills work ?
1 What is the longest chemical name , consisting of 35 letters ?
4 what political unit are you in when you turn on the wu dialect?
0 what are the short - and long -term effects of drinking child?
5 how much will california's state of matter tax increase with the 21st year?
4 which city is often called the insurance assets of the world?
0 what is the deviation between a generator and a generator?
4 which country has the best defensive position in the circuit board game diplomacy?
1 what relation of your body does the corpus callosum contain?
3 which u.s. government means registers brands?
4 what city has the oldest relation as a sisterhood with los angeles?
3 Who was the first Russian astronaut to walk in space ?
1 what are the three organism in sheila burnford's the incredible journey?
3 what multi -talented academy prize -winning director missed a college course in film production?
5 In what year did Ireland elect its first woman president ?
5 what is the american monetary unit equivalent for eight pounds in the uk?
5 how many vote does colorado have?
1 what six words follow the line ```from a son to a king''''''''?
3 who is the prophet of medina?
4 what are the three largest ocean in the world by size?
4 what is the oldest web site on the internet?
1 what ailment does katharine hepburn have that shakes her sound?
4 what is the largest hike site?
3 who is the head of the world bank?
0 what is the socio -economic condition of a person?
1 What is the main language of Sao Paulo , Brazil ?
0 what was the long borderland in china?
5 how long do you have to repay debt after claiming chapter 11 bankruptcy?
1 what are the component of coca -cola?
1 what's a emotion of thunder?
3 which u.s. government agency registers name?
3 which baseball team was routinely referred to by its frustrated fans as ``the noise''?
0 Describe the Long March .
3 what tv character said, "one of these days, alice, pow, right in the countenance"?
0 what are gecko?
0 what measures can be taken to prevent polygenic disorder?
1 how did ivan iv support russian increase?
4 What lake is the source of the White Nile ?
3 who sings the themes for dawson's creek and felicity?
4 where did the cable car go down clay street in 1873?
3 name one of the most important deity of hinduism.
0 What is a glory hole ?
1 What are the wolverine habits ?
0 How do I love thee ?
0 how did super president gain his quality in animation?
5 how many choice does it take to win the presidency?
3 what army motto is "blood and happening"?
0 How can I find out my Moon sign ?
5 what are men on a 455 -yard golf path?
4 what is homelite inc. web page?
1 what was the name of the trajectory fawaz younis took?
1 what does a sexual attraction between a man and a charwoman mean?
4 what is the us federal government web site for standard industrial classification codes, sic?
3 who stopped making journal submission about may 31, 1669 because he thought he was going blind?
3 who's the youngest of the beatles?
3 what dates did richard nixon's head put in jail?
3 What is the full name of the man who invented the multicolored game cube that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations ?
2 What does VCR stand for ?
1 which side should a bowler hit the 3 -pin left or right with a view to a 37803 acrobatic stunt?
3 which cable net is called "the family negotiator".
4 in what part of the world was the six -day war waged?
0 how can i call a friend in another political unit if i don't know the phone number?
3 which actor and skilled worker of world war ii had put a $5,0 capital of hermann goering on his head?
3 what former african leader held the title of his country for nine year?
0 how come a friedcake has a hole in it?
5 how many games are played in a five -team ammunition robin tournament?
5 what is the driving whole equivalent of zero grade centigor?
5 what is the average message of the restaurant manager in the united states?
1 In AD 999 , what sort of celebrations , fears , were there ?
3 Who wrote : `` Poems are made by fools like me but only God can make a tree '' ?
1 the first king of the football game was hallie woods?
1 What phenomenon would you expect to read about in the monthly publication The Bigfoot News ?
0 what is artificial news?
0 how can you remove rust appearance from your clothes?
5 How many people did Randy Craft murder ?
3 which tv comedies are former product star nora desmond, secretary of mrs. wiggins and a housewife named eunice?
0 Where do chihuahuas come from ?
3 in the movie groundshog day, what's the name of andie macdowell's fictional character?
5 what seven digits follow the territorial written communication in the number for remote information?
1 what is the language unit of a date containing sequence numbers, such as 9 -8 -98?
3 which lawyer has won the biggest divorce colonization in the history of sheika dena al -farri?
0 how do plants make substance?
3 who betrayed norway to the nazis?
0 what does the language unit camaro from the gm car, the camaro mean?
0 What is Cabarnet Sauvignon ?
0 What ever happened to the once popular Yale Lock Company ?
3 what initials of the fast food baron decorated the left sleeves of the san diego padres baseball uniforms in 1984?
3 name a dog cartoon character except huckleberry hound to have a sound of daws butler.
1 What TV series featured Neal , a martini-drinking St. Bernard ?
5 what is the protection pace of condoms?
1 what is the term for an living thing living on or in another?
5 how many wings does a tsetse dipterous insect have?
5 how many fictional character are there in the chinese alphabet?
3 what did the poet write: "i have promise to keep and miles to go before sleep"?
4 What is the largest county in size in Massachusetts ?
5 how many spaces follow a period at the end of a string of words?
5 what's the amount on a dartboard at twelve o'clock?
1 what did johnny horton sing about the body of water terror?
3 What pillar of the Dutch Renaissance painted Aristotle Contemplating the Bust of Homer ?
1 what sign is the best emotion play for a horoscope sign?
3 What diminutive American female gymnast stole the show at the 1984 Olympics ?
3 in the last eight years that the mvp was a contestant for the nhl?
3 who wrote "the godfather"?
1 What are the first and last letters of the Greek alphabet ?
5 how much did a mcdonald's ground beef cost in 1963?
0 how does the atmospheric electricity move?
0 how can i find information about rice importers in the worldly concern?
4 what municipality or state do most gays live in?
4 which municipality is the u.s. headquarters of procter and gamble?
3 What chocolate company gives you a one-pound kiss ?
5 how hot does the interior of an active vent get?
3 What 19th-century painter died in the Marquesas Islands ?
5 how many muscles does the average adult function to walk?
3 What are the top ten most common girl names in the US ?
1 what color is the airstrip on each side of a coho salmon?
0 where does the proverb "fist concept" come from?
1 what invention makes the generalization of energy saving impossible?
0 How does the speed the magnet spins in a generator affect the output of the generator ?
3 which film director portrayed the commander of the pow camp in 1953rd stalag 17?
0 what's a tube?
4 which u.s. country is leaving the continental divide to get to canada?
1 What horse did Zorro ride ?
0 what is the mathematical relation of ram?
5 How many elevators do you ride to reach the top floor of the Empire State Building ?
0 Why can 't women serve in the Navy on board submarines ?
3 do you call the company that used the formation ```even your best friend will not say ``in his ad'?
0 How is a hydrogen bomb different from a nuclear bomb ?
3 who built the first successful roller coaster?
3 who was the leading actress in the product sleeplessness in seattle?
4 What city has the two steepest streets in the U.S. ?
5 When did communist control end in Hungary ?
1 What poem contains the line , `` grow old with me the best is yet to be '' .
3 who played for the chicago bears, houston oilers and oakland raiders in a 26 -year professional football career?
3 name a dance band that was famous in the 60s.
3 who are woody woodpecker's niece and nephew?
1 what network game sees the world rival of amateur rival receiving the uber cup?
5 how many american performer have been nominated for the best actor oscar for 1983?
3 Who wrote Unsafe at Any Speed ?
0 what was the nato people's excuse for attacking the chinese diplomatic building?
3 Who gave Abbie Hoffman his first dose of LSD ?
1 What animal occurs in Spielberg 's `` Jaws '' ?
4 what is the largest and most expensive motorway work in the usa?
1 what was jimmy durante's title musical composition?
0 how can i register my computer in yahoo for free?
1 what two great worldly concern religions began in india?
1 what do you get by adding eubacteria bulgaricus to the milk?
5 What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
4 which rocky mountain ridge separates the north american rivers east and region?
4 what constellation is a hunter with a structure and shield?
5 how old is the average age of a equine?
1 what is the name of the 19th hundred, when british troops were killed over three unarmed indian demonstrators?
1 what is "little red car" mentioned in the pop singer prince's collision song?
1 what soft helping did madonna pitch for?
0 how can a foreigner obtain a us social security circuit board?
1 what is the official lyric of algeria?
4 What ocean surrounds the Maldive Islands ?
5 What is the airport code for Los Angeles International ?
5 how much would a black and white 1 -cent solid be worth, thomas jefferson?
4 What 's the most powerful country in the world ?
0 what are discipline effect transistors?
0 What is Smartnet ?
1 what was the distinguishing sign on the "little rascals" canine?
1 what tv station did mary richards work for?
5 How long does cocaine stay in your system ?
1 what color, s, appears on the boxes of kodak movie?
5 how many macule does howdy doody have on his face?
1 What type of exercise burns the most calories ?
4 what is the leading wood and peanut cultivation?
5 how much does the fight against infectious disease cost?
5 how many visitor go to the vatican every year?
5 how many people was randy craft convicted of homicide?
1 what's a fear of disorderliness?
1 what are other way, stretching strips other than pregnancy, weight loss and weight loss?
3 whose child was sweet pea on the popeye cartoon?
1 what is the lowest level of american natural virtue?
1 what is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease that attacks the protein carapace that surrounds nerve cells and causes a gradual loss of movement in the body?
5 When was Ozzy Osbourne born ?
0 what does an emperor butterfly do?
1 what medical care is trying to trigger the "scream"?
5 in what time period was the berlin wall erected?
1 What is a fear of childbirth ?
4 what country surrounds san marino, the smallest democracy in the world?
5 when was the first railway completed from the east slide to the west slide?
3 who reports the weather on the good morning america tv show?
5 how many four star topology generals wer e there and who are they?
3 name the designer of the footwear that has produced millions of imitations of plastic, known as ``jelly'.
3 what kind of doctor is synonymous with shoes and foot work?
3 which u.s. vice president of the united states once said, "if you've seen a slum, you've seen them all"?
5 how many pitchers occupy the shelf next to the kneeling woman in edgar degas 1886 painting the tub?
3 who led the normans to victory in the military action of hastings?
0 how do you box a cat-o'-nine-tails?
3 which 4 -foot -9 actress in 1984 became the first actress to win an oscar for playing a imaginary being of the other sex?
1 what's the only semblance johnny cash wears on stage?
0 what is the biblical meaning of ``natural object'?
1 What 's the most abundant element in the sun ?
1 what's a concern of cold?
3 who followed willy brandt as chancellor of the federal republic of germany?
5 what was einstein's iq?
4 which country is the world's leading businessperson of cannabis?
5 How long should you feed your puppy Purina Puppy Chow ?
1 what kind of science is metaphysics?
1 which novel inspired the product bladerunner?
3 what savage and lunatic wrote a book called cruel shoes?
1 what network game sees the natural object champions of amateur champions receiving the uber cup?
5 how many of them are in bomber -saharan africa?
5 In 1990 , what day of the week did Christmas fall on ?
3 what english scientist discovered and named virginia?
4 What constellation contains the twins Castor and Pollux ?
4 which two japanese cities are written with the culture k, o, t and y?
1 what are some of the significant historical event of the 1990s?
4 What are the names of the tourist attractions in Reims ?
1 what are new computer activity for windows 95 or 98?
5 What is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?
5 how many defamation are there for eskimos?
3 What author landed a 468-pound marlin without harness in the early 193 's ?
5 how many murders and assassination have there been in the united states since 1865?
3 What was the previous name for the Commonwealth ?
1 what's a fear of thief?
3 President Bush compared Saddam Hussein to whom ?
1 what is the music used in the new vw beetle ad where the car turns and the colors change?
0 why is it called sandwich when there's no ham in it?
0 where did the squash salads get their name?
3 Who was the first black performer to have his own network TV show ?
5 what proportion of all world tornadoes will land in the us?
0 how can i find out which city have cable modem access?
1 what is nike's deputation?
4 what is the name of the municipality where maurizio pellegrin lives?
5 how many group die of tuberculosis every year?
3 who built the first heavier-than-air craft?
4 which administrative district was called green mountain administrative district?
5 What was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
1 what is the word for love of pain or mistreatment?
1 what is the name of one of the communication spoken by the sioux?
3 who were the five marx male sibling?
2 CNN is the abbreviation for what ?
0 What are the limits to `` self-defense ? ''
4 in which ocean did the titanic cesspool?
0 what caused the change of bob marley?
4 what people is ileana cotrubas?
3 who were the four famous founders of united artists?
1 what chemicals are used for the lethal insertion?
3 who is the worst president of the united states?
3 in what risky clientele did jimmy lose the greek bet?
3 what are the defamation of two old men who appear on the muppet show?
3 Who portrayed Field Marshal Erwin Rommel in The Desert Fox ?
4 Name a civil war battlefield .
1 What is the name of the second space shuttle ?
5 what are the possibility of having twins?
0 What is fellatio ?
1 What beer is ` rockin ' America ? ''
4 where's your principal callosum?
3 which companies or agencies would carry out an employment audited account?
0 what do worm do through their spirals?
5 how long before your blood makes a complete journey through the natural object?
3 who was arthur h. bremer trying to murder in may 15, 1972?
1 what are the most common weather in sea water?
1 What films featured the character Popeye Doyle ?
3 which company produces impulse center services?
1 what is the weakest bone in the natural object?
4 What city 's airport is named Logan International ?
1 what's a emotion of going to bed?
0 why are electric motor vehicle less efficient in the northeast than in california?
1 what did woody allen call the japanese gangster movie, which he synchronized as a drollery in english?
0 what is the lineage of the word ``mushroom''?
1 What format was the major competition of VHS ?
5 how many flavors of ice elite do howard johnson's have?
3 which of the following important person was not born in philadelphia?
3 who played for the chicago bears, houston oilers and oakland raiders in a 26 -year professional contact sport career?
1 which 1976 deep throat double supplies the leading actress with a second larynx?
0 what's the point of the name katie?
4 which city is often called the insurance capital of the worldly concern?
5 how many choice in congress were against the 1941 declaration of war against japan?
3 Who made the first airplane that could fly ?
1 what is the word for love of symptom or abuse?
3 which bread company has put cisco kid stickers at the extremity of their packages?
4 which countries have the largest forces in the worldly concern?
4 which state is the home of heineken beer?
3 Who was the first black to be head coach of a major league pro sports team ?
0 how can i find online orthography?
3 What corporation does Madonna advertise for ?
4 which political unit has the most dams?
5 how many south american country have the letter z in their names?
1 What is the only modern language that capitalizes its singular first-person pronoun ?
0 why do pressure cookers save time in the room?
3 what kind of ship's company is 7 -eleven?
5 how many flag are there in a rainbow?
3 what's the only dick tracy villain that appears three time?
5 what function of a beaver's life is spent swimming?
3 what women have made sigmund freud erotic imagination?
5 what time period did thatcher become prime minister?
5 how many people die of infectious disease every year?
5 how many people have the united nations committed itself to supporting the restoration of order and the arrangement of humanitarian aid in somalia in september 1992?
4 where do i get information about detention records for the state of utah?
3 who was the first adult to walk the mile in less than 4 36893 minutes?
0 how will the motor vehicle be possessed in "christine"?
5 How many trees go into paper making in a year ?
3 which cable network is called "the syndicate negotiator".
3 who has awarded the flying fickle finger of destiny?
4 What country does Ileana Cotrubas come from ?
5 When was the first American encyclopedia published ?
0 How is the element strontium purified ?
3 the language unit of the lady for whom the great gatsby pines is?
4 where can i go with a vapor locomotive?
5 how many feet are there in a linear unit?
1 what product is buried in the cemetery of pere -lachaise in paris?
4 where do you find the answers to all these question?
4 what is the code of antworten.com?
4 What island is home to statues called Mauis ?
3 who built cars with rotary engines?
5 When was child labor abolished ?
5 how many grooves are there for a fractional monetary unit?
0 what causes rolling noise?
5 How long do you have to pay back debt after claiming chapter 11 bankruptcy ?
0 how do i know someone's really in emotion with me?
5 what are bottle detonator with presidents' pictures inside?
3 what was the function of the medieval guild?
0 What is the definition of a cascade ?
5 when does the bible say the season have begun?
3 who played the title function in i what a teenage werwolf?
1 what do stream otters eat?
3 who became admiral of the seas and viceroy and governor -general of all the islands he could discover, and also received ten? of all the profits of his journey.
3 what was the gathering of mandy rice -davies?
1 what did 1313 meter lose in the 1980s?
5 how many miles are there on average to the lunar month?
3 who is the prophet of medina?
3 which adult has carried most births, twins, triplets etc.?
3 Which is the only Dick Tracy villain to appear three times ?
4 where can i find examples of legal happening concerning the law on disability education?
5 what is the frequency of vhf?
5 How much would it cost to purchase a 2-foot-square party tent , with sides , ?
1 What is the only primate to lack pigment in the palms of its hands ?
0 what category of baseball expression came from the nautical term for ships sailing in front of the panama canal between the atlantic and the pacific?
1 what are most albums sold by an creator or a band?
4 Where is Romania located ?
0 what effect does conflict have on the perpetual motion?
3 the lawyer world health organization represented randy craft, what was his name?
5 how many layers are there in a vessel of yoo -hoo?
4 Where can I find a list of all the companies in America that offer a direct stock purchase plan ?
3 what was the batch with the animated sky hawks?
5 what year is the gold medal of excellence presented by the paris exhibition on a can of campbell's tomato dish?
3 who played sally rogers on the dick van dyke display?
5 in what month, date and class did charles die?
0 what is the origin of packing day?
4 what is the farthest satellite from the sun?
1 what are most albums sold by an artist or a dance band?
3 who was the lawyer representing randy steven craft?
3 who awarded sonny liston the natural object champion of boxing?
5 How many years make up a lustrum ?
0 what were the days of the time period called?
1 what color is the eight game equipment in the pocket billiard?
3 Which Japanese car maker had its biggest percentage of sale in the domestic market ?
0 what was the v -8 juice motto: ```the keybud''?
1 name the product ``at your grocery store', at your fingertip.''
0 how do i learn about job?
0 why is field game so violent?
3 Who portrayed George M. Cohan in 1942 's Yankee Doodle Dandy ?
3 who lives on 24 -sussex drive, ottawa?
1 which soft helping is the strongest caffeinated?
1 What did San Francisco 's Milt Harper grow that measured 24 inches from tip to tip in 1974 ?
4 what is the best place to live in the worldly concern, taking into account the climate, civilization?
3 what are the names of two old men United Nations agency appear on the muppet show?
1 What blood sport features a movement called a veronica ?
1 What species is a colt ?
3 which of the original seven mercury program astronauts did not fly on any of the mercury formation?
1 what kind of cocktail do you make with liquor and sweet vermouth?
3 which radio receiver stations are the jim bohannon radio receiver talk show?
0 What happens to the female body with lack of sleep and food ?
0 what is the quality between a generator and a generator?
0 What is Java ?
1 what's the biggest document in salvador dali's signature?
5 how much is the minimum regular payment?
3 what president sent a cabin cruiser to bring charles lindbergh home after his epic flight?
4 What square is the geographical center of London ?
3 What future President became Senate majority whip under Harry Truman ?
4 where can i find textbook for r &b?
5 what month were you born when your birthstone is onyx?
0 what do people do to prevent vertebrate from dying?
0 what is the meaning of the latin battle cry: ad arma, ad arma.
1 what's the high sound you hauricle in your auricle now and then, but then it disappauricles after a while?
3 what famous actress has her first appearance on sthistoric period at the historic period of five in the 191 year as a "baby"?
4 what is the largest and most expensive motorway undertaking in the usa?
3 who sings ben johnson's "drink to me with your eyes" song?
0 What are chloroplasts ?
5 how much money are dumbo's auricle insured for?
3 what reactionary king was returned to the french throne during napoleon's abdication?
1 name the five word that use all the letters in the alphabet, except q, without repetitions.
4 which political unit is the setting for edgar allan poe's the pit and the pendulum?
1 what shakespeare piece begins with the line: ````` now is the winter of our longing..''''?
4 what is a country that starts with the document x?
3 who got the construction "i never met a man i didn't like"
1 what is a fear of water system?
3 what comic from tv's golden historic period went according to the motto'everything for a laugh'?
5 how many people watch tv?
3 who runs andy capp's favorite pub?
3 who was the monk from the 15th? a hundred that gained control of florence and was burned at the stake?
3 what are the top son names in the united states?
3 who is buried in the great polyhedron of giza?
5 what weighs a containerful of matter in a black hole?
0 what do you hear when you put a carapace on your ear?
5 How many athletes did Puerto Rico enter in the 1984 Winter Olympics ?
1 What indoor sport saw the Phoenix Inferno become the Phoenix Pride on July 14 , 1983 , when the temperature hit 111 degrees ?
3 what did the american poet write:'good fences make good person''?
4 in what state was the first co -education educational institution founded?
3 what collectionyer called himself the collection west of pecos?
3 who said, "the winner will never be asked if he was telling the accuracy?"
4 which city is near the rima of the amazon?
5 how many claws did a lobster named gunman lose?
5 how many telegram support the main chain of the golden gate bridge?
3 who used to make rotary engines?
4 which country has the most time zone with 11?
1 what is an example of a natural acid base fact?
0 What are hook worms ?
3 which u.s. president showed a predilection for bee pollen snacks?
3 who was scrooge's dead domestic partner in dickens' a christmas carol?
4 which emblem is green?
3 who are the top ten richest multitude in the world?
5 shea and gould had an agency in los angeles, how long before they were closed?
5 what is the average biography expectancy of a man in ireland in 1996?
0 what's the explanation of a witch?
0 what causes headache?
3 who was the first american chess ace?
3 what is the middle language unit of the film producer joseph e. levine?
5 in what class was desmond mpilo tutu awarded the nobel peace prize?
5 How many films are made by the major studios in a year ?
0 How can I find out my biorhythm ?
3 What longtime game show host dropped dead while jogging in Central Park in 1984 ?
1 What four forms does gold occur in ?
4 what are the largest room in the united states?
0 what makes black hills, south dakota a tourist force?
5 how big is the population?
4 what is the largest cathedral in the worldly concern?
3 what category of business is this?
5 how many cubic feet of space does a gallon of binary compound occupy?
3 which cable television network is called "the family negotiator".
3 what defamation did the new york titans take in the 1963?
3 who did lauren bacall marry after her husband humphrey bogart died?
4 where is the statistical statement of the united states online?
3 who played the most game for the new york yankees?
3 what city district made the biggest cocaine bust in ventura county?
0 why do they call ice cup ice cup?
3 who's stephen hawking?
0 What is the hair style called that new military recruits receive ?
0 What are equity securities ?
1 what kind of weapon were used in the medieval war?
5 how many wing does a tsetse fly have?
1 what 1942 -century spy product has director john huston combined with maltese falconers humphrey bogart, mary astor and sidney greenstreet?
4 kentucky horse park is located in what section?
1 what does the know-how "cold fusion" create?
1 What World War I battle saw 6 , 0 troops killed in one day ?
1 What is the only substance that gives food its `` taste '' when eaten ?
0 what causes negative stimulus?
3 which actor has received most oscar nominations?
3 what tv character did a horse named thunder breed?
0 How was Lawrence
5 how many equal space are there in an equilateral triangle?
1 What 's the common name for a Japanese dwarf tree ?
5 what is the weight of a teaspoon matter in a black trap?
3 who created the world wide web, www?
1 name the men's cologne connected to the body of water.
0 What is the difference between a generator and an alternator ?
5 how many people in the natural object speak french?
3 who won the super bowl?
3 what famous force and woforce team has made radio ads for blue nun wine?
3 What 4-foot-9 actress in 1984 became the first performer to win an Oscar for playing a character of the opposite sex ?
0 What is a person 's socioeconomic position ?
1 what was the eighth sidereal day after the nuns in each month of the roman calendar called?
2 What is the abbreviated form of the National Bureau of Investigation ?
1 What 1953 film won Frank Sinatra a best supporting actor Oscar ?
1 What TV quiz show left the air in 1975 to the tune of Vera Lynn 's We 'll Meet Again ?
1 what is the word for broken glass or sharp stones embedded in cement on a rampart?
3 What baseball great plugged Mr. Coffee ?
5 What is the busiest air travel season ?
1 what is a technique that is often used to detect parturition defects?
1 what is the son for broken glass or sharp stones embedded in cement on a wall?
4 what is the name of the synagogue near the capital of laos?
0 what is a chemical element bond?
1 what came first, after genesis 1: 2: 22 - the chicken or the testis?
4 What is the U.S. location of Procter & Gamble corporate offices ?
5 when did the bounty mutiny take home?
1 what's a emotion of money?
1 Name a technique widely used to detect birth defects ?
4 in which country did the mau mau conflict take place?
5 how many trees are used in paper act in one year?
3 what famous singing cowboy owns the california angels baseball unit?
3 What are the five most popular Usenet groups ?
3 who said, "give me state or give me death?"
1 what two statue did france give to other countries?
5 what day of the workweek was july 13th?
1 in which tennessee williams plays, is one of the fictional character killed and devoured by a gang of starving children?
0 What is `` the washed vodka '' ?
1 What is Chiricahua the name of ?
5 how many teaspoon form a spoon?
3 what's li'l abner's last language unit?
0 What is the `` 7-minute cigarette '' ?
0 what's a jake bracken?
3 Who was Secretary of State during the Nixon administration ?
0 how did the tradition of the best world begin?
0 What does the Georgetown `` Hoya '' mean ?
1 what two flag are you blind if you have protopy?
1 what is the lowest horizontal surface of american justice?
1 what irwin allen bomb said richard widmark will be "the first officer in history to be kicked in the ass by a crowd of bugs!" nope.
2 what is the form for original equipment manufacturer?
5 how many people died from a smoking trouble in the 1997?
3 what category of people participated in shay's "rebellion in massachusetts in 1787"?
3 who's the man behind the pig who pulls the strings and speaks for miss piggy?
0 what are the twin cities?
3 what is the language unit of the brilliant british economist behind his creation?
0 what does the language unit kelly mean?
0 How does the chain of command work inside an US army Apache helicopter ?
0 what does n est -ce step mean?
1 what product contained a pathetic character named kid shelleen?
4 In what part of the world is Mozambique ?
3 who played the function of godfather in the movie ``the godfather'?
1 what is the mark name of the chemical daminozide?
3 Who is the current prime minister and president of Russia ?
4 what celestial body has a length of 864, 000 miles?
0 how do you find the criminal evidence on the internet?
4 which property do most baseball players hit?
1 What organ contains the islands of Langerhans ?
3 who coined the term nn computer network in his novel nn neuromancer?
3 what cheerful guy got the zip code 9971 from u s postal service in 1963?
0 how does a glacier word?
3 who shot billy the kid?
0 What was the claim to fame of King Camp Gillette ?
0 what is the goal of nature for tornados?
3 who gave king arthur the round board?
4 where can i find texts for r &b?
5 what is the average content of the restaurant administrator in the united states?
3 What U.S. Air Force general led the first bombing raid over Tokyo ?
0 why can't adult in the navy serve on submarines?
3 What company has built more than 2.5 billion little green houses since 1935 ?
5 how many means does a tsetse fly have?
5 What is the exchange rate between England and the U.S. ?
5 how much does a ton of cement outgo?
5 What is the date of Bastille Day ?
3 what is the largest distillation institution in the world?
0 why did several san diego schools stop serving edible fruit to students?
3 what kind of housewife and parent of three wrote the female mystique?
0 what is the point of the word "amen"?
5 how many earthworm are on a single field?
5 how many pitcher occupy the shelf next to the kneeling woman in edgar degas 1886 paintings the tub?
3 who won the first world series?
0 what is the meaning of the latin struggle cry: ad arma, ad arma.
0 why are pod butter cookies covered in crystals?
1 What non-alcoholic syrup is made from pomegranate juice ?
3 Who wrote The Secret Life of Walter Mitty ?
0 What is he doing now ?
3 Who is Ishmael in Moby Dick ?
3 Who was credited with saying : `` I never met a man I did n't like '' ?
4 which state has the most coastlines?
0 what is new in the military post world 1999?
1 what are the conjugation of waking and waking?
3 what famous communist drawing card died in mexico city?
1 what is the language unit of the islamic object of the red cross?
1 What meter was invented by C.C. Magee in 1935 ?
0 why do cock sing at five in the morning?
4 which south american country won its first football claim in 1978?
5 how many people were killed in military action, armed conflicts?
4 what are the five most expensive city in the world?
0 what are error in the earth's crust?
5 what season does a local activity normally take point?
3 who was shot in the body part during a poker game in deadwood, dakota territory?
3 what was the captain's language unit?
5 how long do the bishop hatch?
3 who portrayed dracula in hammer studios?
3 Who sent the brief message `` I came , I saw , I conquered '' ?
0 how does ultraviolet light change the dna of skin cells?
3 what nazi drawing card killed himself in prison just before he was executed as a war criminal?
1 where do your body covering grow fastest?
3 which ball game player had run most of the time?
4 where's the 19th hole on a golf education?
3 Who was Tiny Tim 's father ?
2 what does the language unit laser mean?
1 what is a fear of juvenile?
0 what happens when a consistency part falls asleep?
3 what was the worldly concern's largest department store called?
4 where was the first building?
1 what award will be awarded to the winners of the super bowl?
3 what tv character said, "one of these days, alice, pow, right in the kisser"?
1 what creature frightens multitude in the movie "jaws"?
0 what is the classic definition of the tragic leader?
0 what are bear and bull activity?
0 How can I enforce new rules to a group of youngsters who have been allowed to do as they please .
5 how many tanzanian shilling more than two were in one guinea?
5 what is the current unemployment pace in the us?
5 in the 1990s, on what sidereal day of the week did christmas fall?
5 How many websites are there in the world ?
4 what city boasts of the billingsgate aquatic vertebrate market?
0 how do you destroy bees that are in the partition of your house? will bees stay for the winter?
5 in what class did montana become a state?
4 What is the highest continent ?
1 what are the exploitation stages of a swimmer?
4 Where can an individual get a contact lens tested that burned the entire surface of eye when new ?
1 which food contain most proteins?
0 why does the sunday only shine for a short time in alaska?
5 what are the odds that at least two out of 25 multitude have the same birthday?
4 name the highest batch.
4 In what part of Africa is Mozambique located ?
1 What civil war was fought between 1936 and 1939 ?
5 which section of gone with the wind did rhett butler leave scarlett o'hara?
5 how high is the normal heart pace of a healthy adult?
1 what languages do the person speak in afghanistan?
1 the novel by robert louis stevenson was inspired by deacon william brodie, a furnishing builder by day and burglar by night?
5 what is the average time a animal needs to ejaculate?
2 What is HDLC ?
1 what category of latin is incompetent?
4 which state has the best defensive position in the board game diplomacy?
0 what exactly makes physical condition for you?
3 What is Steve Rogers 's profession when he 's not Captain America ?
5 how many time of life ago did the ship titanic sink?
1 what activity is garry kasparov playing?
5 how many stations do you shoot in the'around the world 'basketball plot?
1 What did the ancients call the four great elements ?
4 where do i get information about custody evidence for the state of utah?
4 what's the biggest office artifact in the world?
4 what was the first country that brought a second woman into attribute?
5 what is the exchange magnitude relation between england and the us?
3 which party was winston churchill a associate of?
1 what court game maneuver did bert loomis invent?
1 What Hollywood dog died in the arms of Jean Harlow in 1932 ?
4 which asian country has a beak for cows?
3 who is considered first lady of the american stage?
0 what kind of baseball expression came from the nautical term for ship sailing in front of the panama canal between the atlantic and the pacific?
3 who used auh2o as an election trademark?
5 How many miles of corridors are in The Pentagon ?
3 Who was President Cleveland 's wife ?
3 What was the Ventura County police department that seized the county 's largest amount of cocaine ever ?
3 which generator was appointed as u.s. ambassador to spain in 1842?
4 in what country is the buffalo bill historical center located?
1 What is a fear of clouds ?
4 what is the brightest star topology on earth visible?
3 who said, "give me freedom or give me end?"
1 what is the smallest thing seen under the most powerful magnifier, and how big is it?
0 what is the federal income levy?
5 In what year was the first patent for the pull-tab opener on cans obtained ?
3 what famous tv talk show horde was a lay predator when he was seventeen?
3 What Frenchman claimed the following ? If God did not exist , it would be necessary to invent him . ''
3 what celebrity couple, during a divorce, split their room paper into two equal stacks?
0 What is an aurora ?
3 what celebrity couple, during a divorce, split their toilet newspaper into two equal stacks?
4 which country share the khyber pass?
5 what is the third time period of the gregorian calendar?
4 What is the richest state in the U.S. ?
5 when was the abstraction of women to vote ratified?
0 what happens to used motor petroleum?
3 who markets pasta -o's?
3 which texas doctor performed the first artificial heart transplant?
4 Where does the Santa Fe Trail begin and end ?
0 how can i find my lunar month sign?
4 Where is Mile High Stadium ?
3 What was William F. Cody 's better-known name ?
1 What are the chemicals used in glowsticks ?
1 What are some translations of the phrase `` Thank-you '' ?
1 What are John C. Calhoun and Henry Clay known as ?
3 What American sergeant lost both of his hands in combat during World War II and then went on to act in a single movie for which he won two Oscars ?
5 How much in miles is a ten K run ?
3 what was the name of the professional who represented randy craft?
1 What eating utensils are used for handicapped kids ?
3 what tv adult names a series of men's clothes?
0 what is the cause of endangered coinage?
3 what is an example of a famous rock social group from the sixties?
3 what is the name of the american United Nations agency was caught when his plane crashed over syrian lebanon?
3 who says they have the biggest display in the world?
1 what's the name of jacques cousteau's investigation vessel?
3 who is the prophet of the religion of islam?
0 What is Nitrox diving ?
3 what little boy and canine lives in a shoe?
1 what snack food has support?
3 who developed potlatch?
5 what was einstein's iq?
3 who was the second man to walk on the satellite?
3 what names does the natural object know of kyriakos theotokopoulos?
1 what kind of soda has the most alkaloid?
3 which indispensable businessperson of background music celebrated its fifth anniversary in july, 1984?
1 what impenetrable system of french fortifications was built along the german boundary before the second world war?
0 How would I find the price of different organs that have been donated ?
3 what was the name of the adult who was killed in a duel with aaron burr?
5 how many tits does a bovid sport do?
3 what group was formed in the 1969 after police encountered resistance from customers in stonewall, a gay browning automatic rifle in greenwich village?
1 what is the fastest moving creature in the world, birds, mammal, etc.?
0 What is Toulmin logic ?
0 Why is it called `` hamburger '' if there is no ham in it ?
1 which artifact of the atmosphere contains the largest part of the ozone artifact?
3 What fool is not so wise To lose an oath to win a paradise ?
3 What Civil War general wreaked havoc on the south by marching through Georgia on his way to the sea ?
3 who is the leading competitor of trans union company?
1 what's the name of the family company dog?
0 what is the lineage of ``barbeque''?
1 what was the language unit of aristotle onassis' yacht?
5 in what time period was the gun invented?
1 what's the name of the syndicate circus dog?
4 which city has the longest subway instrumentality in the world?
0 how did the time period of the year come to be named?
3 who played the father on "charles in charge"?
1 put the names of james a. michener's books in the following home?
5 how fast does the fastest motor vehicle go?
0 what is the explanation of hazmat?
3 which world war ii leader declared ```````the stroke was''''''''?
3 What actor 's autobiography is titled All My Yesterdays ?
1 what is the electronic instrumentality used to create visual displays that match the electrical signals?
0 how do hermitic cancer multiply?
3 What comedienne calls her sister-in-law Captain Bligh and her mother-in-law Moby Dick ?
0 what are the living context in cuba?
3 what professional diversion league triggered the college project?
4 which bay shares maryland's eastern and western shores?
3 Who is reputed to be the greatest maker of violins ?
0 What is the difference between classical conditioning and operant conditioning ?
0 how do institution cut paper so thin?
1 which 1956 grace metallious novel was on the bestseller tilt for two years?
3 in the last eight time of life that the mvp was a player for the nhl?
1 what reproductive structure does the fig produce?
5 when was the g7 group of state formed?
4 where to find information on queensland's national competition plan of action
1 what episode of the 1933's did the german nazis use to justify emergency decrees, lock up opposition and gain more power in themselves?
5 how many "no" statement were the what's my line? permission?
4 which municipality serves mccarren airport?
0 How is Abigail Arcane related to the villainous opponent of the Swamp Thing ?
0 what is the plant organ of evil?
0 what according to kinsey institute is the sexual preference of four percentage of american men?
1 what do ocean cows eat?
0 where did the physical phenomenon come from for the big bang?
3 which us presidents were masons?
4 where is the virtual desk remark?
5 when was the first american reference book published?
3 who's the richest world in the world?
3 what school does tom attend during tom brown's school life?
3 what is the full name of the adult who invented the colourful dice that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations?
1 what category of sports did they play in the 1642 -1649, the english civil war?
5 how many equal sides are there on a standard rack?
1 what cover of the beatles symbol the rolling stones?
4 which political unit would you go skiing in the dolomites?
0 How does light travel through the void of space if there is no medium for it to ` wave ' or ` pulse ' .
0 what is the literal meaning of ```d -day''?
3 who was the writer and who was the musician between gilbert and sullivan?
2 What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?
1 What was the distinguishing mark on the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?
1 Which is the largest clock , diameter wise , in Europe ?
0 why is it addictive to cough sweetening not to drive while you're on this medication?
1 what's the name of david letterman's andiron?
5 What is the average age a horse lives ?
1 from what religious song did john steinbeck receive his title the grapes of wrath?
1 what field sport does the dentist william beers have a standard record of rules for?
1 what's the language unit of a golf course in myrtle beach?
5 how many curves are there in a standard agency clamp?
0 What is molybdenum ?
3 Who delivered his last newscast on March 6 , 1981 ?
1 what kind of record does fodor's publish?
5 how many meters is the obstacle to a runner's steep binary compound jump?
1 Name the product that is `` at your grocer 's , at your fingertips . ''
1 what fast food is prepared with a secret blend of 11 vascular plant and spices?''
5 how many characters form a word for the writing experiment?
5 how many multitude were captain america?
3 Whose image is alleged to be on The Shroud of Turin ?
3 which indispensable provider of backdrop music celebrated its fifth anniversary in july, 1984?
1 what's a emotion of cold?
5 when was general manuel noriega appointed panama person and handed over to the u.s. authorities?
4 What is the brightest star visible from Earth ?
1 what james michener book is subtitles for spanish locomotion and reflections?
4 which country buys 25 percent of global tea commodity?
3 who is the only independent congressman?
1 what are the four weather?
5 how many hectares in a nautical mile?
3 what act did alexandre dumas write about?
3 Who tramped through Florida looking for the Fountain of Youth ?
1 in vladimir nabokov's novel, professor humbert falls in sexual love with a 12 -year -old girl?
0 how do ants have bodily process?
1 which species make up more than two one-third of the known species?
3 what is the name of the pop singer whose musical composition became the title musical composition for a kind of catsup?
5 at what time of class is air transport the hardest?
1 what phone do all esperanto substances end in?
3 What creative genius said : `` Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits '' ?
0 what is the council sign of the zodiac in frankfurt?
1 from what hymn did john steinbeck receive his claim the grapes of wrath?
1 what's a fear of swarm?
3 what is the mathematical relation of the bouvier dog breed?
0 how is the election of a new pope announced to the worldly concern?
0 how did name come about?
1 what is the term for rock storage rising from the bottom of a cave?
4 where are the tropical forest distributed?
4 What Rocky Mountain ridge separates North America 's eastward and westward-flowing rivers ?
5 in what year was the wit character chilly willy created?
1 what is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as involuntary change, ticks, swearing and incoherent vocalizations, grunts, screams, etc.?
0 what does das kapital market mean?
1 what happens after end?
5 how many meters in a nautical mile?
1 the first insect of the football game was hallie woods?
3 who portrayed prewett in from here to eternity?
1 What brand of white rum is still made in Cuba ?
3 Who said , `` I shall return . '' during World War Two ?
1 what visual property hair can i use to cover something gray?
4 what famous wall supports the bathing tugboat?
1 What fossilizes to form coprolite ?
4 What state has the most Indians ?
4 what european municipality does nikois live in?
4 What country contains the westernmost point in South America ?
3 what american sergeant lost both hands during world war ii and then appeared in a single product for which he won two oscars?
3 who is the queen mother?
5 When did Nostradamus believe World War III would begin ?
0 what's the story with the board?
3 Who played Humpty Dumpty in the 1933 film Alice in Wonderland ?
0 How can I get some free technical information on Electric Vehicle ?
3 which architect comes from the field glass house designed by the chicago federal center had a philosophy of "less is more", "and produced plans that were the forerunner of the california ranch house".
4 Where is the Keck telescope ?
3 who claims to be the most evolved man in the world?
5 what percentage of all world tornado will land in the us?
5 how much does a new railway vehicle outgo?
1 what organism frightens people in the movie "jaws"?
3 what prominent victorian communicator worked for the post as much as he wrote?
0 what is toulmin philosophy?
4 what are the two municipality in dicken's a tale of two municipality?
4 what were the first three municipality to have a population of more than one million?
4 What country is home to Heineken beer ?
0 What is e-commerce ?
4 which body of water shares maryland's eastern and western shores?
1 what kind of document did president andrew johnson want to place a copy under his question at his funeral?
2 what is the abbreviation of the institution name general motors?
0 what is the lineage of the ethnic category "caucasian"?
4 what city in texas got its language unit from spanish for "yellow"?
0 describe the finnish auditory communication personality salonen's performance.
0 how can i find person's email address on the internet?
3 who was the time master in comics?
1 what are other ways, stretching strips other than pregnancy, system of weights loss and system of weights loss?
4 What is the smallest country in Africa ?
1 What kind of puzzle first appeared in the U.S. in the New York World on December 21 , 1913 ?
1 stuart hammlen is considered the first singing ranch hand of what?
3 Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?
0 how do hymenopterous insect have sex?
4 which u.s. administrative district is mammoth cave national park in?
1 what are the component of polyester?
5 how long does hard drug stay in your system?
3 Who was the first American in space ?
5 how much coke is drunk in one time unit?
1 What instrument does Benny Carter play ?
0 What is a biologist ?
3 what famous actress has her first appearance on time period at the age of five in the 191 year as a "baby"?
5 when do gothic artwork and architecture thrive?
5 How many people did Randy Craft kill ?
3 What video game hero do some of his fans call Chomper ?
3 What king is satirized in the line : `` The King was in the countinghouse , counting all his money '' ?
3 what inspired apollo 11 astronaut to run the place while armstrong and aldrin made past?
1 what is a emotion of sleep?
2 what is ram in the computer?
0 What caused an adjournment of the 25th anniversary session of the United Nations General Assembly ?
1 what is nero wolfe's favorite drink during office work time?
1 what is the brand name of a material used to control maturation?
3 who were the five marx brothers?
5 what was the minimum regular payment in 1991?
4 What is the longest river in the United States ?
5 How much stronger is the new vitreous carbon material invented by the Tokyo Institute of Technology compared with the material made from cellulose ?
0 what phenomenon does lsd have on the brain?
1 Musician Ray Charles plays what instrument ?
4 where did the wright buddy make their first flight?
0 how do i know someone's really in sexual love with me?
3 Which college did Dikembe Mutombo attend ?
3 do you call the institution that used the line ```even your best friend will not say ``in his ad'?
3 who played in singing in the rain and the singing nun?
3 which institution is the largest japanese shipbuilder?
1 what operating system do ibm -compatible machines function?
5 How fast can a Corvette go ?
1 What is the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross ?
1 what do you get when you mix liquor and vermouth?
1 what term does a czech activity to describe a pole?
3 who wrote the bible?
5 how many apodiform bird eggs could fit into a ostrich egg?
5 When is President Nixon 's birthday ?
1 what future product was presented to the american colonists in 1603 by the indigenous peoples?
3 who painted mother and child?
3 who made the musical argument "true to your school"?
3 who was the captain of the tanker exxon valdez, who was involved in the oil disaster in prince william sound, alaska, 1989?
1 what is the name of the "female pendant" to el nino, which leads to cold temperature and very dry weather?
5 how many component are there on a backgammon board?
3 who invented the paper cartridge holder?
4 Where can one find Mozambique ?
1 what tv show shows larry, bud, melman and toast on a pin?
5 hitler came to power in germany in what class?
5 how many url delay are there? and what are they?
0 what is office high technology?
3 which terrorist abstraction was led by donald defreeze?
3 Who was the only U.S. President to wear a Nazi uniform ?
1 What part of their attire were `` pothooks '' to cowboys of the Old West ?
1 what blood sport shows a drift called veronica?
5 how many time of life has sleeping beauty slept?
1 what are the descendants of shuttlecock?
3 what civil war general has caused chaos in the south by marching through georgia on his property to the sea?
1 what's a fear of field glass?
3 what costume designer decided that michael jackson should only wear one baseball equipment?
4 What constellation represents a hunter with club and shield ?
0 what are bear and cattle markets?
0 how to make the visual property purple?
3 what abstraction kidnapped patricia hearst?
3 What is the oldest profession ?
0 how can a foreigner obtain a us social safety card?
3 who started the dominos pizza series?
1 what are the most common breeding shuttlecock in the usa?
5 how much cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the gas outside?
1 what clue is the water carrier, the zodiac clue for?
1 what does the playboy call his "ongoing negotiation on current topics between playboy and his readers"?
4 where are the busiest port in the world?
2 What does HIV stand for ?
4 What city gained renown for its pea-soup fogs ?
2 What does ` PSI ' stand for ?
5 how many dollar a day did arthur frommer say you can survive in europe in 1968's?
5 how many people in the us say that their main source of message is the newspaper?
5 when did fraze get his first patent for the pull -tab container?
1 which muhammad ali maneuver was george foreman's first unfortunate of?
5 when's dick clark's anniversary?
5 how old is the average age of a team member who worked on the manhattan undertaking?
4 which country was the scenery of you only live two?
0 What is the difference between New York-style and Chicago-style pizza ?
1 in what product is the number nine found in the title?
1 what animal ate with a carpenter on baked goods and oysters?
0 what data can you give me about fairground park in st. louis?
1 What is the fear of frogs ?
3 what store claims to be the largest department store in the worldly concern?
4 which state in new england carries the code 27 telephone sphere?
1 What film ends with the line : `` This is Mrs. Norman Maine '' ?
0 what is the quality between a fruit and a vegetable?
4 Where was `` I have fallen , and I can 't get up '' said first ?
3 what was the language unit of the lawyer who represented randy steven craft?
4 name the land of giants twelve times the magnitude of man in gulliver's travels.''
3 Who started the Dominos Pizza chain ?
5 how long does a tent-fly live?
5 how much of the silver production is produced by independent silver smelter?
4 what state are godiva chocolates from?
3 who was the celestial body of leave it to beaver?
1 what is the lowest level of american judge?
3 which architect comes from the glass sign of the zodiac designed by the chicago federal center had a philosophy of "less is more", "and produced plans that were the forerunner of the california ranch sign of the zodiac".
3 Which of the following men was not married to Rita Hayworth ?
0 how do i get a performer that i have copyrighted and published?
1 What is chronic constipation a symptom of ?
1 what drug fascinated sigmund freud while experimenting with the care of neurostasis?
3 Which team won the Super Bowl in 1968 ?
3 Who is the president of the Spanish government ?
4 what is the address of the head office of the politics in rome, italy?
3 who is currently the most popular singer in the world?
1 what do the opposite external body part of a forehead always mean?
1 What was the name of Roy Rogers 's dog ?
1 What English word contains the most letters ?
1 what are other ways, stretching strips other than pregnancy, physical property loss and physical property loss?
1 what is the highest possible crack in contract bridge?
4 which country is located in 13 -degree geographical area -latitude and 10 -degree east -length?
0 What is an annotated bibliography ?
4 which country will meet the second time period?
0 how can you prevent the cutaneous sensation of poison ivy?
1 what determines the value of the bone?
0 what is the nature of precipitation and how is the formation of precipitation different from that of ice?
0 what is a glorious opening?
3 who was randy steven craft's lawyer?
0 what is the lineage of blue for boys and pink for girls?
5 how many liters of binary compound goes through niagra falls every second?
4 what's the best orthopedic medical building in the country?
4 what biome is the garden of god called?
1 which magazine paid $5,000 for an eight -millimeter product by john f. kennedy's murder?
1 which cable car was driven in the nineties version of smokey and the bandit?
4 where can i find a large database of five to six letters words?
5 how was thatcher's admission to power after ten time of life?
4 What countries have the highest ratio of university students ?
4 which city is often called the indemnity capital of the world?
3 who led the resistance when konrad adenauer was chancellor of germany?
4 What state capital comes last alphabetically ?
3 Who were the five Marx brothers ?
1 what tv show did john sebastian sing the theme for?
3 who led the action when konrad adenauer was chancellor of germany?
5 how many meter in a mile?
0 what is a "repeat citizen"?
5 how long was the longest straw fire?
1 what's the language unit of the international lawn tennis challenge trophy?
0 why did european resident rule only spread after the first and second industrial revolutions?
0 how do you write mla style bibliographies for an internet reservoir?
1 What 's the largest letter in Salvador Dali 's signature ?
1 What was the worst hurricane ?
0 why does www.answers.com not have answers to my questioning?
0 What is recruitment interview technique ?
1 What does a spermologer collect ?
1 what is the second hardest message?
4 What two countries is Andorra nestled between ?
1 what is it that goes on four leg, then on two leg, then on three?
4 In what U.S. state was the first woman governor elected ?
4 in which direction does the journey continue in around the world in 80 days?
3 which heavyweight combatant was known as the wild bull of the pampas?
1 what's the language unit of the song dracula plays on the organ?
1 When it 's time to relax , what one beer stands clear ?
0 what's a swine in a sack?
1 what's a fear of component?
1 what kind of meal was invented in 1916 at the george jung noodle factory in los angeles?
3 who played the original charlie's angels?
1 what interesting method was used to run the credit in the early popeye cartoons?
5 when was the first successful center transplant for a human?
1 what nuclear bomber sank in the norwegian sea on april 7, 1989?
4 Where is Poe 's birthplace ?
3 which radio, tv and movie fictional character played jackie gleason and william bendix?
4 What country borders the most others ?
0 What are the words to the Canadian National anthem ?
1 what kind of cooking petroleum has "corn goodness"?
5 how many warmup pitch does a substitute get in a baseball game?
0 what causes ferric oxide?
5 in what class was the first patent for the pull tab opener obtained on cans?
3 who is known as the greatest musician?
4 what is the most useful page on the internet?
5 what number of american soldier are not yet covered by the vietnam war?
3 who answers ``i know''about princess leia's confession ``i love you'' in the empire strikes back?
4 where can i find a large list of five to six letter words?
4 What state is Mount McKinley in ?
0 Why is Jane Goodall famous ?
5 what is the couple width of a condor?
1 what plants are there in a sass?
3 What girl 's name is `` Teddy '' an affectionate form of ?
1 What game is fatal to anybody over 21 ?
0 what is the origin of the term ``bison wings'', which is used as a menu item in bars throughout the nation for chicken in a spicy sauce?
4 which movable barrier opened in east and west berlin?
0 how do you get day with the hooters girls?
1 what movie is buried in the cemetery of pere -lachaise in paris?
4 Where did the myth of Santa Claus originate ?
3 who wrote, "poems are made by fools like me, but only god can make a tree"?
0 why are the protective covering in canada green?
1 from which paper was the goal of the xvi. ==references ====external links ==
4 what are the names of all the seas in the worldly concern and in what ocean do they flow?
0 why do group on the upper peninsula say michagin ``eh''? nope.
1 what category of flowers does detective nero wolfe grow?
3 Who shot Lee Harvey Oswald ?
5 what will the california flatulence tax be in the 21st year?
3 what honeymooners actress called television magazine the 1953's most promising star?
0 What happened to Pompeii ?
5 what is the value for aaa liability insurance?
4 what ocean did the romans call stute nostrum?
4 which building in las vegas burned in november, 1980's, with the loss of 84 lives?
1 what product dramatized scope's monkey process?
0 how is a hydrogen turkey different from a nuclear turkey?
5 What percentage of the body is muscle ?
0 what is the difference between classical learning and operator learning?
3 which communicator of the 19th century. had a farm on the hudson called sunnyside?
0 How did Lee Harvey Oswald purchase his rifle ?
3 which evidence company produced the 1978 movie the wiz?
0 what's the machine for the rest of us?
3 Who played the title role in My Favorite Martian ?
1 what basketball operation did bert loomis invent?
3 what sovereign boycotted prince charles's wedding?
3 the name of the scholar whose literal translations depended on the chinese and japanese ezra pound?
0 what is the origin of grace?
5 what's the average time to kiss causal agent?
3 what was the name of the 187th irish terror group in the pennsylvania production industry?
3 what british commanding officer surrendered to george washington in 1781?
0 how to write a record report?
1 What soft drink tells us to `` Go Hawaiian '' ?
3 who became the first honorary national of the united states?
5 How much electricity does the brain need to work ?
1 What two body parts grow all your life ?
1 What did Jimmy Stewart invent ?
5 how many nothing codes are there in the us?
1 what is the celtic signal for ``life''?
3 who created scrooge's character?
1 what is the folklore about birdlife and birds in christmas tree?
1 what hermann hesse's book gave his language unit to a rock band?
4 what celestial body has percival lovell discovered?
3 who used auh2o as an election logo?
1 what is the softest part of the natural object?
1 what semblance do good rhine wines come in?
4 What country 's capital is Lagos ?
1 What magazine gives us the cream , not the skim ?
4 which european country are linked to the gran san bernardo pass?
1 what system game sees the world champions of amateur champions receiving the uber cup?
3 who asked the musical questioning ```````````````have you ever been on the electric ladies' land?''
0 why did european colonial principle only spread after the first and second industrial revolutions?
4 What is the web address at which I can find the e-mail address of a member of the US House of Representatives ?
4 which russian municipality was once called st. petersburg and petrograd?
1 What 1981 Candice Bergen-Jacqueline Bisset movie was a remake of 1943 's Old Acquaintance ?
4 what municipality is the district of hell's kitchen in?
1 what four elements are 90 percentage of the human body?
1 what gunpowder soft drink mix went into space?
4 What country contains Africa 's northernmost point ?
0 what is hypochromic anemia?
3 what was the name of the american helicopter pilot world health organization was shot down over north korea?
1 which non -mechanical diversion achieves the highest speeds?
5 how many pitchers occupy the shelf next to the kneeling woman in edgar degas 1886 graphic art the tub?
3 who reports the weather on the good morning america tv entertainment?
4 What river flows past the Temple of Karnak ?
3 Who is currently the most popular singer in the world ?
1 which morris west fiction deals with the russian bishop who becomes pope?
1 what is a fear of time period or darkness?
1 what sign of the zodiac is the best love play for a horoscope sign of the zodiac?
0 colin powell is best known for his operation?
3 Who created Billy Pilgrim , a survivor of the Dresden firestorm ?
1 What was the name of the computer in ` 2001 : A Space Odyssey ' ?
1 What is the only gland in humans that can regenerate itself ?
4 which political unit is located in 13 -degree north -latitude and 10 -degree east -length?
5 How much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , Thomas Jefferson on it , ?
1 what james michener book is subtitles for spanish travel and consideration?
3 who killed kurt cobain?
1 Which mayonnaise refers to itself as `` real '' mayonnaise ?
1 what kind of sport is chris jogis a top contestant of?
1 name one of the seven wonders of historic period.
3 what were the names of the gangster bonnie and clyde?
1 what kind of mutant has slotbacks, backrests and touchpacks?
4 in 139, the papal assembly was forced to move from rome to where?
3 which baseball contestant had run most of the time?
1 What is a word whose letters can be rearranged to form a different word ?
1 what's the name of a die player?
4 what is the political unit of origin for the name thomas?
0 how does zatanna do her magic in dc comic strip?
5 in what class did joe dimaggio compile his 56 -game series?
3 which corporate executive went on the jogging trail to improve his sporting image and, sports number 39, almost collapsed during the race?
1 in ad 999, what category of celebrations, fears, were there?
5 how many work unit are there in a tomato?
3 who was bonnie blue butler with her founder?
4 which political unit will meet the second year?
0 what attribute traits should capricons have?
1 which car was driven in the decade version of smokey and the bandit?
3 what famous men and women team has made radio receiver ads for blue nun wine?
0 how do i find out which cities are in a given region code?
0 how do fuel injector work?
5 how much does it cost to produce and send rubbish mail catalogues on average or whatever is available in the usa? dt cd nn nn
1 what four contest do tennis''grand slam'?
3 which president of the united states was the first congressman to sign up after the attack on pearl harbor?
4 Where is Tornado Alley ?
1 what sign is the best love dramatic composition for a horoscope sign?
1 what two function of your body grow all your life?
1 what standard measures earthquakes?
0 why was henry ford's first car introduced as model t & his second character of car in 19208, called model a?
3 What king boycotted Prince Charles 's wedding ?
3 who advised the gathering to see the u.s.a. in their chevrolet?
4 which european country gave up cast in 19203 because printing costs more than its nominal value?
5 how many records does each contestant have in a four -handed game of crokinole?
4 Name an art gallery in New York .
1 in beetle bailey, can you call sarge's andiron?
0 what do you do if your rodent doesn't work as fast as it actually is?
5 how many points make up a perfect five bowling evaluation?
3 who was the chief engineer of the spacecraft enterprise?
1 what 1927 silent film received an international appraisal in 1981?
0 Why was Henry Ford 's first automobile calleda Model T & his second type of automobile , introduced in 1928 , called a Model A ?
4 which country was a terrible appearance for leon uris?
3 which british pop star of the decade and early 1970s was a child actress in the 1940s and 50s?
4 which countries have the most motor vehicle thefts?
0 How is the new Ford Econoline van F25 V1 engine ?
3 who is the male offspring -in -law of sen everett dirkmale offspring, who was also a senator of the 70s?
3 what three hundred american poets wrote a four -volume history of abraham lincoln?
3 who are the hottest women in the world?
0 what is nitrox match?
1 What is a fear of touching ?
0 what does the language unit shawn mean?
1 what paper gave back a pulitzer prize for the fraudulent history of jimmy's world?
1 what does a farrier wear brake shoe?
1 What is the name of a Salt Lake City newspaper ?
1 What kind of sports did they play in the years 1642-1649 , the English Civil War time ?
5 how many stones did the columbia space shuttle lose on the second trajectory?
5 what calendar month were you born when your birthstone is sardonyx?
5 how many claw did a lobster named gun lose?
1 what's a fear of reptile?
4 what is the highest degree in africa?
0 How do companies cut paper so thin ?
4 in what administrative district was the first co -education school founded?
0 what's a pig in a chemise?
1 what letter is right of k on a typewriter keyboard?
1 What two major world religions began in India ?
3 what's the name of the indian world health organization became prime minister by beating mrs. gandhi in the 1977 election?
3 What is the name of the president of Garmat U.S.A ?
3 which broadcasting, tv and movie characters played jackie gleason and william bendix?
5 How much will gas be taxed in California by the year 2000 ?
3 who invented the process to make condensed milk?
5 how many municipality are there in utah?
4 where can i find a website that gives examination of good prices?
4 What is website of the International Court of Justice ?
4 what e -mail savoir-faire does george lucas have?
3 who won a pulitzer prize for their novel the caine mutiny?
0 what are the advantages of a sport machine?
0 What is literary criticism ?
1 which chemical in red wine is good for the heart and what exactly does it do to your consistency?
0 how does crosstalk relate to insb thickness in infrared detector?
1 What is a fear of punishment ?
0 how do you tell causal agent you like them?
0 What is a swatch ?
0 what's the last chance for organism?
3 who would you use the secret maneuver on?
0 what is object -oriented creating by mental acts?
3 the lawyer United Nations agency represented randy craft, what was his name?
0 What is a Guild ?
4 in what circumstance was there an 11 -million -gallon oil spill?
4 What city is sometimes called The Athens of Switzerland ?
4 where can you find data about religion and health, brain and nutrition?
3 who was considered the father of science?
0 what are the advantage of a rowing machine?
4 what country do you visit when you land at duvalier airfield?
4 what was the largest city in the world that declared martial collection in 1989?
4 What African country was founded by freed American slaves in 1847 ?
0 how do i log on to the main page of the u.s. speech act?
3 who built the first airplane?
0 what is the point of the word ``mushroom''?
3 what famous men and women team has made radio ad for blue nun wine?
3 who won the battle of gettysburg?
5 how much money does a back injury cathexis get?
1 what category of phenomenon do you expect to read in the monthly publication the bigfoot news?
3 what are the big institution that are part of dow jones?
1 What organic fuel do bog-dwellers use a `` slane '' to cut ?
5 what part of a dress hat's life is spent swimming?
5 what meter did emperor hirohito die?
4 which european country is the home plate of the beer -producing city of budweis?
0 what are the advantages of a rowing car?
3 who directed "jaws"?
3 what's the best internet store you can go to?
0 what is the point of the word'attic'?
0 how does marijuana lead to other drug?
1 which sex has bigger limb?
4 The Kentucky Horse Park is located near what city ?
1 What is California 's state bird ?
3 Who did Jackie Kennedy commission to write The Death of a President ?
4 where can i find information about forced bridge on the internet?
0 What does Choo Choo Charlie say ?
1 what category of poem contains the line ````````getting old with me, the best is still'''''.
3 who was the master of the tanker exxon valdez, who was involved in the oil disaster in prince william sound, alaska, 1989?
3 who makes chicken finger -licking good?
1 what film go of the roman empire shows the warning: `````` line well and live''?
3 who else was considered for the duty of luke skywalker when george lucas appeared for star wars?
4 What is Bill Gates of Microsoft E-mail address ?
3 who are the two sons of ozzie and harriet nelson?
0 How can I get in touch with Michael Moore of `` Roger & Me '' ?
3 what was queen victoria's language unit regarding india?
3 which baseball musician had run most of the time?
0 Where did the marriage ceremony come from ?
1 name the product ``at your grocery store store', at your fingertips.''
0 How do I find out the exact time of a sunset for a particular day ?
1 What film or films has Jude Law appeared in ?
0 what is the song "stairway to heaven" by led zeppelin?
0 how can i transport file from one computer to another?
4 which two political unit are separated from the bering strait?
3 who is the head of state of the united kingdom?
1 what movie dramatized scope's primate process?
3 who's the sexy star topology?
1 what methods are used to regulate market?
3 which major airline has the best guard record in the world?
4 which desert has the highest sand dune?
5 what year was the setting for american graffito?
1 what is a common anti -aids agent?
0 who solves rubik's cube?
1 what is "little red car" mentioned in the dad singer prince's hit song?
0 shea and gould closed their offices in los angeles for what rational motive?
3 What company started out making pies , and wound up manufacturing plastic throwing toys ?
5 what are the act that fit in fermont's last sentence?
3 who gave captain britannia great power?
5 How many neurons are in the human brain ?
1 what new game are there for nintendo 64?
1 What computer operating system is on the most computers ?
3 what educational institution does tom attend during tom brown's educational institution days?
0 how can i stop background sound in a stereo system?
5 how many people visit the pope every calendar month?
3 What English physician was born on January 18 , 1779 and went on to create two important inventions ?
4 which state was the backdrop of you only live two?
5 how many canadians migrate every time period?
0 how do they lift the crane when building high -rise structure?
5 how many multitude are there in the world?
5 How long was the OJ Simpson trial ?
1 what is the name of a date containing series numbers, such as 9 -8 -98?
1 what was the first domesticated shuttlecock?
0 what are tract effect transistors?
1 what is the fear of the calculator called?
4 what new york city landmark has 168 stairway to its crown?
1 what sex is not allowed to choose in kuwait?
1 what does god create in the first prison term of the bible?
5 What chapter of Gone with the Wind has Rhett Butler leaving Scarlett O 'Hara ?
3 who was the only president to meet two uncoordinated context?
3 which comedian was banned from the ed sullivan display because he allegedly made an obscene gesture at the host of the display?
5 How many votes in Congress dissented from the 1941 declaration of war with Japan ?
3 who was the last adult executed in england?
3 Who first broke the sound barrier ?
0 how does an ion drive activity?
1 what invention makes the principle of department of energy saving impossible?
0 What is the origin of the word assassinate ?
3 name the first russian astronaut to take a space locomotion.
0 What is meant by blood SED rate ?
4 what function of africa is mozambique in?
5 what percentproperty of children between the property of two and eleven "the simpsons"?
4 which state is the largest producer of tungsten?
3 who collects data in tourism?
4 what nationality were the 123 people who died in the black trap in calcutta?
1 In what ways did Ivan IV support Russian expansion ?
5 in what year did thatcher gain might?
4 what's the best orthopedic hospital in the political unit?
3 what was darth vader's son's language unit?
3 who invented the lawn lawn mower?
1 what color are the partition of the kremlin?
1 what kind of car did janis joplin ask the valet to buy her?
5 How many counties are in Indiana ?
0 what did delilah do with samson's body covering?
5 how many revolutions does a standard lp make in three hour?
4 where can i find the lyrics for the musical composition ``getting married today''from the musical ` company?
5 how many states have a "lemon collection" for new cars?
3 who played in singing in the rain and the singing nun?
1 what format was vhs's biggest contest?
0 where does the saying "fist rule" come from?
5 what time period is the third weekend of the monterey jazz festival?
0 what are the environmental contact on plant genetics?
3 which of the original seven mercury program astronaut did not fly on any of the mercury flights?
5 how many spears are there on kenya's emblem?
1 which steering wheel did blaise pascal invent in search of perpetual motion?
4 Where is the official `` zero '' of the sea level ?
1 what hollywood andiron died in the arms of jean harlow in 1932?
1 What were the trials called which followed World War II ?
5 How many layers does a bottle of Yoo-Hoo settle into ?
4 which country contains the highest period in south america?
1 What is the name of the American literary era that includes 1896 ?
5 How much does a new railroad coal car cost ?
1 What Homerian epic chronicles events toward the end of the Trojan Wars ?
0 how does a copier employment?
4 which state did the romans call hibernia?
2 what does the form ioc stand for?
0 what was the reason for the division of the anglican and vatican religion?
5 How many presidents have died on the 4th of July ?
5 how much does the fight against tuberculosis outgo?
1 what is a concern of children?
5 how many child does ray davies have from the kinks?
5 how often can a metallic element -cadmium battery be charged?
3 What new middle school was built in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania last year ?
2 what is the full word of.com?
0 what is the difference between pop music and rock and peal?
1 what is the second largest press in america?
0 what is philosophical doctrine?
3 world health organization is the mathematician world health organization won the nobel prize for literature in the 1950s?
5 how many cubic feet of space does a gallon of water system occupy?
0 What is viscosity ?
3 what is an information of a famous rock band from the sixties?
5 What is the average salary of a paleontologist ?
0 what's the story with the soft helping, mr. pibb?
5 How many chemical elements are there ?
4 which asian country has a legal document for cows?
3 who is the mathematician who won the nobel prize for literature in the fifties?
1 what has the chinese emperor butterfly presented to the english soldier gordon in recognition of his service in fighting insurgency?
5 how high is the normal intuition rate of a healthy adult?
0 what do you say to a friend who ignores you for other ally?
1 what medium of exchange is used in australia?
5 what can you pay for having a canine on the beach?
0 what is the quality between pop music and rock and roll?
3 the name of the scholar whose literal translations depended on the chinese and japanese ezra pound?
3 which professional has won the biggest divorce settlement in the history of sheika dena al -farri?
0 why do multitude on the upper peninsula say michagin ``eh''? nope.
0 how do i know person's really in love with me?
1 what snack substance has ribs?
3 who said he killed 4,280 buffalo as food for the crew t hat built the kansas pacific railway?
3 Who said : `` Old soldiers never die ; they just fade away '' ?
5 How many movies has Drew Barrymore been in ?
3 what famous tv talk show host was a song predator when he was seventeen?
0 what does the latin body mean?
3 who was quetzalcoatl?
3 What organization has a Security Council ?
4 which countries have the highest proportion of body students?
3 what ethnic group has introduced the theme of potlatch?
5 what is the highest number of home plate runs on record for a game?
0 What is Remembrance Day all about ?
5 how many group are hiking?
3 What hockey team did Wayne Gretzky play for ?
4 what is the us federal government website for standard industrial classification code, sic?
5 How long does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth ?
4 which u.s. state boasts stone mountain, the world's largest batch of exposed granite?
3 which choir male joined the andrews sisters for pistol packin mama?
3 Who was the first black golfer to tee off in the Masters ?
1 name li'l abner's favorite drink from india.
4 which u.s. state has the most blond?
4 where can i find message about alexander mackenzie?
1 What was the tragedy that struck the city of Dogtown in 1899 ?
0 how do i e mail causal agent at aol.com from yahoo.com?
3 what two historical figures who fought in a famous military action each have a meal named after them?
3 who wrote "unsafe at any speed"?
3 what is the best distance learning body or body?
5 What is the chemical reactivity of neon ?
3 Name the scar-faced bounty hunter of The Old West .
5 how many home run has babe ruth hit in his life?
0 What is the origin of the word `` amen '' ?
0 how can you contact online producer and promoters?
0 how do ant have sex?
0 how is salt solution used in medical science?
4 What prison is found in Ossining , New York ?
0 what is the determination of bios?
3 who was the first american brome champion?
1 on what t.v. entertainment could tom terrific be found?
5 When did beethoven die ?
3 who's stationed at camp swampy in cartoon?
0 what are the strengths and failing of the green lantern ring?
3 which ball game player was charley hustle?
2 In a computer , what does SCSI mean ?
1 what leisure are celebrated in ireland?
1 what did the englishman john hawkins sell to new world migrant in 1562?
1 what's the preference that kills the others?
3 Who was made the first honorary citizen of the U.S. ?
1 What 's the most popular four-player game of all time ?
3 Who was Picasso ?
3 what cruise channel does kathie lee gifford recruit for?
5 what is the american dollar equivalent for eight avoirdupois unit in the uk?
3 who wrote the lyric to porgy and bess?
0 How do I find a snowboarding website ?
1 what is the best way to overcome a emotion?
4 what city or administrative district do most gays live in?
4 What Caribbean island is sometimes called Little England ?
5 what was joe namath's first written agreement worth?
3 who was the feeling of the yankees?
3 who's snoopy with the arch military unit?
0 why do oceans contain salt binary compound instead of fresh binary compound?
0 what is the origin of smasher in the eye of the beholder?
4 which u.s. municipality is known as the rubber capital of the world?
1 which dipterous insect bites blood, dt nn cc dt nn.
3 who is karenna gore, the eldest female offspring of al gore?
1 what kind of cooking lipid has "corn goodness"?
1 what is a fear of the residence environment?
3 what tv host names a series of men's apparel?
1 Italy is the largest producer of what ?
0 how is hypochromic anemia defined?
0 why are organ animal tissue more successful today?
1 what does peter blatty roman say about the horrors of regan macneil's possession of the spiritual being?
1 what kind of phenomenon do you expect to read in the monthly issue the bigfoot news?
1 which sawhorse did zorro ride?
1 what international mutant was originally called hurley?
0 how can i find out what year a beanie child was introduced?
5 how long does it take for a $savings shackle to mature?
0 what is the origin of the proverb ```a stitch in case saves nine''?
3 who portrayed the faceless world in the film of the same name?
1 what can communication satellite offer yachts?
5 what is the pig population of the natural object?
3 who makes their money on the hard road?
1 what soft drink not only has its own video plot, but has also been introduced in its own marvel comic?
4 which city is often called the insurance capital of the natural object?
1 what circuit board game can the dealer choose to play?
3 which company manufactures video recording game hardware sells the ````````super system''?
1 what british television receiver series did emma peel contain?
3 what miracle woman wrote the inspiring publication i believe in miracles?
3 who built motor vehicle with rotary engines?
3 What athlete makes the most money from sports merchandise sales ?
3 who won a pulitzer prize for their fiction the caine mutiny?
5 in what year was the first patent for the pull bill opener obtained on cans?
3 who murdered leno and rosemary labianca in august
3 who was the author of the book on computer hackers called ``the egg of cock': a spy through the labyrinth of computer spying''?
0 how do you deal with a hungry world?
5 how much power does the genius need?
5 how many body of water are there on earth?
5 what year is the gold medal of excellence presented by the paris exhibition on a buttocks of campbell's tomato soup?
0 what is the goal of a car bra?
3 which comedian hit the tv screen in 1951 with the nbc afternoon show time for ernie?
3 who are the ten best rich people in the world?
3 what was the name of darth vader's male offspring?
1 which luggage ordering is named after a famous american flyer?
1 what does peter blatty roman say about the horrors of regan macneil's monomania of the devil?
3 name of the hero in ``scruples''?
3 who owns cnn?
1 what are the two biggest birds in the worldly concern?
5 how much would a black and white 1 -cent cast be worth, thomas jefferson?
4 What U.S. state ends with a G ?
0 what is the point of a.m. and p.m.?
3 what sign was his master's voice?
3 what mercantile establishment claims to be the largest department mercantile establishment in the world?
5 the first transmission of cnn took point on what date?
3 Who were the four famous founders of United Artists ?
4 where does the bible say about the brothers and baby of jesus christ?
4 where do i get information about the original 13.us colony?
1 which ship did lloyd m. bucher speech act?
3 who played the most in hollywood squares?
3 who's shirley maclaine?
1 what is another language unit that means "knows everything"?
0 how can you ask a intruder out on a date?
3 Who is known as `` the world 's oldest teenager '' ?
1 what's the soft drink for adult?
4 where are guinea slob?
3 what argentinean boxer was shot in may outside a whorehouse in nevada?
4 which african capital is named after a u.s. corporate executive?
3 which ventura county police department has seized the largest hard drug shipment in history?
1 what publication opens: ```in a certain village in la mancha, which i will not name.'''''''?
5 What was the average life expectancy during the Stone Age ?
5 How big is the universe actually ?
5 how many aim orbit the earth?
4 what constellation is a skilled worker with a cross and shield?
1 which morris west novel batch with the russian bishop who becomes pope?
4 what attracts tourist in reims?
1 musician ray charles plays on what device?
3 What National League baseball team employed 72 third baseemen in its first 2 seasons ?
1 what famous events took point on march 27th?
5 in what year was new zealand excluded from the anzus confederation?
4 which peruvian city is home to the mummified consistency of francisco pizaro?
0 what is the s &p 500 used for?
3 what institution only markets "shampoo" for brunettes?
0 what is the point of boxing day?
0 What is the origin of gametophytic tissue ?
4 What famed river flows through Bagdad ?
4 what is the geographic area of the united states, including alaska and hawaii?
5 how many flavors of crystal cream do howard johnson's have?
4 where's the closed circuit?
0 What is ouzo ?
1 where is the human peel least sensitive?
3 What British monarch 's lap did P.T. Barnum 's Tom Thumb sit in ?
4 name the land of animal twelve times the size of man in gulliver's travels.''
1 what 1950s movie won seven oscars, including the best representation?
3 whose picture is it supposed to be on turin's memorial?
5 what's the average time to kiss person?
3 who became president of the united states in 1789?
5 when were camcorder introduced in malaysia?
0 What is a caldera ?
0 what does a red flag average when racing cars?
5 how many recess does a spritsail have?
1 What international sport was originally called hurley ?
3 what professional sports association triggered the college project?
1 what color are educational institution buses?
5 how many israeli contestant were killed at the munich olympics?
3 who recorded the 1957 hit on tammy?
4 What building built in 18 contains 327 miles of book shelves ?
1 What 1942 espionage movie reunited director John Huston with Maltese Falconers Humphrey Bogart , Mary Astor , and Sidney Greenstreet ?
3 which south american president was assassinated by his general officer in the 1963?
5 how many furlongs are there in a mile and a one-fourth?
3 what ethnic group has introduced the idea of potlatch?
3 who was the author of the book on computer hackers called ``the egg of cock': a spy through the labyrinth of computer spying''?
5 what is the goat population of the natural object?
1 what common plant has a button, headdress, shell, gills and ring?
5 how many inning are there in a regulated softball game?
4 what municipality has the oldest relationship as a sisterhood with los angeles?
3 What fruit-topped actress was known as The Brazilian Bombshell ?
1 what's the name of a publication by aaron hass?
3 who wrote the poem that begins ``i love your lips when they are made of alcohol and red with a warm desire'''wet?
5 how big is the natural object?
3 who's uncle duke's girlfriend living with, honey?
3 what is the most common nickname of the u.s. body football teams?
5 how long is the world's largest ship in metric linear unit?
3 who was the first politician of wyoming?
5 how long does it take after intercommunication to find out if you're pregnant?
0 how does zoonosis spread?
3 What singer 's theme song was When the Moon Comes over the Mountain ?
1 What is the brand name of daminozide ?
4 where can i find a list of all companies in america that offer a direct stock purchase design?
5 how big is the arctic refuge to maintain unique wildlife and wildlife value on alaska's northern shore?
1 what four tournament do tennis''grand slam'?
5 When was the first Wall Street Journal published ?
1 what is a simple way to count the approximate number of pisces in a lake?
0 what is the lineage of the word'attic'?
3 which louisiana legislator won a seat held by his father and mother?
3 name's pittsburgh's baseball unit.
4 In what state was there an 11 million gallon oil spill ?
0 what is the difference between dad music and rock and roll?
1 what rabbit has his name because his sense organ resembled those of a donkey?
3 What is Rona Barrett 's married name ?
1 what concerts are taking place in new york this workweek?
4 where can i find data about george bush?
4 which u.s. state boasts stone mountain, the world's largest mass of exposed batholith?
1 What does an irate car owner call iron oxide ?
5 How many of them are in sub-Saharan Africa ?
1 what spice was once sold as patent medical science?
5 what is the average life expectancy of a adult in ireland in 1996?
3 what scientist followed columbus to america?
0 what is the administrative unit house in frankfurt?
4 What country 's flag is field green ?
3 Who founded the modern theory of probability ?
0 what is the order of the arrow in scouts?
5 how many more weeks of winter are there when a marble sees its shade?
3 what did the seven dwarves do for a animation?
5 how much caffeine is in a 16 -ounce cup of beverage?
3 Who were leaders of the Byzantine empire ?
3 Who was Ezra Taft Benson ?
0 in my antonia, how is mr. shishita out of point?
5 how many characters are there in the chinese rudiment?
1 what emblem is flying over wake island?
5 how many url extensions are there? and what are they?
1 ray charles is best known for playing what device?
4 What North American city would you visit to see Cleopatra 's Needle ?
0 what are carnivore and bull markets?
3 Who wrote the Farmer 's Almanac ?
0 how do i find a web savoir-faire for a company?
4 what are the four largest mountain extent in the continental usa?
0 what is a rule?
4 What city did the Flintstones live in ?
4 which bay shares maryland's eastern and western shores?
5 how many jews were executed in property camps during world war ii?
0 What is diabetes ?
0 what qualities contribute to his "ability"?
1 on what flight did fawaz youni commit air plagiarism and hostage -taking?
3 which president of the united states lived on 219 north delaware street, independence, missouri?
3 what piano company claims that its product is the device of the immortals?
4 where can i find a list of the "classic" books that the fifth and sixth critic should read?
5 what calendar month is the third weekend of the monterey jazz festival?
5 when did the royal ceremony of prince andrew and fergie take place?
4 What state in the United States covers the largest area ?
5 how many ocean do you call them?
4 which country is the origin of the dance band the creeps?
1 what substance did joseph priestley name for his quality to erase pencil marks?
1 What color tennis balls are used at Wimbledon ?
2 What does G.M.T. stand for ?
1 what's a emotion of fur?
3 what mysterious u.s. vice president was once accused of treason and acquitted in a conspiracy to build his own independent conglomerate in the west?
1 what was dwight eisenhower's favorite paper game?
3 which tv comedian worked with white fang, black tooth and pookie the lion?
3 what are the first name of rowan and martin, the stars of tv's laugh -in?
3 what singer got desperate over the change of freddie prince, left the show business and then left the business?
4 where are the good discipline pages on the internet?
1 what letter does the emblem of rwanda adorn?
0 what is the point of the name scarlett?
1 which organism has the best hearing?
0 how can sql question be improved?
1 What is a fear of fish ?
1 What cooking oil has `` corn goodness '' ?
0 Where do rocks come from ?
3 what kind of former cabinet member ronald reagan called federal policy towards the indians an example of the failure of political orientation?
3 what is the most common name in children's versification?
1 What video format was an alternative to VHS ?
5 how long does pregnancy last in homo?
3 who is the famous movie star who also served as provo canyon's channel commissioner, utah?
5 how's judy garland's anniversary?
1 what kind of organism was winnie the pooh?
0 what is the point of the sugar cane at christmas?
3 what two -year fictional fictional character does pencey prep school attend?
3 who invented make -up?
0 Where did the saying `` rule of thumb '' come from ?
0 why did several san diego schools stop serving apple to students?
5 how many kinds of dogs' cock are there - three
0 Why do people in the upper peninsula of Michagin say `` eh ? '' ?
3 what was the name of the daughter of virginia chief powhatan, world health organization married john rolfe?
0 What does the name Shawn mean ?
3 Who was actress June Havoc 's legendary sister ?
1 what four relish can a person distinguish?
5 how deep is a screw thread?
1 what is nevil shute fiction about the lost survivors of a nuclear war?
0 what is the origin of the term ``buffalo wings'', which is used as a bill item in bars throughout the nation for chicken in a spicy sauce?
5 what is a perfect evaluation in a gymnastics exercise?
1 what channel divided the north and south in the u.s. civil war?
3 who invented the lawn garden tool?
1 what letter appears on the cold water system faucet in spain?
4 where's poe's birthplace?
5 how many horny structure did a lobster named gun lose?
3 who was the first black artist to have his own tv entertainment?
4 which country was brian boru, baron of the xi? ==references ==
0 What does seccession mean ?
0 how did the hohenzollern build their might around 17?
4 what is the computer for the us magazine?
3 whose singing sound was synchronized for natalie wood in west side story and audrey hepburn in my fair lady?
4 what french seaport claims to be the sign of the zodiac of wines?
3 what was the language unit of the american folk hero john chapman?
3 which institution manufactured rotary motors?
0 What is `` flintknapping '' ?
4 which country has the larboard of haifa?
4 where can you find information about religion and health, neural structure and nutrition?
1 what enthusiastic taste buds first... snickers or three musketeers?
0 what's the seven -minute roll of tobacco?
0 What are manifest and latent function theories ?
5 how many sperms are in an average exclamation?
3 who's archie bunker with his male offspring -in -law?
3 What is the real name of the singer , Madonna ?
3 what's the name of the ship's company that makes spumante?
3 what drama surprised dwight d. eisenhower's first initiation by the birth of her first child?
0 What is the origin of the ethnic category `` caucasian '' ?
1 what is the most famous german word in the english lyric?
4 what biome country borders saudi arabia, iraq and the persian gulf?
0 What according to the Kinsey Institute , is the sexual preference of four percent of American males ?
3 which architect comes from the glass building designed by the chicago federal center had a philosophy of "less is more", "and produced plans that were the forerunner of the california ranch building".
3 who invented the dealings cone?
4 Where could I go to take a ride on a steam locomotive ?
3 What President had never held an elected office until he was elected to the White House ?
1 what name of beer is translated as ``lion alcohol''?
1 what kind of phenomenon do you expect to read in the monthly work the bigfoot news?
4 Where are diamonds mined ?
3 Who invented the fountain ?
0 What was the filling in the first golf balls ?
3 call the poet of the poem that begins: i don't know much about deity; but i think the river is a strong brown god -sullen, and unblemished?
1 what connects white alcohol to the syringe in a syringe?
5 What is the quantity of American soldiers still unaccounted for from the Vietnam war ?
1 which press is "fine conversation for men"?
0 what was the woof of the first golf balls?
0 What 's the difference between J.D. and LL.M. ?
1 what needs to be produced in a habeas capital warrant?
1 for which disease is sinemet used as a care?
5 in what time period was the actress joan collins born?
1 what semblance is chablis?
3 which performer was banned from the ed sullivan show because he allegedly made an obscene gesture at the host of the show?
3 who is music manager for control and control systems at jpl?
1 which words in english have two u's rear to rear?
1 name the soft drink that is "act one in the sun."
1 what was the name of america's first manned space idea?
3 which indispensable provider of inheritance music celebrated its fifth anniversary in july, 1984?
1 What first-aid product `` Helps the hurt stop hurting '' ?
1 what can i use to remove the stubborn rubber label from some disks?
5 what geological meter are we living in?
3 what video recording game hero do some of his fans call chomper?
3 which president of the united states went on the jogging trail to improve his sporting image and, sports number 39, almost collapsed during the race?
4 what russian port has a name that means "lord of the east"?
0 what happens when sodium is given in binary compound?
0 Why do rooftops give off steam after a big rainstorm ?
4 where to find message on queensland's national competition policy
1 are you referring to the story of chris van allsburg, where a son tries to become a great sailor?
5 what class did the vietnam war end?
3 who makes chicken digit -licking good?
3 what two historical figures United Nations agency fought in a famous battle each have a meal named after them?
4 What city or state do the most gay men live in ?
3 What 's the name of the actress who starred in the movie , `` Silence of the Lambs '' ?
4 what is the largest cathedral in the natural object?
0 how can i easily remove red wine mark from t -shirts?
1 what's the high phone you hear in your ear now and then, but then it disappears after a while?
0 how does liquid body substance clot work?
4 what are the largest consequence in the world?
3 who said the only situation we have to fear is fear itself?
4 Which way do you turn your Bic to increase the flame - clockwise or counterclockwise ?
3 who are the two sons of ozzie and harriet nelson?
0 What exactly is the purpose of the anteater ?
1 what does a european wolf spider eat?
1 which animal was the heat -seeking rocket after which the sidewinder was named?
3 what civil war general has caused confusion in the south by marching through georgia on his way to the sea?
1 what was the language unit of sergeant preston of the yukon's guide dog?
0 How do you exterminate bees that are in the walls of your home ? Will bee eggs remain over winter ?
5 how many letters appear with the numbers from 2 to 9 on a electronic equipment?
3 what fool isn't smart enough to lose an profanity to win a paradise?
1 what was john steinbeck's motion friend charley?
4 where can i find examples of legal cases concerning the law on disability activity?
5 On average , how many miles are there to the moon ?
1 what calamity occurred in dogtown in 1899?
4 Where is the group M People from ?
1 what's the only gland in people world health organization can regenerate themselves?
5 how many of the state's children between the age of two and eleven "the simpsons"?
1 what kind of skyrocket launched the surveyor spaceship?
5 What year did Hitler die ?
4 what is the position of an italian restaurant on 239 west 48th street, new york city?
0 how can i find someone's electronic mail address on the internet?
3 who knew he'd never see a poem as beautiful as a woody plant?
0 How do you box train a cat ?
4 what italian municipality of 155 were leonardo da vinci, michaelangelo and machiavelli all in?
4 what is the oldest web site on the internet?
0 what are amphibian?
0 how do you determine if a machine monitor has an svga adapter?
4 where is the most active vent in the world?
4 what are some good medical pages for message?
4 what state full of milk and honey was the target in the grapes of wrath?
1 what four -legged animal has a cornell university study said that it would make humans the best companion in space?
4 what ocean surrounds the maldives?
1 what two great world belief began in india?
5 how many depression are there on a small edge?
3 who's the only man who's won the olympic ten -game twice?
1 Names of books by James A. Michener set in the following locations ?
2 what is the abbreviation of the company language unit general motors?
3 Whose special bear 's creator was born on January 18 , 1779 ?
1 which animal has the biggest opinion?
3 what bourbon king was returned to the french throne during napoleon's resignation?
1 which five cards make a perfect card game hand?
1 what card game does the wheel of fortune, the lovers and death contain?
1 what's the fastest machine?
3 What daughter of Henry VIII and Anne Boleyn became queen of England ?
0 how did examiner james j. kilroy describe the equipment as satisfactory?
0 what triggered a league between eisenhower and khrushchev?
1 What is a fear of strong light ?
0 what happens when lightning strikes a consistency of water?
3 what tv character did a equine named thunder breed?
5 what is the body count of an elephant?
3 who else was considered for the role of luke skywalker when george lucas appeared for star wars?
5 How many hostages were killed in the Entebbe raid ?
0 what is a state of the first world?
3 who is the lead singer of led zeppelin band?
0 why does the airplane crash or slide down?
1 what english son comes from the old french covrefeu, meaning cover fire?
3 who retired with 755 residence runs?
1 which ernest hemingway novel had the heading fiesta?
1 what kind of education do you need to become a sports trainer for the nfl?
3 What was the first U.S.-based team in the NHL ?
1 what's the only color johnny cash wears on stagecoach?
1 What Leoncavallo opera features a prologue by a clown ?
3 who made the musical argument "true to your school"?
3 which u.s. air force general led the first bomb operation on tokyo?
5 How many equal angles are there in an isosceles triangle ?
4 which country has the longest coastline of the great lakes?
1 what kind of mutant team are the wisconsin badgers?
0 What does the name Gina mean ?
4 what celestial body has a diameter of 864, 000 linear unit?
4 what is the language unit of the temple near the capital of laos?
1 what does final four mean in the sports worldly concern?
1 what is the word tennis to come from the french word for egg?
1 what spiciness was once sold as patent medicine?
5 what part of a fur's life is spent swimming?
3 who painted "soft self portrait" with grilled cut of pork?
1 what does the playboy call his "ongoing dialogue on current topics between playboy and his subscriber"?
0 what happens when lightning strikes a natural object of water?
0 what is the origin of the term ``buffalo wings'', which is used as a menu item in bars throughout the state for chicken in a spicy sauce?
3 what enterprise exports sparkling wine?
0 what is the poetic measuring device of empty writing style?
5 how many kinds of unpleasant person are there?
3 What poet wrote : `` ... I have promises to keep , and miles to go before I sleep '' ?
3 what's the most popular last language unit?
3 what was the world's largest department mercantile establishment called?
1 what baseball score required nine testis in 1879, eight testis in 1880 and seven testis in 1881?
1 what alloys are copper and metallic element?
1 what book opens: ```in a certain greenwich village in la mancha, which i will not name.'''''''?
1 What gaming devices were dubbed `` Mississippi marbles '' and `` Memphis dominoes '' ?
3 who was whitcomb judson?
4 what was the birthplace of edgar allen poe?
5 how much has varian associates tried to sell its void products division to the boc group for?
1 what board game does a ````````forest dealer''play badly?
0 what is making sexual love?
0 What causes blue balls ?
1 what is the most cultivated and eaten substance?
5 how long was mao's march in the decade?
5 how many contractile organ does an oyster have?
0 what is e -commerce?
5 How much energy is released when oxygen and hydrogen mix ?
4 what is the internet savoir-faire of the list of email savoir-fairees of members of the house of representatives?
1 what's wrong with a adult who suffers from diphalic terata?
3 what paper company sells christmas jewelry?
3 who is the king of swing?
1 what animal are buffalo means from?
3 Whose cupboard was bare ?
5 when was the big thompson geological phenomenon?
3 who wrote the pines of rome?
0 what currents affect the shetland and orkney land in the north sea?
3 What was Michelangelo 's last name ?
3 What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?
3 who led the normans to ending in the battle of hastings?
0 How do you build a solar car for a high school experiment ?
3 who's uncle duke's girlfriend living with, beloved?
3 What famous comedian recently tried without success to revive the play ?
3 what letter of the fast food magnate decorated the left sleeves of the san diego padres baseball uniforms in 1984?
1 what cover of the beatles award the rolling stones?
0 how does ultraviolet light damage the dna of skin cells?
0 how do poultry get poultry?
0 what was the verdict in the 1925 test against john t. scopes?
1 what fast food is prepared with a secret blend of 11 herbs and preservative?''
5 what was the day of the first broadcast of cnn?
3 who died a metric linear unit from john f. kennedy?
4 What general direction does the journey in Around the World in 80 Days proceed in ?
1 in which sport are these book relevant: 118, 126, 134, 142, 15, 158, 167, 177 and 19?
0 what is the causal agent of endangered species?
1 What 's a `` Drinker respirator '' better known as ?
1 what substance has marco polo imported into italy from the court kubla khan?
5 How many games are played in a five-team round-robin tournament ?
3 what the california governor said, "inaction can be the highest word of action"?
0 what is the difference between a committee of directors and an advisory committee?
0 What should you yell to hail a taxi in Madrid ?
0 how does the chain of instruction work in an apache helicopter of the us army?
0 what was the claim to honor of explorer i, launched february 1, 1958?
4 where do i find the savoir-faire of a person with a phone number?
5 what seven digits follow the territorial written communication in the number for remote information?
3 what's the language unit of the famous flyer who mistakenly flew to ireland instead of los angeles?
0 Why do some jets have a vapor trail , and others do not ?
1 What was Jimmy Durante 's theme song ?
3 what is the actor's biography called all my yesterdays?
1 what kind of stringed instrument did jimi hendrix play?
1 what's the term for someone who hates humanness?
1 what are the most common education birds in the usa?
3 what are the three most successful institution of our time?
3 which actor was the first world to appear on mccall's cover?
1 what's a emotion of glass?
1 what is the word for a group of geese?
0 what is the meaning of thalassemia?
0 what is the nature of snow and how is the formation of snow different from that of ice rink?
3 Who was the captain of the tanker , Exxon Valdez , involved in the oil spill in Prince William Sound , Alaska , 1989 ?
3 what professional male offspring of cricketer wrote the war of the worlds in 1898?
1 What series of trials followed World War II ?
1 what shakespeare firearm contained shylock?
1 Name a film in which Jude Law acted .
4 which state boasts the palace of ismail and the palace of king farouk?
1 what six words follow the line ```from a boy to a sovereign''''''''?
0 why do daughter have to wear training bras?
1 the corpus callosum is in what function of the body?
4 What country did the Mau Mau Uprising take place in ?
3 who led the opposition when konrad adenauer was chancellor of germany?
5 how much department of energy is released when oxygen and hydrogen are mixed?
1 what is a fear of crystal or glass?
1 what j.r.r. tolkien book shows bilbo baggins as the central fictional character?
3 who lived on the banks of the gitchee gumee river?
4 What country 's people are the top television watchers ?
1 what is the most commonly used 1 -letter son in english?
1 what's the round relation on the top of a matchbook called?
1 what was the name of the famous texas -mexico military action?
0 What are the Twin Cities ?
4 which country is the home plate of heineken beer?
0 what causes a person to have sweaty guardianship and feet all the time?
0 what is the origin of the condition ``buffalo wings'', which is used as a menu item in bars throughout the nation for chicken in a spicy sauce?
3 what argentinean boxer was shot in may outside a building in nevada?
3 Which Vietnamese terrorist is now a UN delegate in Doonesbury ?
1 What 2 statues did France give to other countries ?
3 who asked you to do the loco motion with her in 1962?
5 The Shea & Gould law firm had an office in L.A. for how many years ?
0 What does the name `` Justin '' mean ?
1 What Stephen Sondheim ballad ends : `` Well , maybe next year.. . '' ?
4 In what city does Maurizio Pellegrin now live ?
1 What took first prize in Omni magazine 's contest to find the `` ultimate unanswerable question '' ?
3 What baseball team owner and sailor is known as The Mouth of the South ?
4 where did freidreich wilhelm ludwig leithardt, prussian born explorer, go to educational institution?
4 what are the four body of water of the world?
1 what product was jude law in?
3 who taught matt murdock to use his extraordinary abilities in marvel comics?
4 what country is niagara falls in?
0 what is the s &p 500 used for?
0 Where did the term `` 86ed '' come from ?
4 what is the most important political unit in the world, historically?
1 what metier is stuart hammlen the first singing cowboy in?
1 what food of the three carnivore ate goldilocks?
5 cnn started broadcasting in what class?
1 what's the term for person who hates humanity?
3 who wrote dublin's?
0 how does cos cob, ct get his language unit?
1 Where is the human skin least sensitive ?
1 What is the lens behind the iris in the eye called ?
1 what is an campaign to climb mountains?
5 how many question are there?
5 how many south american political unit have the letter z in their names?
1 What did Dan Aykroyd and John Belushi quit Saturday Night Live to become ?
3 who wrote "the godfather"?
3 what famous meat institution went out of business because it became known that the underworld sold them kangaroo meat?
5 in what hundred did the romance of art begin?
3 what writer named yousuf karsh the sharpest world i've ever met?
4 What continent 's name appears on the upper left corner of a Budweiser label ?
3 What President was meant for , but never placed in , the empty crypt beneath the capital 's rotunda ?
1 What 's the shape of a camel 's spine ?
1 what is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptom such as involuntary movements, ticks, swearing and incoherent vocalizations, grunts, screams, etc.?
3 what's the language unit of the ceo of apricot computer?
4 Where is the location of the Orange Bowl ?
5 how many miles of veins are in dissemination?
5 How many years did it take James Joyce to write Ulysses ?
5 how many spaces follow a period at the goal of a sentence?
5 how often in his 16 -year -old national basketball associate occupation was john havlicek a member of the all -star team?
5 how long before your blood makes a complete journey through the consistency?
3 who invented the paper supply chamber?
0 What was The Living Room War ?
4 which political unit is the world's largest importer of cognac?
1 what was the first breakfast grass?
5 when did the creation of quilt begin?
5 how many south american countries have the letter z in their name?
1 What are some tips for building a fire in a fireplace ?
0 What was the outcome of the 1945 Yalta Conference ?
3 what was the name of the man United Nations agency was killed in a duel with aaron burr?
5 how much did manchester united spend on contestant in 1993?
3 which radio receiver, tv and movie characters played jackie gleason and william bendix?
1 what military action saw a sea battle between cap trafalgar and carmania?
3 who played the role of godfather in the movie ``the godfather'?
5 when was cigarette advertising banned on television and broadcasting?
3 what comedy surprised dwight d. eisenhower's first initiation by the beginning of her first child?
3 who is the director of intergovernmental affairs of the county of san diego?
1 in what movie was steven spielberg with hundestar the dog the main imaginary being?
5 how many hours does it take for a writer to produce a 100 -page handwriting?
5 how many game are dealt to each player in gin rummy?
4 What sea separates Naples and Algiers ?
5 What date is Richard Nixon 's birthday ?
0 how has television receiver influenced our society?
1 what sign is the water carrier, the region sign for?
3 who said, "what despicable unwelcome person stole the cork from my lunch?"
1 what is the largest us agricultural output by weight?
3 What ethnic group introduced the idea of potlatch ?
3 what circuit board company sells christmas jewelry?
4 what does the seine extremity in?
3 who makes their money on the hard road?
5 How many villi are found in the small intestine ?
0 How does hair curl ?
4 in which country did the mau mau revolt take home?
5 what share of silver production is carried out by independent silver smelters?
1 What was the killer whale who died at Sea World of a fungal infection named ?
0 why are electric cars less efficient in the compass point than in california?
1 what's a fear of sin?
5 what are the chances of having twin?
3 What composer was awarded the Medal of Honor by Franklin D. Roosevelt ?
1 what was the biggest factor in keeping north american cars off the thoroughfare during world war ii?
1 what's the common language unit for a japanese dwarf tree?
5 how many life does a typical maifly live?
0 what are the seven deadly unrighteousness?
1 what british broadcasting series did emma peel contain?
0 what are the concept for "snow wolf"?
0 what's a borg colliery?
5 how much refrigerator is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside?
5 how many rows of whiskers does a cat-o'-nine-tails have?
1 what is a emotion of children?
4 where can i find the full written negotiable instrument of the ctbt?
1 which animal killed most multitude?
1 what rituals accompany the feast day of a newborn child in judaism?
1 what's the name of jacques cousteau's research tube?
5 Independent silversmith 's account for what percentage of silver production ?
4 which scandinavian capital is built on nine bridge connected islands?
5 how many syllables are there in a series of hendekalartic writing style?
0 why do group shake hands to show kindness?
5 how much money does a back wound charge get?
4 what ocean surrounds the maldives?
3 who said, "i'm down on woman and i won't stop tearing them up"?
3 who was the 16th president of the united states?
3 what medical practitioner in a 1946 -book says there's such a thing as a bad boy?
3 which diamond manufacturer controls about 80% of the worldly concern's diamonds?
0 what are maid religious ceremony?
3 who said the only word in mel brooks's silent movie?
3 which japanese manufacturer is known for both its keyboard instrument and its motorcycles?
3 United Nations agency was the king United Nations agency was forced to agree to the magna carta?
1 madonna hocks, what soft swallow?
0 what was the rational motive for the division of the anglican and vatican churches?
5 what is the being span of the average monkey?
1 What is a fear of parasites ?
5 in what time period was the first patent for the pull tab opener obtained on cans?
1 which book is subtitled the preservation of favoured races in the struggle for life?
5 how many body did germany receive after the first world war?
5 what is the highest number of home score on record for a game?
3 what network whipped its mutant programs on inga nielsen's body in 197?
3 who invented the process to make condensed beverage?
4 where did george live in the location?
3 what network whipped its sports idea on inga nielsen's body in 197?
4 which public square is the geographical centre of london?
5 How many islands make up Antigua ?
3 who is the antichrist?
5 how many john deere self-propelled vehicle were produced?
0 how does blood ball work?
5 What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?
1 What holidays are celebrated in Ireland ?
4 What country 's royal house is Bourbon-Parma ?
1 what was the language unit of betty boop's dog?
5 what is the frequency of vhf?
1 what kind of organism are there in cambodia?
3 which comedian was banned from the ed sullivan show because he allegedly made an obscene gesture at the adult of the show?
4 What is the largest city in Connecticut ?
1 the language unit of king arthur's sword?
5 How many thousands of students attend the University of Massachusetts ?
3 what 1920s cowboy celestial body rides tony the wonder horse?
4 which is the oldest ethnological museum in the natural object?
3 who was the first governor of wyoming?
5 how many pounds are there in one gem?
5 how will the california state of matter tax increase by 2000?
3 what catch -22 fictional character is elected mayor of half a dozen italian cities?
5 how many sovereign were in the roman empire?
4 which building is adequately represented on the back of the 1 -dollar legal document?
1 what european race sees the contestant of the mountain stage with a shirt with big red points?
1 what are the most common elements in sea water system?
0 how do i get access to a spy tract?
3 Who sings the song `` Drink to me with thine eyes '' by Ben Johnson ?
0 how do i get a comedian that i have copyrighted and published?
3 which actor had the greatest fame on television became the parent of triplets?
0 What prompted the co-pilot of the Enola Gay to enter only `` My God '' in his log ?
1 which limb does a cat move with its left front limb when walking, its left hind limb or its right hind limb?
5 what can you pay for having a andiron on the beach?
1 What is the best brand for a laptop computer ?
5 how much is a 1967 -dollar canadian gold coinage worth?
5 what's the focal ratio of the mississippi?
0 what is the origin of the son trigonometry?
3 which us corporate executive were masons?
1 what is an expedition to climb batch?
3 what comedian calls her male sibling -in -law captain bligh and her mother -in -law moby dick?
5 how much salt is in the body of water?
3 Who created Dennis the Menace ?
4 which sphere produces the least acidic coffee?
3 who lived on the botanist of the gitchee gumee river?
4 where can i find a teaching plan for teaching metric system conversion to american standard?
5 what is the current menu from cairo to barbados?
3 what italian leader has been afraid of the evil eye for being?
3 who's the richest man in the world?
1 what is the name of the jewish rudiment?
1 what are the names of the historical attempt after the second world war?
1 which old kids''fare did tv guide author jeff greenfield call one of the most subversive tv shows in american history''?
5 how many means does a fly have?
0 what is the origin of the term ```four -letter son''?
5 what's the first time unit of the week?
5 how much does a avoirdupois unit of cement cost?
1 What is a fear of water ?
3 what miracle charwoman wrote the inspiring book i believe in miracles?
0 how does a glacier human body?
0 how does an ion propulsion work?
3 What group included Abbey Hoffman , Jerry Rubin , and Tom Hayden ?
1 what part of her consumer goods was "baton hooks" for old west cowboys?
0 What do you do when your mouse is n't working as fast as it 's supposed to ?
5 How much do tuberculosis combatting drugs cost ?
1 what common plant has a button, cap, shell, gill and ring?
0 what is the origin of the language unit, jj?
3 Who 's the lead singer of the Led Zeppelin band ?
1 what did the elder call the four great elements?
3 Who is Coronado ?
5 how many affection does an octopus have?
0 how does an abacus employment?
4 which state ruled king wenceslas?
3 who was the celestial body of 1965 broadway hit golden boy?
0 How is Answers.com different from KnowPost.com ?
5 how often in his 16 -year -old national basketball associate career was john havlicek a penis of the all -star team?
1 what common plant has a fastener, cap, shell, gills and ring?
0 what is the difference between a introduction and a introduction?
3 what singer got desperate over the death of freddie prince, left the entertainment business and then left the business?
0 what does the word camaro from the gm cable car, the camaro mean?
0 where does cannabis come from?
3 which believer is taylor caldwell's great lion of god?
1 What kind of nuts are used in marzipan ?
0 what is the deviation between a fruit and a vegetable?
3 who has more dna? a world or a woworld?
5 what are the chances of getting four time?
1 what four -legged creature has a cornell university study said that it would make group the best companion in space?
0 what's the definition of a enchantress?
0 What is limbo ?
5 what are the unemployment statistics for the 1965s and decade?
0 what are the medical goal of clitoral necropsy?
3 what civil war general officer has caused chaos in the south by marching through georgia on his way to the sea?
4 which country is partially bounded by the indian ocean and pink and tasman seas?
3 who is known as "the oldest teenager in the worldly concern"?
3 who said, "the winner will never be asked if he was telling the fact?"
4 What state did Anita Bryant represent in the 1959 Miss America contest ?
0 what is accomplishment interview technology?
4 what is the best computer for online games?
0 what is the information that domestic plants metabolize carcinogens?
3 who portrayed maggio in the film from here to eternity?
3 who said, "i'm down on whores and i won't stop tearing them up"?
1 what colour do good rhine wine come in?
4 which state is directly south of detroit?
0 How do they type Chinese characters on a keyboard ?
3 Who invented batteries ?
3 Who was the only president to serve two nonconsecutive terms ?
3 who was charles lindbergh's spouse?
5 how much is the capital of apple computers, and where can i find this information?
3 who's johnny carson?
0 why are attraction on?
3 who's the sexy star?
3 who is the prophet of the belief of islam?
1 What game do Steve McQueen and Edward G. Robinson play in The Cincinnati Kid ?
0 what's a bourdon pipe?
1 What medium is Stuart Hamblen the first singing cowboy in ?
3 Who was Garrett Morgan married to ?
3 Who was the conservationist who served as spokesperson for Post Grape Nuts ?
3 what doctor in a 1946 -book says there's such a matter as a bad boy?
3 whose capture was called "the crime of the century"?
0 how can sql questioning be improved?
4 what was the largest city in the world that declared martial jurisprudence in 1989?
4 which two country encompass chesapeake bay?
1 In Kafka 's Metamorphosis , the hero awakes one morning to find himself turned into what ?
3 Who wrote the lyrics to Porgy and Bess ?
1 what is the most common type of skin malignant tumor in the usa?
0 What was the effect of the Yalta Conference ?
1 What are the most common breeding birds in the U.S. ?
4 where can i find information on research into seed through genetics?
3 what democratic joke ball dragged the train out of the facility while richard nixon was talking about caboose?
4 Where can I find pictorial directions on how to build a very simple treehouse ?
3 What British commander surrendered to George Washington at Yorktown in 1781 ?
1 what is considered to be the most cost -effective disaster the indemnity industry has ever faced?
5 how many stars are on the pin of the soviet union?
0 what's the difference between a man and a one -bedroom apartment?
4 what national margin border mozambique?
5 what is the average collection of the restaurant manager in the united states?
4 which mountain stove marks the border with france and spain?
4 what's the name of the satellite the ewoks live on?
0 what happens to used motor lipid?
3 who is the founder and firm of the national review?
4 What U.S. state boasts Stone Mountain , the world 's largest mass of exposed granite ?
4 What 's the fifth-largest country in the world ?
3 who wrote the publication "huckleberry finn"?
4 where are the haversian channel?
5 About how many soldiers died in World War II ?
0 What does the word `` meta '' mean ?
5 How often are quadruplets born ?
4 what is the address of the external body part office of the government in rome, italy?
3 who was the first english sailor in the worldly concern?
5 how many rows of whiskers does a feline have?
3 what society invented the arc?
1 what did jack trade with the butcher for a handful of bean?
4 which country is the origin of the band the creeps?
3 When not adventuring on Rann , what does Adam Strange call his profession ?
0 What is the contents of proposition 98 ?
3 for which unit did babe ruth play his first major league game?
3 what is the most famous personality of john merrick, the noble ogre of victorian england?
3 what social group did mr. waverly employ agents for?
3 who's the richest man in the world without owning a enterprise?
5 What debts did Qintex group leave ?
5 what's the world record for the longest body covering?
0 what hasn't rocky marciano done in his professional boxing occupation?
3 what singer got desperate over the death of freddie prince, left the show enterprise and then left the enterprise?
2 What does NAFTA stand for ?
1 what kind of exercise burns most work unit?
5 when does wee willie winkie run through township?
3 who killed more multitude, hitler or stalin?
4 what municipality was known for its pea soup?
0 what does the rake sed rate mean?
1 What drink is formed of tequila , orange juice and galliano ?
5 how many curvature are there in a standard office clamp?
0 What is saltpeter ?
3 who made the toiletry that says it actually builds resistance to odors?
1 what do even-toed ungulate store in their humps?
3 what piano company claims that its commodity is the instrument of the immortals?
1 what powder soft drink mix went into attribute?
0 what is the origin of the condition "blue moon", and how often do they occur?
5 when did man first real property on the moon?
1 what's the name of the salt lake city newspaper?
4 What airport is on the Piccadilly subway line ?
3 who's henry butler?
0 what are assets securities?
3 what group asked the musical question do you believe in magic trick?
3 what kind of doctor is synonymous with shoes and foot concern?
1 what are the name of the different toes?
1 what are ``arrow needles''and ``power unit'' better known than?
1 what semblance make a rainbow?
3 name of the champion in ``scruples''?
4 which configuration contains the castor and pollux twins?
1 what is the zodiac clue for august 14?
1 which card activity has variations called canfield, klondike and spider?
4 what european capital celebrated its 2.000th day in 1951?
0 how is department of energy produced?
5 what is the percentage of children two to eleven years old United Nations agency watch the simpsons?
1 what tv show did john sebastian sing the theme for?
4 what is the internet address of the tilt of email addresses of members of the house of representatives?
5 how many children under 18.m. are victim of physical abuse every year?
1 what hermann hesse's record gave his name to a rock band?
3 Who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
1 what tv show shows the adventures of a couple named jonathan and jennifer?
3 which writer is known to place himself physically at the kernel of his subject?
0 how does the stern affect the flight of a dragon?
3 who was the oldest u.s. corporate executive?
4 where does wile e. coyote always get his instrumentality?
3 who portrayed sherlock holmes in 14 -film series between 1939 and 1946?
0 What is commonly considered the fifth sense ?
1 what communication is spoken most in brazil?
3 Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?
3 what tv host names a series of force's clothes?
4 which batch range marks the border with france and spain?
1 what is the prevailing semblance of the tab label?
5 what is a perfect score in a gymnastics use?
1 what is the longest language unit in english?
1 What color beans did the ancient Romans refuse to eat ?
4 which royal building is bourbon parma?
5 how many hummingbird foodstuff could fit into a ostrich egg?
3 who was the first man to return to attribute?
1 what baseball score required nine game equipment in 1879, eight game equipment in 1880 and seven game equipment in 1881?
4 name an creation gallery in new york.
1 what is a concern above all?
3 What was Queen Victoria 's title regarding India ?
3 What Polynesian people inhabit New Zealand ?
5 how many quarters are equal to a avoirdupois unit?
4 Where is the Kentucky Horse Park located ?
0 what triggered a meeting between eisenhower and khrushchev?
0 why did several san diego school remove apples from the students' menus?
3 who built the first successful roller coaster?
3 who's the voyager project leader?
1 what is the longest english word that can be made with only the first row of letter on a typewriter?
5 How many head injuries are there in recreational ice skating each year ?
0 Why did the world enter a global depression in 1929 ?
3 who are the ten best rich group in the world?
5 how many component are the symbol for ``cause''?
1 What rum is so `` mixable '' it is a one-brand bar ?
3 which company has the internet browser mosaic?
0 what's the difference between sexual love and sexual love?
3 who is peter weir?
1 what kind of training do you need to become a diversion trainer for the nfl?
1 what tv entertainment was on january 15, 1981?
1 what are the defamation of the historical trials after the second world war?
1 what is bella abzug's sartorial hallmark?
4 What continent is Bolivia on ?
4 where can i find a review of nightmare on elm street in a film daybook?
0 how does a hydropower plant employment?
5 in what class did the bounty mutiny happen?
0 how is the election of a new pope announced to the natural object?
1 which spice do the chefs pay the most for?
1 what do penguin eat?
4 which countries have the largest influence in the world?
3 who shot and killed himself painting wheatfield with crows?
5 how much money does a back ill health charge get?
4 what is the name of the temple near the das kapital of laos?
0 What was the infamous feat of Germany 's U-2 submarine ?
1 what was the name of the american ship that was sunk by a mine in the geographic point of havana and started the spanish -american war?
3 what green bay packer's coach philosophed: "there's nothing that shoots happening like hate"?
4 where do i find the defamation of all 15 -pokemon?
3 who is karenna gore, the eldest daughter of al gore?
0 How do chickens have baby chicks ?
0 what's a jake restraint?
5 How many syllables are there in a line of hendecasyllabic poetry ?
1 what war saw a sea struggle between cap trafalgar and carmania?
3 do you call the company that used the line ```even your best person will not say ``in his ad'?
1 which five cards make a perfect cribbage extremity?
0 what's the california state saying?
1 what common plant has a button, cap, shell, gills and sound?
3 which japanese car manufacturer had the largest share of domestic income?
3 Who is the actress Bette Davis once said she wished she looked like ?
3 what famous fool appeared on an early howdy doody show and insisted that clarabell be invented as a real fool?
3 who taught matt murdock to use his extraordinary abilities in marvel comics?
5 what's the focal ratio of the mississippi?
1 What type of performer is Ileana Cotrubas ?
1 what is the best brand for a laptop machine?
4 what do you see in versification?
1 what makes microsoft's windows 3 a happening?
1 What Russian novel embracing more the 5 characters is set in the Napoleonic Wars ?
3 which louisiana senator won a seat held by his parent and mother?
4 which mountain region of the world is the lhasa apso andiron, which is housed in the world?
4 what were the first three cities to have a people of more than one million?
3 which architect comes from the glass sign of the zodiac designed by the chicago federal center had a philosophy of "less is more", "and produced plans that were the forerunner of the california ranch sign of the zodiac".
3 who is samuel f. pickering?
4 where do i get a complete tilt of showtime in my area?
5 how many crystal are there?
5 what was the kill shot at the happening of mount pinatubo?
1 what kind of a massacre in the members of bugs moran's kit?
0 what is the highest roman act?
3 which architect comes from the glass house designed by the chicago federal center had a philosophy of "less is more", "and produced plans that were the person of the california ranch house".
3 which diamond business controls about 80% of the world's diamonds?
0 what makes the body reflex at cold temperatures?
5 how much money did the marcos steal from their political unit?
5 how many maid have milked?
3 Name the child left on a doorstep at the beginning of Gasoline Alley .
1 what's beethoven's ninth sonata called?
5 how much money did the former philippine authoritarian marcos steal from the treasury?
4 which mediterranean land hosts the first club med?
0 why are electric car less efficient in the northeast than in california?
3 which record ship's company was founded by herb alpert and jerry moss?
1 what were popular sung and types of sung in the 1920s?
3 Who owns the rights on a TV program ?
3 who played with julie andrews in mary poppins?
3 who was shakespeare with the moorish general officer?
1 what is the social control area between baltic avenue and reading railroad on a monopoly board?
4 Where is Windsor Castle ?
4 What country did the Nile River originate in ?
1 what's beethoven's ninth symphony orchestra called?
5 What 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?
5 What day of the week was July 13 ?
3 name a female ice rink skater.
5 How far can a man travel in outer space ?
1 name the vessel used by the atari force in dc comics.
3 who was the first person to study the stars?
1 which russian fiction, which more encompasses the five characters, is set in the napoleonic wars?
3 Which German president was pressured into appointing Hitler chancellor in 1933 ?
4 which country will meet the second class?
5 what is a perfect score in a gymnastics use?
4 what is a state that starts with the letter x?
3 name of the hero in ``scruples''?
5 how many american soldiers have died for their country to this time unit?
5 how many layer are there in a bottle of yoo -hoo?
5 how many penis are in the california congressional delegation?
0 what are the advantage of homeschool?
4 what city in southern california is named after a illustration that was famous by edgar rice burroughs?
3 who killed jfk?
4 Where can one find Rider College ?
4 which political unit did the ancient romans refer to as hibernia?
1 what creature frightens people in the product "jaws"?
3 which bread company has put cisco kid stickers at the end of their package?
4 what australian city became the home plate of america's cup?
1 What household facility contains a float ball , ballcock , and overflow tube ?
0 what are the medical determination of clitoral necropsy?
0 what does the double -o display in 007?
1 What song did Patti Page set people dancing to in 1950 ?
4 what kind of botanical happening has nebuchadnezzar built?
0 What is the theory of equivalence states ?
1 on what formation did fawaz youni commit air piracy and hostage -taking?
1 what was the first domesticated vertebrate?
1 what fuel do heavier-than-air craft use?
4 What country is proud to claim Volcano National Park ?
3 which u.s. president was the first to raise equine?
1 which drink consists of rum, food milk and pineapple?
1 what color is the strip on each slope of a coho salmon?
0 what is class?
4 which u.s. country lived under six flags?
1 What sport do the Cleaveland Cavaliers play ?
0 how can i find out how much it costs to raise a child for six months?
3 name the different super teams the angel was function of.
3 who's stealing?
5 What is the fare cost for the round trip between New York and London on Concorde ?
3 What buxom blonde appeared on the cover of more than 5 magazines ?
3 what famous male singer has the same name as the musician of opera hansel and gretel?
0 what is the lineage of the term ```four -letter word''?
3 who was israel's first prime minister?
1 what is a emotion of sin?
0 where does the condition "cloud nine" come from?
2 what is the right property to shorten cc.at the end of a business letter?
1 what's another word for fare?
4 which political unit borders most others?
3 who was the author of the book on computer hackers called ``the egg of cock': a spy through the labyrinth of computer spying''?
3 who's the sound of miss piggy?
1 what term does a czech function to describe a pole?
4 What U.S. state boasts Leif Ericson Park ?
5 when was the first successful heart transplant for a hominid?
1 the name of king arthur's weapon?
4 what former royal palace served as a granary, prison, arsenal, leprosy, large indefinite quantity, telegraph station and puff before becoming an art museum?
5 how many antioxidant -commantioxidantrcantioxidant companiantioxidants arantioxidant crantioxidantatantioxidantd daily?
0 what is a motor vehicle comment?
3 at what university was woodrow wilson corporate executive?
0 what's the difference between a vessel and a glass?
4 Where is the Orange Bowl ?
4 where are the 49th stairway?
0 what do you say to a friend United Nations agency ignores you for other friends?
3 what savage and madman wrote a book called cruel situation?
1 what four element are 90 percent of the human body?
3 What comedian was born Allen Stewart Konigsberg ?
3 who wrote the sci -fi trilogy foundation, foundation and empire and second foundation?
1 what nutrients are for healthy bones and dentition?
3 Who is the director of the international group called the Human Genome Organization , HUGO , that is trying to coordinate gene-mapping research worldwide ?
3 which radio devotion are the jim bohannon radio talk show?
1 what 12 -hour cold medicine does the formula ```` 6, 6, 12''use in their promotion?
3 who's the richest man in the world without owning a clientele?
4 What river does the Grand Coulee Dam dam ?
0 What is `` alternative '' anymore ?
1 what is the language unit for love of pain or abuse?
1 What Michelangelo sculpture is in Saint Peter 's Cathedral , Basilica , ?
1 What does a collier mine ?
3 which international social group was founded by clara barton?
3 what are the first names of lunt and fontanne's famous world and woworld?
3 who was the first jockey to ride two triple crown contestant?
0 what does the double -o entertainment in 007?
3 who sang the song "hooked on a feeling" in the dancing baby episode of ally mcbeal?
0 How can I trace my family roots ?
1 What is the recipe for Eggs Benedict ?
5 how big is the chappellet farm?
1 what product doubles your joy, doubles your fun?
5 how many dogs pull a sled in an idiot's habitation?
3 which communicator is known to place himself physically at the centre of his subject?
3 who wrote the ugly duckling?
1 what kind of aquatic vertebrate is a cone?
4 how do you turn your motorcycle to raise the flame clockwise or clockwise?
3 which british pop star of the sixties and early 1970s was a child actress in the 1940s and 50s?
5 What is Dick Clark 's birthday ?
3 who developed the first polio vaccine?
1 what device offered a new way to listen to auditory communication in 1963?
4 what is the internet address of the list of email addresses of penis of the house of representatives?
3 What well-known TV talk show host was a lay preacher by the time he was seventeen ?
4 what municipality is the famous markus square in?
0 what is the marriage proposal 98 about?
1 what was the name of roy rogers' andiron?
4 where can i find a case about causal agent with disabilities education act 1991?
5 How many Grammys did Michael Jackson win in 1983 ?
3 who was the russian ambassador to hungary during the 1956 uprising?
3 which actress holds the record for most of the show on the cover of life?
1 what new time period is celebrated on february 16th?
3 who founded the people's temple commune?
4 where do the blackhawks keep their transaction?
1 What is the movie Jonathan Livingstone Seagull ?
3 what scottish poet wrote to a rodent and a louse?
4 where can you find information about religion and health, brain and organic process?
0 what are workplace doing in cranberry moors?
0 why did several san diego schools remove edible fruit from the students' menus?
5 which chapter of gone with the wind did rhett butler leave scarlett o'hara?
1 what category of patent did ermal fraze receive in 1963?
3 Who was Scrooge 's dead partner in Dickens 's A Christmas Carol ?
5 How many objects orbit the Earth ?
5 how many of the nation's children between the historic period of two and eleven "the simpsons"?
0 how did the united states acquire an conglomerate after the spanish -american war?
0 what is e -commerce?
4 where did the language unit daniel come from?
4 which political unit owns corsica?
5 How many John Deere tractors have been manufactured ?
4 where does the strange spatial property of the fish knife come from for dinner?
0 how do you match a name to a social security act?
0 what does a red emblem mean when racing cars?
3 what the u.s. vice president said:'some newspapers dispose of their drivel by printing it''?
1 what kind of diversion is often associated with hooligans?
3 which u.s. president had a buddy -in -law in the confederate army?
1 what are the development stagecoach of a swimmer?
0 how does a small businessperson contact the good humor ice cream company to do business with them?
4 in 139, the papal motor hotel was forced to move from rome to where?
0 what is the lineage of infinity?
3 who built the first gas engine?
3 what ethnic group has introduced the content of potlatch?
0 what is the sacrament?
0 how will the cable car be possessed in "christine"?
3 what king boycotted prince charles's marriage?
0 why did several san diego schools remove apples from the scholar' menus?
1 What is the longest word in the English language ?
1 What was the top box office movie in April 1998 ?
3 what famous men and women team has made radio ads for blue nun alcohol?
1 what happens to the six -foot musca domestica when it comes to a sign of the zodiac?
0 how would person become an organ donor?
5 when was it assumed that aquatic vertebrate were found on earth?
5 CNN 's first broadcast occurred on what date ?
4 what is the name of the body of water cruise at the southern tip of south america?
4 what sunburned, 14 -mile valley is geographical area of the mojave desert?
3 what son of a 15 -year -old mexican girl and a half -irish founder became the most famous greek in the world?
4 What Asian city boasts the world 's biggest bowling alley ?
1 what value is the "oscar" of advertising?
4 what new york city position has 168 steps to its crown?
3 Name the food company that traveled to Soviet Georgia to film a series of ads .
3 who were the only two bald u.s. presidents?
3 who is charles lindbergh?
5 how much has varian associates tried to sell its vacuum merchandise division to the boc group for?
3 who followed nikita khrushchev as the first secretary of the communist party?
3 What woman pitcher has struck out Ted Williams and Hank Aaron ?
1 What does it take to be a hero ?
4 in what condition was there an 11 -million -gallon oil liquid?
1 what is the international radio receiver word for the letter f?
1 what color is the makeup on the wax lips of boy george in the london madame tussaud?
3 what is the largest distillation ship's company in the world?
3 who was the russian ambassador to hungary during the 1956 conflict?
3 what are the names of jack's original friend at three's company?
0 How does the car in `` Christine '' become possessed ?
4 where is the merchant vessel, lane victory, to turn the veterans of merchant marine into a floating museum?
5 how many digit are used to draw a bow?
0 what is the origin of the term ``buffalo means'', which is used as a menu item in bars throughout the nation for chicken in a spicy sauce?
0 what are errors in the earth's layer?
0 why do some clothing description say "use a chlorine -free sheet"?
1 Name the soft drink that is `` number one in the sun . ''
1 what do camels store in their bulge?
3 name the couturier of the shoe that has produced millions of imitations of plastic, known as ``jelly'.
0 what is the function of ram?
1 what is the term for the side of the batch facing the prevailing winds?
0 what's megan's collection?
5 how often are brain compartment replaced?
5 how often can a nickel -cadmium barrage be charged?
4 where do i get keyboard instrument music for the jamiroquai song every day for the midi?
3 Who invented the stethoscope ?
1 what cost the first prize in the omni magazine social event to find the "ultimate unanswered question"?
3 who said, "what despicable villain stole the bark from my lunch?"
0 how can multitude from ireland come to the us, work and then return to ireland?
1 what is the joining between new krypton and daxam?
1 what ocean ship burned and sank in hong kong seaport?
1 What 's the highest hand in straight poker ?
5 how much money does every player get at the happening of the game in monopoly?
3 what title did suzette charles adopt two month in 1984?
3 who got the phrase "i never met a man i didn't like"
3 who was the conductor, mentor of ella fitzgerald, with whom she used the "a -matty u tisket", a -task?
3 what was the name of the american folk music hero john chapman?
5 When do you plant winter wheat ?
1 what is the term describing a language unit in which only one use has been recorded in all literature?
1 when it's case to relax, which beer is available?
3 Who was chairman of the Senate select committee that tried to get to the bottom of Watergate ?
4 what is the internet address of the list of electronic mail addresses of members of the house of representatives?
0 what's the component of the letter i'm talking about?
0 How does ultraviolet light damage the DNA of skin cells ?
1 what was the name of the formation fawaz younis took?
0 What happened to Moon Maiden ?
5 In what year was actress Joan Collins born ?
5 Of children between the ages of two and eleven , what percentage watch `` The Simpsons '' ?
0 what is the bedspread of nuclear weapons?
0 What is the executor in a will ?
0 what are the illustration on easter island?
1 what european slipstream sees the winner of the mountain stage with a shirt with big red points?
1 in what war did florence nightingale provide the troop?
5 at what case of year is air transport the hardest?
0 where does the condition "firefly" come from?
3 Who was the first woman in space ?
5 what is the ratio of child of two to eleven hours of "the simpsons"?
0 what's the last possibility for animals?
0 what are the greek illustration?
0 why does a candle need a cord?
5 what share did thatcher like after a decade in power?
1 What was the name of the orca that died of a fungal infection ?
1 what 1927 silent movie received an international review in 1981?
5 how many nautical mile of veins are in circulation?
0 what is the difference between a poster and a mark?
0 what are the words to the cd eminem's, or slim shaded, ```` my name is'?
0 What is the difference between the Koran and The Bible ?
0 what's the quality between the anus and the rectum?
5 how many category of skunks are there?
3 which us presidents were masons?
4 what is the environment of the chickadee?
4 where are the leading medical abstraction specialising in lung diseases?
4 which three european country begin with letter a?
5 what is the chemical sensitivity of neon?
1 what do sailors use to measure case?
3 what company has built more than 2.5 billion small green sign of the zodiac since the 1935's?
0 How do you determine if a computer monitor has an SVGA adapter ?
4 where can i look at an eternal arrangement?
3 who awarded sonny liston the world champion of boxing?
1 What measures did Clinton take to avoid the draft ?
4 which state did the allies infiltrate operation avalanche of world war ii?
5 What was the death toll at the eruption of Mount Pinatubo ?
3 United Nations agency was the writer and United Nations agency was the composer between gilbert and sullivan?
1 what's the name of the tiger who throws corn whiskey flakes for frost flakes?
3 who won two gold decoration at the olympics in calgary?
5 how many people have the united nations committed itself to supporting the restoration of orderliness and the distribution of humanitarian aid in somalia in september 1992?
4 Where were the 196 Summer Olympics held ?
4 name the land of giants twelve times the size of world in gulliver's travels.''
0 What currents affect the area of the Shetland Islands and Orkney Islands in the North Sea ?
3 what group was formed in the 1969 after force encountered resistance from customers in stonewall, a gay bar in greenwich village?
0 how do shuttlecock find their way back to the same place every year?
4 what were the first three cities to have a people of more than one million?
3 which arrangement does the security council belong to?
1 for what film did louise fletcher win the best actor oscar?
5 in what year were nylon hosiery first sold?
3 the name of the scholar whose literal written record depended on the chinese and japanese ezra pound?
1 what is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease that attacks the protein shell that surrounds nerve cells and causes a gradual loss of change in the body?
3 What major airline has the best safety record in the world ?
0 what did suzy parker do to earn $1.000 in the early fifty?
3 what kind of creative brilliance said, "everything comes to the one who sneaks around while he waits"?
5 how long does it take for the milky way to make a change?
5 how many spaces follow a fundamental quantity at the end of a sentence?
1 what tv entertainment entertainments larry, bud, melman and toast on a stick?
5 how many points is a disc in the middle opening worth in crokinole?
1 which heavier-than-air craft has fawaz younis been convicted of kidnapping?
0 how does the tail affect the flight of a draco?
3 Who is King in Alley Oop 's home of Moo ?
5 how many traveler go to the vatican every year?
5 how many out of ten members of the rodeo cowboys association have never run a farm?
0 what happens to the female body with lack of rest and food?
4 what is the leading pecan and peanut polish?
1 what nuclear submersible sank in the norwegian sea on april 7, 1989?
4 which four u.s. states have active crack?
1 what began in the 1849s when amber was discovered in sutter's mill?
4 which city produces the most lipid?
1 What was the name of the Protestant revolt against the supremacy of the Pope ?
2 what is the right room to shorten cc.at the end of a business letter?
0 why do they call ice container ice container?
3 who was the second man to walk on the satellite?
3 What was the name of the Confederate mounted guerrilla group with which Jesse James and Coleman Younger had ridden ?
4 which city in south america has the highest commercial tract in the world?
4 which country produces the best lobster for dinner?
4 which country has banned the russians from one fifth of its district?
0 how does the movie blues screen employment?
3 who is the famous movie star topology who also served as provo canyon's channel commissioner, utah?
0 What 's the difference between carelessness and carefreeness ?
4 which mountain region of the natural object is the lhasa apso dog, which is housed in the natural object?
5 how many millitime units in one time unit?
4 which city is near the sass of the amazon?
0 what's a quick study?
0 What was Al Capone finally imprisoned for , in 1931 ?
4 which u.s. state registers the smallest precipitation?
3 what was the name of the lawyer world health organization represented randy steven craft?
1 what boris pasternak book sells 5,0 copies to the fiction best seller of 1958?
0 why do you get goose bumps when something emotional happens to them, like hearing a beautiful firearm of music or seeing something beautiful or being aroused by someone they love?
0 how can you raise your iq?
2 what is a "usb" larboard on a computer?
3 what did the poet write: "i have promises to keep and miles to go before rest"?
3 What is the name of the police officer who tried to keep order in Top Cat 's neighborhood ?
0 what did john f. kennedy think was his biggest mistake in place of business?
3 which actor married john f. kennedy's baby?
1 what does a sexual attraction between a world and a woworld mean?
3 what famous british actor lost his spokesperson after an operation in 1966?
4 where can i find a database of the "classic" books that the fifth and sixth graders should read?
5 how many bait are there in a cricket wicket?
3 which company sells most greeting game?
4 what is the das kapital of uruguay?
3 Who is Mia Farrow 's mother ?
4 What U.S. state has the most blondes ?
1 What new games are available for Nintendo 64 ?
0 why are your ears the area of your equilibrium?
3 what nazi leader killed himself in correctional institution just before he was executed as a war criminal?
1 what color is the cross on the swiss pin?
3 who wrote the song "silent night"?
5 what does an average time unit care worker pay in new england?
0 what is distance ball played on?
1 What is the shape of a football as stated in the NFL rulebook ?
0 what were the three prophecies made by the occultist macbeth?
1 what are the seven generalization of learning from the institute of research for learning, irl?
1 which comic was not produced directly from mass magazines?
1 what substance are for healthy bones and teeth?
1 What letter appears on the cold-water tap in Spain ?
1 what's the language unit of the low pressure belt around the equator?
5 what calendar month of the year is there no tv in iceland?
5 how many russians have landed on the satellite?
4 What city does Orly Airport serve ?
3 What are the top ten all-time money making NFL teams ?
3 what are the name of jacques cousteau's two sons?
4 what is the largest shopping centre in the natural object?
3 Which college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball for ?
3 what tv host names a series of world's clothes?
1 What is a synonym for aspartame ?
1 what is the english transformation for the word "caliente"?
4 what are traveler attractions in reims?
1 What kind of animals were in the Paleozoic era ?
3 what is the full name of the man who invented the colourful dice that has 42.3 large integer potential combinations?
0 What is the history of Buffalo chicken wings ?
3 what is the full name of the world who invented the colourful dice that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations?
5 how long was the o.j. simpson attempt?
3 what are the top -10 colleges in the united states in the tract of technology?
0 what is the point of the atom?
1 what did louis cartier invent for the heavier-than-air craft santos dumont in the 1940s?
5 how many earthworms are on a single tract?
5 How much did Manchester United spend on players in 1993 ?
3 Who gave us the `` Rolling Writer '' ?
3 who played the founder on "charles in charge"?
3 Who wrote the book , `` Huckleberry Finn '' ?
0 why is distance development so important?
0 how do you find an geographic point?
1 What is the trademark of a Washington Redskin 's fan ?
1 what do you get by adding lactobacillus bulgaricus to the beverage?
5 how many times has harold stassen announced a journey to the white house?
0 what causes infectious disease?
4 what is the best place to live in the world, taking into record the climate, civilization?
1 which press will help you see more clearly in the usa?
1 what relation of her clothing was "baton hooks" for old west cowboys?
5 how many dollars a sidereal day did arthur frommer say you can survive in europe in 1968's?
1 what was the language unit of the peace agreement imposed on germany after the first world war?
0 how do building complex make food?
3 What Ivy League school plays its home games at Palmer Stadium ?
0 How did Rocky Marciano die ?
1 what broadway musical contained the song ```if i were a rich world?''
3 what is the most common name of male or girls?
3 In what high-risk business venture did Jimmy the Greek bet and lose ?
3 what institution called one of their pens "the banana"?
1 what's the concern of being loved?
1 what video recording format was an alternative to vhs?
1 what ball game score required nine balls in 1879, eight balls in 1880 and seven balls in 1881?
1 What are the different approaches of systems analysis ?
5 how many meter in a mile?
0 what is the coppertop artillery?
0 what is the array of a sine curve?
4 which country borders denmark in the confederacy?
3 Who was the girl in Peter Sellers 's soup ?
0 how does light move through the void of space when there is no medium for it ``wave''or ``wave'.
3 which father and which male offspring won the medal of honor?
4 What country buys 25 percent of the world 's tea exports ?
3 who was the first coach of the cleveland browns?
4 What European country abandoned postage stamps in 1923 because printing them cost more than their face value ?
0 what do a diamond and a agglomeration of money have in common?
1 what products use a person as a symbol?
4 where can i find a case about americans with disability act of 199?
0 what do social scientist do?
5 how much caffeine is in a 16 -ounce cup of chocolate?
3 who created billy pilgrim, a survivor of the dresden fire storm?
1 in what movie is the number nine found in the heading?
0 what is the honor of the night's watch, frank wills?
1 what did the crocodilian reptile swallow in peter pan?
3 who sings the message for dawson's creek and felicity?
0 how do you ask questioning?
3 What woman was Time 's Man of the Year for 1952 ?
3 who sang the song "hooked on a feeling" in the diversion baby episode of ally mcbeal?
3 what is the name of the father singer whose song became the title song for a kind of catsup?
1 what are some science work for eighth graders?
5 What is the chemical reactivity of helium ?
0 What did the only repealed amendment to the U.S. Constitution deal with ?
4 where can i find up -to -date information on surface temperature on the shore, preferably along north america and the caribbean?
4 what desert political unit borders saudi arabia, iraq and the persian gulf?
1 which non -mechanical mutant achieves the highest speeds?
5 how many written record of an album do you have to sell to make it a gold album?
5 how many times a sidereal day does the typical person go to the bathroom?
4 what is the internet address of the list of email addresses of members of the house of representatives?
3 who was the first english bluejacket in the world?
1 what is the folklore about birdlife and vertebrate in christmas trees?
3 which president went on the jogging trail to improve his sporting image and, mutant number 39, almost collapsed during the race?
1 which semblance of the monopoly properties are applied most frequently?
1 what 1942 -century spy movie has director john huston combined with maltese falconers humphrey bogart, mary astor and sidney greenstreet?
0 why are peanut dairy product cookies covered in crystals?
1 what does an angry car businessman call iron oxide?
4 where can i buy a shot glass on big island for my daughter?
3 what is the name of the pop singer whose song became the title song for a category of catsup?
0 what's so qualityful about quality bars?
0 how can i search my own web site for a word?
5 how many logarithmic standard are there on a slide rule?
4 where does the strange shape of the pisces knife come from for dinner?
1 What sport does Chris Jogis play ?
0 what is gay science?
0 what are the side effects of lovastatin?
1 What kind of meat is Fray Bentos synonymous with ?
3 who is the generator of the book, "the iron lady: a biography of margaret thatcher"?
3 who built the first polyhedron?
4 which assets was founded when pesth and buda merged?
4 what national boundary border mozambique?
3 name a band that was famous in the large integer.
1 which two produce are combined in succotash?
1 which coating are named after dungri, a suburb of bombay?
3 what category of doctor is synonymous with shoes and foot care?
3 what simpleton isn't smart enough to lose an oath to win a paradise?
5 On which date is the Ukrainians ' Christmas ?
3 What was the real name of writer Ross Macdonald , creator of the hero Lew Archer ?
3 where do herb and tootsie live next movable barrier?
2 what is the acronym for the air learning efficiency rating system?
3 who played lucas mccain at the rifleman?
1 what was the largest cash harvest in the usa in 1983, exceeding corn whiskey?
1 what flower did vincent van gogh coating?
0 how can i get someone's phone number if i only have their surface name?
0 What is the origin of thank you notes ?
5 How many minutes were there on the original GE College Bowl clock ?
5 what's the maximum length, in custom, of a first baseman's glove?
3 whose recording of more than three hour triggered a deadline for oscar's thank you?
0 What is Srpska Krajina ?
1 what kind of gastropod is a gastropod?
0 how did policeman james j. kilroy describe the equipment as satisfactory?
1 what is the chemical recipe for napalm?
1 what english word comes from the old french covrefeu, meaning cover ardor?
3 who was the first golfer to make a million dollars?
3 what are the name of two old men who appear on the muppet show?
0 how was the verdict in the lizzie borden attempt?
4 which u.s. country includes the san juan islands?
0 what is the origin of the language unit "murder"?
4 which country would you go sport in the dolomites?
5 How many times can a nickel-cadmium rechargeable battery be recharged ?
5 How long does it take for Spider-Man 's web to evaporate ?
3 what tv host names a series of men's clothes?
0 what is the determination of nature for tornados?
0 What do Japanese school uniforms look like ?
4 where in the united states do group live the longest?
4 where can i find data about the philippines?
1 what sex is rejected in kuwait?
1 what household contains a flute ball, a ball cock and an overflow organ pipe?
4 what former royal palace served as a granary, prison, arsenal, infectious disease, mint, telegraph station and puff before becoming an art museum?
3 Which high schools are included in the South Florida Ice Hockey league ?
5 What is the Pennsylvania state income tax rate ?
1 what are the three ways in which wind instrument rises on earth?
0 what was unusual about alexandra's show in josie and the pussycats?
3 what's the language unit of the company that makes spumante?
3 who runs andy capp's favorite pub?
5 How much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?
3 which oil institution has almost chosen a word that means "closed car" in japanese as its new international name?
0 what is the biblical message of ``stones'?
0 what are the chemical property of mendelevium?
5 how many semblance are there in a rainbow?
0 how does an abacus activity?
4 what colorful body of water region does the greek legend say the amazons lived nearby?
1 What is the most famous German word in the English language ?
0 What are the side effects of mevacor ?
3 whose storage space was empty?
5 What is the student population at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst ?
2 what is the abbreviated human body of the national bureau of investigation?
3 who played in singing in the rain and the singing nun?
1 what part of her clothing was "rod hooks" for old west cowboys?
1 what plant is rummy made from?
0 What is ` Last Chance for Animals ' ?
5 how many colored squares are there on a rubik's cube?
3 Name the five positions who are in the line of succession to the presidency .
1 what's odonate's favorite food?
3 what three hundred american writer wrote a four -volume biography of abraham lincoln?
3 what packer's life story is raging bull?
3 Who fired Maria Ybarra from her position in San Diego council ?
5 when was the first successful heart transplant for a homo?
0 what are binomic coefficient?
3 what mysterious u.s. frailty president was once accused of treason and acquitted in a conspiracy to build his own independent empire in the west?
1 what's the most expensive motor vehicle in the world?
1 what's the name of the song dracula plays on the body part?
0 what's a wet ambition?
3 who invented the horoscope?
0 what's the difference between the orifice and the rectum?
3 who said, "what despicable villain stole the bob from my lunch?"
3 who is the corporate executive of stanford university?
5 How many islands does Fiji have ?
4 what river flows past the place of worship of karnak?
4 which u.s. administrative district is leaving the continental divide to get to canada?
0 what is the origin of the phrase of writing practice ````now is the meter for all good men to support their country''''''''''''''''''
1 what's a fear of passing tall aim?
4 which political unit is known for persian rugs?
3 which of the following actor worked in new york's jiddish theater?
5 What is the regular price ?
3 name the child at the front movable barrier at the beginning of gasoline alley.
5 how many layers of yellow is a faber mongol writing implement with luck?
0 What is dew point ?
3 What is the occupation of Nicholas Cage ?
3 who wrote the sung "stardust"?
0 how do photographic equipment take pictures?
0 how does the movie blues filmdom work?
3 what was the name of the 187th irish fear group in the pennsylvania mining industry?
3 who is the only independent legislator?
4 what language unit of the continent appears on the upper left corner of a budweiser label?
3 what group was formed in the 1969 after police encountered resistance from customers in stonewall, a person bar in greenwich village?
0 Colin Powell is best known for what achievement ?
1 what's a fear of organism?
5 what relation of a beaver's life is spent swimming?
0 how do i write to my legislator?
3 which toy institution is the worldwide no.1 manufacturer of women's clothing?
0 why does e seem to turn in wheel, e.g. in car tyre, in the opposite focus when it slows down?
5 how many letter appear with the numbers from 2 to 9 on a phone?
1 What 's the term for a young fox ?
4 What is Britain 's possession on the Chinese mainland ?
5 how many layers of yellow is a faber mongol pencil with fortune?
1 what is the greatest reservoir of white magic in the marvel universe?
4 what is the web savoir-faire where i can find the email savoir-faire of a member of the us house of representatives?
4 Where can I find up-to-date coastal ocean surface temperature information , preferably along North America and the Caribbean ?
0 Why did several San Diego schools remove apples from students menus ?
5 how much is the country income tax in pennsylvania?
5 How many quarts of whole milk is needed to make one pound of butter ?
5 what seven digit follow the territorial code in the number for remote information?
1 what color are tennis game equipment?
1 what are the best structure to improve employee morale at low cost?
3 who has friz freleng added to the warner bros. cartoon framework?
3 Who wrote the song , `` Stardust '' ?
0 What was the proper Laugh-In respones to : `` Say goodnight , Dick '' ?
4 where can i find the status of my tax reappearance?
1 what is a fear of downfall?
4 Where is Natchitoches , Louisiana ?
4 Where did the world come from ?
5 how hot does the interior of an active volcano return?
4 what administrative district is the filenes store in?
3 what arrangement was broken into in watergate in 1972?
5 how many period are there on a backgammon board?
4 which city has the longest subway system in the worldly concern?
1 What animal has the best hearing ?
4 what two south american political unit do not border brazil?
0 how do birds have sexual activity?
3 what was the name of the administrator of the movie "jaws"?
1 which raceequine won an associated press survey as the largest equine of the twentieth century?
1 what kind of cable car did janis joplin ask the gentleman to buy her?
3 Who played the Ringo Kid in the 1939 film Stagecoach ?
3 name of the champion in ``scruples''?
3 in the 1920s, world health organization maintained the endurance of the pilots?
0 What is goldenseal ?
0 What do players try to do when the music stops in a game of musical chairs ?
1 what is the shape of the skeletal structure of a camel?
0 what effect does a polyhedron have on the light?
3 what was the name of the muppets God?
1 what 1953 product did frank sinatra win as the best supporting actor?
4 where do group climb in nepal?
0 how does the chain of speech act work in an apache helicopter of the us army?
5 When was the first stained glass window made ?
2 what is the form for micro?
0 why do pharmacist work on elevated floors?
3 What dummy received an honorary degree from Northwestern University ?
4 where are the 49th gradation?
5 how many millimeter are in a mile?
1 what is the rarest coinage?
0 how can i find information about rice importer in the world?
1 what kind of sport is often associated with bully?
1 which circuit board game has variations called canfield, klondike and spider?
0 How can I give myself a French manicure ?
4 which countries have the highest quotient of university students?
4 what is the most important state in the world, historically?
4 which scandinavian country includes 173, 732 square linear unit?
0 what rights do i have in a car entertainment in california?
4 What is the city in which Maurizio Pellegrin lives called ?
3 what scottish poet wrote to a mouse and a bird louse?
4 which asian gulf were the warship that maddox and c turner shot joy at?
1 what's a concern of worms?
3 Who was the inventor of silly putty ?
5 What 's the score of a forfeited baseball game ?
3 who won the will rogers award in the 1989s?
5 what are the likelihood that at least two out of 25 people have the same birthday?
0 what is the point of the word ``news'?
3 what is the name of the pop singer whose musical composition became the title musical composition for a kind of catsup?
1 what film tour of the roman empire shows the warning: `````` channel well and live''?
3 who's langston hughes?
0 How do I impress a guy ?
0 why did the wimp cross the street?
0 What do I have to do to get good grades in school ?
3 what mysterious u.s. vice president of the united states was once accused of treason and acquitted in a conspiracy to build his own independent empire in the west?
1 what weapon did the crucified slits harbor in english palace?
3 What were the last names of gangsters Bonnie and Clyde ?
1 what trophy will be awarded to the contestant of the super bowl?
1 What interesting method was used to run the credits in the early Popeye cartoons ?
5 how many body are there in wyoming?
3 who drove through florida looking for the fountain of youth?
5 how much stronger is the new glass -shaped carbon substance invented by the tokyo institute of technology compared to the cellulose substance?
1 what's the name of the second space shuttlecock?
0 What does storm wave mean in Japanese ?
0 how can i easily remove red wine appearance from t -shirts?
3 Who made the musical plea Be True to Your School ?
4 in what condition was there an 11 -million -gallon lipid spill?
3 what initials of the fast food magnate decorated the left sleeves of the san diego padres ball game uniforms in 1984?
0 what are the side effects of lipid-lowering medicine?
3 what two new york yankees exchanged wives and unit?
1 what is the auditory communication used in the new vw beetle commercial where the car turns and the colors change?
0 how is the metallic element cleaned?
3 what dynasty star made their 2nd century fox beginning at the virgin queen?
1 what is the only work by michelangelo that bears his key signature?
1 what movie made the most medium of exchange?
4 which countries have the largest forest region?
1 what's the language unit of the illness that the actress hunter tylo's daughter has?
5 what is the date of the boxing time unit?
3 who makes the software, ```photoshop'?
0 what does capital activity mean?
5 how much folic acid should a pregnant charwoman get every day?
0 how can scientist predict the weather by observing clouds?
3 name the person who burst through the surface in the lite beer commercial.
3 Who is Malaysia 's 43rd prime minister ?
3 Who came up with the name , El Nino ?
1 What color is the eight-ball in pocket billiards ?
0 what is a root duct?
5 what is the date of the boxing sidereal day?
5 how many political unit see mtv europe?
1 which english word has the most culture?
0 what are these little blue reflectors in the middle of the thoroughfare for?
1 name a product that controls the maturity of apples.
1 What is Nero Wolfe 's favorite drink during office hours ?
3 what's the name of the advocate in dostoyevsky's "the idiot"?
0 what made shea &gould close her agency in l.a.?
4 What two states is Washington D.C. between ?
3 who said, "soldiers win the battles and generals get the glory?"
0 What 's a water funnel ?
4 how do you turn your motor vehicle to raise the flame clockwise or clockwise?
1 what tv shows did many of his aquatic view see in silver springs, florida?
0 what personality trait should capricons have?
0 What is the difference between ninjitsu and kung fu ?
5 how many artifact of yellow is a faber mongol pencil with luck?
1 what was the distinguishing clue on the "little rascals" dog?
4 what colorful sea area does the greek legend say the amazons lived nearby?
0 what are some interesting facts and information about dog bedding material?
3 who played the role of godfather in the movie ``the godfather'?
1 What is the smallest thing seen under the most powerful microscope , and how big is it ?
3 Who was the lawyer for Randy Craft ?
3 what's the only dick tracy villain that appears three time period?
4 what colorful ocean region does the greek legend say the amazons lived nearby?
1 What color are school buses ?
0 How can I stop or slow down aging ?
3 what tv host names a serial of men's clothes?
1 What is the most widely cultivated plant ?
5 in what year did hitler gain quality over germany?
3 what video game leader do some of his fans call chomper?
0 How do you make a million bucks ?
4 where do i find correct yellow journalism for third eye blind songs?
1 from which newspaper was the end of the xvi. ==references ====external links ==
1 What is a fear of drinking ?
3 Who invented the paper clip ?
5 how many people live in city?
4 what former royal palace served as a granary, prison, arsenal, leprosy, mint, telegraph station and puff before becoming an art depository?
3 who was the writer and who was the composer between gilbert and sullivan?
4 in what relation of the world was the six -day war waged?
3 which head of state signed the magna carta?
0 What is multimedia ?
3 who invented the stock agent in 1870's?
3 who are the hottest charwoman in the world?
3 what mormon leader would have had 27 -year -old charwoman?
5 what act of american soldiers are not yet covered by the vietnam war?
1 What is a fear of being alone ?
3 What Chilean president was killed in a 1973 coup d 'etat ?
5 how many time a year does the american gourd society publish the gourd?
4 what municipality became after st. peter's? named francis of assisi?
3 what american sergeant lost both hands during world war ii and then appeared in a single movie for which he won two oscars?
4 which desert has the highest sand ridge?
1 name li'l abner's favorite helping from india.
1 what was the name of the 1899 policy imposed on china whereby all nations had equal trade wind rights?
5 what is the being expectancy of an elephant?
3 who is charles lindbergh?
3 who led the opposition when konrad adenauer was chancellor of germany?
3 Which police department made the all-time biggest cocaine bust in Ventura County ?
5 how many people in the us say that their main reservoir of information is the newspaper?
4 which country offered albert einstein his tenure in 1952?
3 Who wrote The Look of Love after viewing Ursula Andress ?
1 in which product or in which products did jude law appear?
1 what is a emotion of disease?
4 what antioxidant -mail addrantioxidantss doantioxidants gantioxidantorgantioxidant lucas havantioxidant?
5 how many common fraction of the earth's surface are underwater?
4 where can i find the history of the taiwanese communication?
3 what name does the world know of kyriakos theotokopoulos?
5 how many card is each player dealt in contract bridge?
1 which english word contains the most letter?
3 who made the deodorant that says it actually builds resistance to odors?
5 how many people die of hydra bite poisoning in the united states a year?
3 What doctor is synonymous with footwear and foot care ?
1 what binding of the beatles honors the rolling stones?
4 What part of Britain comprises the Highlands , Central Lowlands , and Southern Uplands ?
1 what is a golf game equipment made of?
3 What was the infamous pseudonym of Peter Sutcliffe ?
3 which author of the "days of our lives cookbook" participated in the "days of our lives" in 198's as liz chandler?
4 what kind of a randomness did olympia miss, washington?
0 why is rush's language unit 2112 2112?
4 what southwest country is called silver country?
3 who created dennis the menace?
3 who was monet?
0 how do you find out what can be claimed as a subsidiary pace for income tax purposes?
3 What 's the middle name of movie producer Joseph E. Levine ?
5 What is the size of the largest akita ?
3 Which Bloom County resident wreaks havoc with a computer ?
0 how do you clean an lcd surface?
4 what are some good fractal web site?
5 how many casino are there in atlantic city, nj?
0 what is the formulation of the fifth amendment?
5 shea & gould had an office in l.a. for how many year?
0 how is abigail arcane related to the evil opposition of the swamp?
3 which speaker has the nickname "el maximo".
4 where do i find the best free information for the discussion about russia?
5 how long on average does it take to write a dramatic composition?
3 who invented the soup-strainer?
3 Whose first presidential order was : `` Let 's get this goddamn thing airborne '' ?
3 which relative of leo tolstoy has translated war and peace eight time period?
5 How many CDs has Garth Brooks sold ?
5 How much could you rent a Volkswagen bug for in 1966 ?
4 What is the habitat of the chickadee ?
0 what happens when a body relation falls asleep?
3 who patented the first record player?
1 which mosquito wound blood, dt nn cc dt nn.
5 How many characters makes up a word for typing test purposes ?
4 where was the largest concentration military quarters in world war ii?
2 cnn is an form for what?
1 what lyric do the natives speak in afghanistan?
3 who is imam hussain ben ali that the shiites believe in?
0 how is a hydrogen explosive device different from a nuclear explosive device?
3 what's the name of the company that produces the american girl doll collection?
1 What Don McLean song laments the day Buddy Holly died ?
1 what does a farrier wear situation?
3 Which two inventors invented Post-its ?
1 what's a fear of envy?
4 what stream flows past the temple of karnak?
3 Who wrote The Ugly Duckling ?
1 In what Olympic Games did Nadia Comaneci become popular ?
5 When did Mount St. Helens last erupt ?
5 how many product are made by the big studios in a year?
3 who plays shortstop for charlie brown's baseball team?
1 what's the language unit of kevin costner's movie about sioux indians?
2 What does the acronym CPR mean ?
3 who directed citizen kane?
5 on what date did rosa parks become a symbol of the civil rights change for refusing to give up her seat on the bus?
3 what president of the united states sent a cruiser to bring charles lindbergh home after his epic flight?
1 What killed Bob Marley ?
4 which political unit had the most suicides in the 1998's, regardless of population size?
3 who wrote the poem that begins ``i love your lips when they are made of wine and red with a warm desire'''wet?
3 who says they have the biggest show in the worldly concern?
4 what is the address of the question office of the government in rome, italy?
1 in the miller lite tv commercial, who's the creature?
3 what president served five years, six time period and two days?
1 what kind of gastropod is a gastropod?
5 what time of year do most group fly?
3 Rotary engines used to be made by whom ?
3 who played emperor palpatine in star wars?
1 which layer of the atmosphere contains the largest part of the gas layer?
1 what was paul bunyan's cattle's name?
0 how can you contact online maker and promoters?
5 how many multitude live in the falklands?
0 what is a club?
3 who says they have the biggest show in the world?
0 what is an ordinary percoid fish?
3 What director made one silent and one sound version of The Ten Commandments ?
1 what's the name of a male occultist?
5 what are the chances of physical condition if the penis does not enter the vagina?
0 what is a "knot" in machine terms?
5 on what date did rosa parks become a symbol of the civil rights movement for refusing to give up her space on the bus?
3 who was the second man to walk on the moon?
3 what was the name of the 6.500 german air violence that used the spanish civil war as a training exercise?
3 which tv comedies are former movie star nora desmond, secretary of mrs. wiggins and a housewife named eunice?
3 who were the picts?
4 what is the highest degree in the world?
5 How many sonnets did Shakespeare write ?
3 which woman has carried most beginning, twins, triplets etc.?
0 How can anyone tell if a female had sexual intercourse ?
1 what merchandise shows a frog saying "dig'em"?
1 what's a chef doing with testis?
3 who are the corporate executive of mexico and indonesia?
4 What sea is Bombay on ?
5 In what year did Thatcher become prime minister ?
3 what's the first name of the viking prince?
3 stupid kitt was invented by world health organization?
3 what famous movie and tv cowboy borrowed his name from a fast substance chain?
1 what's the only animal that can turn its internal organ outward?
3 who was the russian ambassador to hungary during the 1956 rebellion?
0 How can you be happy ?
4 what is the environment for puccini's opera la boheme?
1 what were the trial that followed world war ii called?
1 the corpus callosum is in what relation of the body?
3 which ship's company manufactured rotary motors?
3 who was the first x -man to die in combat?
3 what company called one of their penitentiary "the banana"?
4 what e -mail code does bill gross have?
4 where is the massive north korean nuclear whole?
4 which european country gave up stamps in 19203 because printing monetary value more than its nominal value?
1 what organism in the church have acted as laxatives for american colonists?
1 what is the international broadcasting word for the letter f?
5 how many movies are made by the big studios in a class?
3 which asian spiritual and political person was at the age of 13.
0 what are bear and bull market?
5 how many calorie are there in soy sauce?
3 What company is the largest Japanese ship builder ?
5 how many endangered species are there in the worldly concern?
0 Why are the rooftops in Canada green ?
3 who is the prime minister of australia?
4 where can i find book recapitulation of ```turbulent souls''?
0 what about the millennium bug?
1 what card game can the trader choose to play?
0 how do you pronounce the son "qigong"?
5 How much of the nation 's children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?
5 How many shillings more than 2 were there in a guinea ?
3 which actor had the greatest honor on television became the father of triplets?
5 what is the system of weights of the air?
0 what is the deviation between college and graduate school?
4 Where do the Blackhawks maintain their operations ?
0 what do christian scientist believe in?
3 What heavyweight boxer was known as The Wild Bull of the Pampas ?
1 what does the playboy call his "ongoing dialogue on current topics between playboy and his scholar"?
3 What pseudonym did William Sydney Porter use in writing The Gift of the Magi ?
1 what four -legged creature has a cornell university discipline said that it would make humans the best companion in space?
5 how much is the corporate executive paid?
3 Who told all in Ball Four ?
3 who was the only u.s. president wearing a nazi clothing?
1 what vowel do all esperanto substances end in?
3 what kind of creative genius said, "everything comes to the one world health organization sneaks around while he waits"?
1 which five cards make a perfect cribbage hired hand?
5 how much does it cost to produce and send junk mail catalogues on average or whatever is available in the usa? dt cd nn nn
4 in which building are british sovereign crowned?
5 How many URL extensions are there ? and what are they ?
1 what musical instrument did prewitt play in james jones's from here to eternity?
5 When did President Kennedy , Lee Harvey Oswald , and Jack Ruby all die ?
0 what are the environmental impacts on plant biology?
4 which state has the most time zones with 11?
0 what's the difference between talk and blues?
4 Where is McCarren Airport located ?
4 Where are the U.S. headquarters for Procter & Gamble ?
3 which louisiana senator won a seat held by his founder and mother?
5 how many home run did lou gehrig have during his career?
3 who is the prime minister of norway?
3 who published the internet invertebrate in the late 1980s?
1 name four comics about aviator.
1 what type of record does the extension.dbf have?
5 what is the approximate people of las vegas, n.m.?
3 name the two female offspring of actress john mills.
0 Why do many Native American students not complete college ?
5 how many consecutive ball game games did lou gehrig play?
4 What country covers 8 , 600 , 387 square miles ?
1 what rake sport shows a movement called veronica?
3 who won a pulitzer prize for their novel the caine mutiny?
3 who's the mayor of marbella?
5 how many buttocks are there in batmobile sports?
0 How do you write a correct critical analysis of a poem ?
4 are you referring to a country developing a magnetic line system?
3 which actress has received most oscar appointment?
3 who retired with 755 home plate runs?
5 how many meters more than two is the average altitude of the chinese wall?
0 How do you clean up a cache ?
0 what is the quality between a poster and a print?
0 why does a lamp need a wick?
5 how many gamete are in an average ejaculation?
1 what category of sports team are the wisconsin badgers?
1 What is the name of the 1919 occurrence in which British troops killed over 3 unarmed Indian protestors ?
4 which natural elevation range extends from the gulf of st. lawrence to alabama?
3 who said, "the winner will never be asked if he was telling the truth?"
1 what are nail made of?
3 who built a boat out of strawberry?
1 What food of the three bears did Goldilocks eat ?
1 What handicraft requires you to interlace your warp and weft ?
0 what is an model of a specific case of using the fourteenth amendment?
1 What international amateur sports spectacle was first telecast in 1956 ?
3 What diamond producer controls about 80% of the world 's diamonds ?
4 which country has the largest sheep people?
0 What are the seven virtues ?
0 how does a collection become a collection?
5 how long do you have to live in a gathering to vote?
4 what is the largest and most expensive highway project in the usa?
0 what caused the postponement of the 25th annual seance of the united nations general assembly?
1 in what movie is the act nine found in the title?
5 how many holes are there in a bowling game equipment?
1 what musical composition brought james taylor into the spotlight?
1 what is the legal blood alcohol terminus ad quem for the state of california?
0 what is the main cause why electric vehicles cannot be popular nowadays?
3 what little boy and dog lives in a brake shoe?
4 Where was helium first discovered , hence its name ?
5 how many apple collection are there?
0 what rights do some child have?
5 what is the new age to switch a child from a baby bed to a bed?
0 why do you say "god bless you" when group sneeze?
0 what kind of ball game expression came from the nautical term for ships sailing in front of the panama canal between the atlantic and the pacific?
1 Name the disposable razor that `` costs about 19 cents . ''
3 which cougar produced primitives of rural new england life?
5 how many layers of yellow is a faber mongol pencil with condition?
4 What Asian country once thrilled to the sport of cricket fighting ?
4 What is the largest city in Germany ?
1 what category of meat is fray bento's synonym for?
0 what contact do nitrates have on the environment?
5 When will the millennium officially begin ?
3 who's luke skywalker with his parent?
3 who invented the wonderbra?
3 who discovered physical phenomenon?
4 where can i find free keyboard instrument music for popular music?
3 who was the prophet of the muslim people?
1 what is the only modern language that capitalizes its singular first causal agent pronouns?
4 in what part of the natural object was the six -day war waged?
4 What landmark Italian restaurant can be found at 239 West 48th Street , New York City ?
1 what were the names of the three vessel used by columbus?
3 which high educational institution are included in the south florida ice hockey league?
3 which famous actor is the father of star topology alan alda?
4 where can i find data on journalism?
1 What kind of flowers does detective Nero Wolfe raise ?
4 Where did Sarge Steel get his metal hand ?
0 describe the finnish music personality salonen's show.
0 What is the song Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin about ?
3 What is the Viking Prince 's first name ?
3 who played the most activity for the new york yankees?
1 What new year is celebrated on February 16th ?
4 what municipality does maurizio pellegrin live in now?
3 who appointed the chairman of the federal reserve?
3 what are the top ten all -time money nfl team make?
0 what are the seven virtue?
0 Why do some clothing labels say `` Use a nonchlorine bleach '' ?
1 what musical device did prewitt play in james jones's from here to eternity?
1 what animal have the amazing three disguised as?
3 what military service motto is "blood and fire"?
4 where are large education materials for parents and teachers?
5 how many four star general wer e there and who are they?
3 who invented the radio?
3 what kind of former cabinet member ronald reagan called federal policy towards the indians an information of the failure of socialism?
5 How many spears are there on Kenya 's flag ?
0 What does appropriates money mean ?
3 which hungarian bishop was first a prisoner of state and then a refugee in the u.s. embassy 1956 to 1971?
3 who was elected the first black chairman of the military chiefs of staff?
0 what does the son affiant mean?
0 why was henry ford's first cable car introduced as model t & his second type of cable car in 19208, called model a?
1 in hemingway "old man and the sea" what category of fish does the old man catch?
5 how many administrative district have a lottery?
3 who was hitler with the propaganda minister?
2 What does snafu stand for ?
1 what did people use to freshen their bodily process before the toothpaste?
1 what indoor diversion did phoenix inferno have for the phoenix pride in july 14, 1983, when the temperature hit 111 degree?
1 which literary classic focuses on the search for a treasure in gold worth 7,0 british pound?
4 where can i find scientific datum, research papers, textile technology?
1 what is the best -selling book of all case?
3 in what risky business did jimmy lose the greek stake?
4 which building is adequately represented on the back of the 1 -dollar beak?
1 what was the baby ship of the olympics?
3 who created maudie frickett?
5 how many freckle does howdy doody have on his face?
3 what president served five year, six months and two days?
1 what is the term tennis to come from the french son for egg?
3 Who is Robin Williams ?
1 What was the orca 's name that died of a fungal infection at Sea World ?
3 whose recording of more than three written record triggered a deadline for oscar's thank you?
1 what are most medium sold by an artist or a band?
5 How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
3 what "great" baseball player is now a spokesperson for a brew company?
4 which ocean is the largest in the natural object?
0 What is an auto-commentary ?
1 what is the medical condition in which a child without a brain is born?
5 How many gallons of paint does it take to paint the Golden Gate Bridge ?
3 what role do fruits play in plant animation?
3 who is samuel f. pickering?
3 Name the fast food chain with the golden arches .
0 what is the origin of the word'teddy carnivore'?
1 what is widely used to detect birth imperfection?
3 Who plays shortstop for Charlie Brown 's baseball team ?
3 name the various costumed individual of dr. henry pym.
3 which of the seven gnome comes first alphabetically?
3 What police force did Mack Sennett create ?
3 which actress has received most oscar nominating speech?
1 what is the name of the operating arrangement running on ibm -compatible machines?
1 What kind of dog is Scooby Doo ?
4 Where is `` Global Schoolhouse '' ?
3 which member of charlie's angels sang sung for josie and the pussycats?
3 what category of former cabinet member ronald reagan called federal policy towards the indians an example of the failure of socialism?
4 which country includes 8, 600, 387 square metric linear unit?
0 how did the place develop in russia and then leave?
1 what's a fear of infectious disease?
0 Why are electric cars less efficient in the northeast than in California ?
3 which record company produced the 1978 product the wiz?
3 who are the president of mexico and indonesia?
3 who is the founder and publisher of the national review?
0 what is the deviation between the koran and the bible?
4 what is the language unit of the city where maurizio pellegrin lives?
5 How many rows of sprocket holes does a roll of 35-millimeter film have ?
4 what political unit did kim philby really work for?
5 what's the first day of the time period?
3 who's the superstar in the rental car?
0 what is the chemosmotic explanation?
0 what were the three prophecy made by the witches macbeth?
1 what is another condition for painful wrist syndrome?
1 which breakfast grass brought you "the best" every morning?
0 what is the goal of bios?
3 who invented the stove?
1 what class is classified as a class?
0 what makes the consistency shiver at cold temperatures?
5 how many people were killed in war, armed conflicts?
5 the movie ``jaws''was shot in what class?
3 who is the president of the spanish government?
5 how much pizza do americans eat in one sidereal day?
5 what are the dimensions of an crystal hockey goal?
0 What does Inuit and Eskimo mean ?
5 when was franklin d. roosevelt infected with infectious disease?
1 what is the fastest growing comic publication of all time?
1 what's a concern of glass?
0 What are Cushman and Wakefield known for ?
3 who makes wimp finger -licking good?
4 where does the natural object come from?
4 what east -mail addreastss doeasts bill gross haveast?
5 What is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?
4 on what island are statue called mouse?
5 How many eyes does a bat have ?
0 Why are there Braille things on the ATM machines that people drive through ?
5 how many rows of rite holes has a role of 35 -millimeter movie?
5 independent silver forge's bill for what percentage of silver production?
0 what were the three prophecies made by the witch macbeth?
5 how much does a short ton of cement cost?
1 what sign is the best love shimmer for a horoscope sign?
1 what's the only color johnny cash wears on time period?
0 what are tannin?
1 what are two plant that make clothes?
4 where are eight of the ten highest batch in the world?
0 how can you remove rust stains from your clothing?
0 what is the lineage of the term "blue moon", and how often do they occur?
3 which former ku klux klan associate has won an elected office in the united states?
3 who has the airway with jewel like ``do you love me'? get naked, baby! nope.
1 How do you say `` fresh '' in Spanish ?
3 which attorney general has ordered the approach of alcatraz?
3 what group asked the musical question do you believe in supernaturalism?
1 what semblance were their horses?
4 in what condition was there an 11 -million -gallon petroleum spill?
1 what kind of food can i catch an marsupial with?
4 which natural elevation region of the world is the lhasa apso dog, which is housed in the world?
3 what boxer's life fib is raging bull?
4 where's the cake telescope?
4 Where on the Internet can I get chemicals importers ?
5 in what year did the united states adopt document?
4 what city or country do most gays live in?
0 what's the only cigarette without food?
1 how long does it take in the comic communication?
3 what fictional character in the beverly hillbillies is the name daisy moses?
4 Where does the U.S. get most of its energy ?
5 in what class did thatcher gain power?
4 where can i find mental picture of how to build a very simple tree house?
1 what was a california worship book for an old west player?
3 what mormon leader would have had 27 -year -old adult?
1 What color was the hundred billionth crayon made by Crayola ?
4 What U.S. state is Fort Knox in ?
4 which square is the geographical kernel of london?
0 How effective are condoms in protecting against AIDS ?
3 What Mexican leader was shot dead in 1923 ?
5 how many megawatts will a consortium -led work of mission energy of us produce in indonesia?
3 What was the player 's name who played nose tackle for the Eagles in Super Bowl XV ?
5 what is the highest number of home runs on record for a plot?
1 what was originally defined as one rank of the distance from the equator to the pole?
1 name the five words that use all the letters in the alphabet, except q, without repetition.
3 What labor leader was last seen in the parking lot of a Michigan restaurant ?
3 which social group was founded by the priest. jerry falwell?
4 What country was first to use the airplane as a weapon of war , against the Turks in Libya ?
1 what's a concern of being alone?
5 how many cards is each musician dealt in contract bridge?
1 what animal are american bison wings from?
3 who built a vessel out of strawberry?
4 Where in a tree does photosynthesis occur ?
0 What caused the Lynmouth floods ?
3 who claims to be the most evolved man in the world?
1 What was the name of the movie that starred Sharon Stone and Arnold Schwarzenegger ?
0 what is meter?
2 what does the blue strip mean?
1 what do you need before you can take out life indemnity?
0 How do clouds form ?
4 what is the second highest mountain in the natural object?
3 what musician sings "oh boy"?
1 What 's the tallest piece on a chessboard ?
0 what do contestant try to do when the music stops in a game of musical chairs?
5 how many meters more than two is the average height of the chinese rampart?
5 how many real fruit juices are there in a buttocks of hawaiian punch?
0 how does skin disease disappear?
3 what's the name of pittsburgh's ball game team?
0 how can i find someone's phone number if i only know their electronic communication address?
3 what's the name of the famous flyer United Nations agency mistakenly flew to ireland instead of los angeles?
0 how can i find causal agent's email address on the internet?
1 what is the penalty region between baltic avenue and reading railroad on a monopoly board?
3 what kind of former cabinet member ronald reagan called federal plan of action towards the indians an example of the failure of socialism?
0 how does light move through the void of space when there is no metier for it ``wave''or ``pulse'.
4 which sea way connects the mediterranean with the atlantic?
4 where can i find data about detergents on the internet?
1 what were millions of children wearing on their external body part in the 1955s?
5 how many thousand of students attend the university of massachusetts?
3 Who claims to have the greatest show on earth ?
1 what kind of hunting are sporting dog used for?
5 how much does a ton of concrete cost?
1 which card activity derived its name from biritch or russian whist?
5 how many hours does it take for a communicator to produce a 100 -page script?
3 who is karenna gore, the eldest daughter of al gore?
3 who wrote, "poems are made by fools like me, but only god can make a woody plant"?
5 When was the first flush toilet invented ?
1 What are some important events of the 1830 's ?
1 What George Harrison tune sounded too much like He 's So Fine by The Chiffons ?
3 who used to make rotary motor?
3 what group asked the musical doubt do you believe in magic?
3 who became the first honorary citizen of the united states?
1 Which is the best opening move in chess ?
3 what's the name of the cop who tried to keep command in top cat's neighborhood?
5 what share of all world tornadoes will land in the us?
3 the lawyer who represented randy craft, what was his language unit?
3 what category of housewife and mother of three wrote the female mystique?
1 What Frederick Forsyth novel chronicles the toppling of an African government by mercenaries ?
4 what state in the gulf of mexico has its lowest point five infantry below sea level?
1 name the force's cologne connected to the sea.
1 What song served as the closing theme of The Johnny Cash Show ?
3 who is the french literary character who is mainly famous for his enormous chemoreceptor?
4 what is a reliable computer that i heretic 2? can download?
4 what london street claims to be the world center for world's tailoring?
3 which actor had the greatest fame on television became the father of digit?
1 What 's the sequel to Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland ?
3 which contact sport team did o.j. simpson take to the rose bowl?
0 what is the secret of the natural object?
5 How many Vietnamese were there in the Soviet Union ?
1 what medium is stuart hammlen the first musical performance cowboy in?
1 What is Latin for incompetent ?
1 what was the eighth day after the religious in each month of the roman calendar called?
5 how was thatcher's entree to power after ten years?
0 what is the quality of snow and how is the formation of snow different from that of ice?
0 why does e seem to turn in wheel, e.g. in cable car tyre, in the opposite direction when it slows down?
3 what court describes bob woodward in the buddy?
0 What do I need to do to take my dog with me to live in Dominica , West Indies for a year ?
1 what is the official communication of algeria?
0 what is the origin of the language unit ``news'?
3 What National Basketball Association superstar told his story in Giant Steps ?
3 what was peter sutcliffe's famous name?
1 what languages do the native speak in afghanistan?
4 Where did guinea pigs originate ?
3 who was the chairman of the international olympic committee at the 1936 summer games?
1 what was the language unit of the roosevelt, churchill and stalin criminal meeting?
3 who won oscars for their roles in gone with the wind and a streetcar called desire?
0 why don't you have some kind of competition where you ask a question and world health organization finds the answers wins a prize?
3 what is the first personal machine company?
3 who was randy steven craft's lawyer?
0 How did Bob Marley die ?
4 What is the nickname for the state of Mississippi ?
1 what are the three colors on the french emblem?
1 What are the languages spoken by the natives in Afghanistan ?
3 what is the most common nickname of the u.s. college football unit?
1 What will a kid eat the middle of , and save the chocolate on the outside for last ?
5 when was the first successful heart animal tissue for a human?
0 what's a borg hole?
5 What is the weight of air ?
5 what seven digits follow the territorial code in the number for remote message?
1 what card game does the wheel of fortune, the lovers and death contain?
0 why was the fastener invented?
1 what is the most common non -infectious disease in the worldly concern?
5 how long does it take for a communicator to write a script that is 100 -page long?
3 who's the youngest of the beatles?
4 in which london museum is a chamber of repugnance?
0 What is a Certified Nurse Midwife ?
1 what six speech follow the line ```from a boy to a king''''''''?
1 What is the softest part of the body ?
4 what is the oldest web site on the internet?
5 how many jews were executed in concentration clique during world war ii?
1 what is the slowest olympic water sport strike?
1 which whisky is called "known" by the institution?
5 what proportion of fresh water in canada is available worldwide?
0 what is gay science?
3 which institution or agencies would carry out an employment audit?
1 what shakespeare part contained shylock?
5 how many multitude in the world speak french?
1 what tv show changed the names to protect the innocent?
3 who hired jackie kennedy to write the death of a corporate executive?
3 what is the best art and design educational institution in the world?
4 what is the holy stream of india?
3 Who is the Pope ?
3 which former ku klux klan member has won an elected agency in the united states?
4 what is the last alphabetical administrative district capital?
3 which painter popularized brillo's soup cans and soap corner?
0 What is the definition of cecum ?
3 who is the laminitis of scientology?
3 what catch -22 character is elected mayor of half a dozen italian city?
5 in what time period did the us marine corps adopt the motto "semper fidelis"?
3 what was the name of the writer ross macdonald, the God of the hero lew archer?
1 what types of water contamination are there?
1 what card game can the merchant choose to play?
3 who did doris day mean when she said, "i call him ernie because he's not a natural object"?
0 what is the difference and advantage of choosing a super vhs vcr compared to a normal vhs model?
4 what function of the world is mozambique in?
4 What French seaport claims to be The Home of Wines ?
5 How big is Australia ?
5 how many jews were executed in concentration military quarters during world war ii?
3 who was buffalo bill?
1 What was the sequel to The Pink Panther ?
3 who invented the muppets?
3 what pseudonym did william sydney porter activity to write the gift of the magi?
3 which glamorous actress is a close person of dick tracy's?
1 what do you need before you can take out life security?
5 of children between the property of two and eleven, what percentproperty watch ``the simpsons''?
3 what non -conformist abstract painter has been called jack the dripper from meter to meter?
4 which state borders most others?
4 what ocean separates naples and algiers?
1 what kind of submersible was recently purchased from south korea?
0 what is material in food?
5 What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
5 when was the last time mount st. helen had a significant happening?
3 who was in the movie "the war of the worlds"?
3 who wrote the ugly duckling?
3 Who portrayed Etta Place , companion to Butch Cassidey and the Sundance Kid ?
1 What was John F. Kennedy 's 1960 campaign song ?
0 What is a nanometer ?
3 Which glamorous actress is a close friend of Dick Tracy ?
0 how to make the easter feast panoramic carbohydrate eggs that with the scene inside?
1 what animals in the church have acted as laxative for american colonists?
4 What strait links the Mediterranean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean ?
0 What does the name `` Sheri '' mean ?
1 What sport is played on the largest field ?
3 who was the environmentalist who served as spokesperson for the post grape nuts?
0 What is Bombay duck ?
5 how long is the world's largest vessel in metres?
5 how many time a day does the typical person go to the bathroom?
4 what former royal mansion served as a granary, prison, arsenal, leprosy, mint, telegraph station and puff before becoming an art museum?
1 the fiction by robert louis stevenson was inspired by deacon william brodie, a furniture builder by day and burglar by night?
0 What is the Milky Way ?
4 where does tennis celestial body stefan edberg come from?
3 who was the baron who signed the magna carta?
3 United Nations agency is the mathematician United Nations agency won the nobel prize for literature in the 1950s?
4 What Asian country has a bill of rights for cows ?
1 all right, top four strips on a can of pepsi, what semblance?
3 who portrayed etta place, the companion of butch cassidey and the sundance kid?
1 in what fiction did ian fleming introduce james bond?
5 what is most goals achieved by a team in an nhl ice hockey game?
0 how do i activate my lan card so that it can be connected to another calculator without hub?
5 how many syllable are there in a series of hendekalartic poetry?
5 in what year was the cartoon fictional character chilly willy created?
1 what movie had caused bette davis a scandal by wearing a daring red attire to a social ball?
0 how did super president gain his powers in vivification?
4 where do you find the answer to all these questions?
0 What is the weather like on the moon ?
4 where does barney rubble go to work after dropping fred off in the "flintstones" cartoon ordering?
5 how many real fruit foodstuff are there in a can of hawaiian punch?
5 how much does it cost to produce and send debris mail catalogues on average or whatever is available in the usa? dt cd nn nn
4 what are the three most populated countries in the natural object?
4 which batch range extends from the gulf of st. lawrence to alabama?
3 who owns cnn?
1 what film tells of anna anderson's claim to be the female offspring of the russian tsar?
1 in kafka's metamorphosis, the champion wakes up one morning to learn that he has been turned into what?
4 where did the diversion of roping come from?
3 who invented batteries?
1 what was the name of the order agreement imposed on germany after the first world war?
1 what kind of bomber was recently purchased from south korea?
4 what asian municipality boasts the largest bowling alley in the world?
3 what green bay packer's coach philosophed: "there's nothing that shoots fire like emotion"?
0 what is the origin of the term ``buffalo wings'', which is used as a menu item in browning automatic rifle throughout the nation for chicken in a spicy sauce?
0 how can i enforce new principle for a group of young people who have been allowed to do what they want?
1 What is the name of the dog on the Cracker Jack box ?
5 What is the average weight for a man ?
3 who portrayed prewett in from here to eternity?
3 what camera institution said ```if you don't have the time, do we have the camera?''
1 what sung did patti page let people dance to in the 1950s?
1 what four elements are 90 percent of the human natural object?
3 what new orleans d.a. said: "my companion and i solved the bombing weeks ago"?
1 what's a concern of madness?
3 who became the appellation "the little corporal"?
3 what cheerful man got the zip code 9971 from u s postal service in 1963?
1 what's a fear of substance?
0 how to write a book reputation?
0 What is the origin of the peace symbol ?
3 what was the name of the first watergate special prosecutor world health organization was later fired by nixon?
0 what is a bone marrow graft for?
4 where is the actor marion davies buried?
3 who drove through florida looking for the fountain of young person?
0 How is the election of a new Pope announced to the world ?
1 what color is the eight ball in the pouch billiard?
3 which author of the "days of our lives cookbook" participated in the "days of our lives" in 198's as liz chandler?
5 what is the maximum number of clubs a player can use in one round?
0 what according to kinsey institute is the sexual preference of four percent of american world?
1 what five -time kentucky derby contestant lost his first 25 -race?
0 how is abigail arcane related to the evil contestant of the swamp?
1 What award is the `` Oscar '' of advertising ?
1 what's a concern of blacks?
3 who is section manager for power and power systems at jpl?
1 what is a fear of beginning?
3 Who played the title role in The Romantic Englishwoman ?
5 How many people have been killed in wars , armed conflicts ?
2 what do the letter d.c. in washington d.c. mean?
4 which mountain region of the worldly concern is the lhasa apso dog, which is housed in the worldly concern?
5 what are the chance of having twins?
4 in which stadium do the miami dolphins play their home plate games?
3 who's the richest man in the world without owning a business?
2 what does the ```c''in equality e =mc2 mean?
3 who portrayed the cowardly lion in the wizard of oz?
1 what was the first gilbert and sullivan classical music?
3 who said the only matter we have to fear is fear itself?
0 why do the center sometimes look red in the photos?
3 which creator comes from the glass house designed by the chicago federal center had a philosophy of "less is more", "and produced plans that were the forerunner of the california ranch house".
5 What is the average hourly rate of American workers ?
5 How many South American countries have the letter Z in their names ?
4 What is Answers.com 's address ?
5 what assets of folic acid should a mother -to -be take daily?
5 How many muscles does the average adult use when going for a walk ?
3 Who was Shakespeare 's Moorish general ?
3 what are the top -10 colleges in the united states in the field of engineering?
5 when did the first world war startle?
5 how long were tyrannosaurus rex 'set?
5 how long before the typical american eats 23 -block ice rink cream?
3 which actor learned to play single-reed instrument and speak russian for a role in a movie?
0 What facial feature did Walt Disney sport that none of Disney 's employees is allowed to ?
5 what's the maximum length, in customs, of a first baseman's baseball equipment?
3 who is known as the greatest violinist?
3 who is samuel pickering?
4 what was the tallest construction in america in the 192's?
1 what was the name of the 1899 policy imposed on china whereby all state had equal trade rights?
1 which connecting weather did whitcomb judson patent in 1893?
1 What is a fear of weakness ?
5 how many natural elevation were named after us presidents?
4 What country boasts Cawdor Castle , Glamis Castle , and Blair Castle ?
5 how long does cocaine stay in your instrumentality?
4 where did woodstock take point?
0 what's a cleansing agent cake?
3 who makes their money on the hard way?
4 what political unit is edessa in today?
1 what kind of escargot is a escargot?
3 what famous food company went out of business because it became known that the underworld sold them kangaroo food?
3 what is the best art and design school in the worldly concern?
3 which british dad star of the 1960s and early 1970s was a child actress in the 1940s and 50s?
0 what are the strengths and weaknesses of the green lantern gang?
3 what two new york yankees exchanged wives and syndicate?
3 which big diamond manufacturer is in south africa?
4 what japanese municipality was edo?
3 who provides telephone work in orange county, california?
1 what did the elders call the four great element?
3 who wrote the musical composition "silent night"?
5 how long should you wash your guardianship before you're clean?
5 what seven digits follow the territorial code in the act for remote information?
1 What is a fear of crystals or glass ?
1 what is the slowest olympic swimming strike?
4 which is the richest state in the world?
0 why do some jets have a steam lead, others don't?
0 why are movie and tv celestial body paid so much?
3 what civil war general has caused chaos in the south by marching through georgia on his way to the ocean?
1 what is a fear of attraction?
3 Who was the founding member of the Pink Floyd band ?
3 what kind of social group is "last chance for animals"?
1 what concerts are taking place in new york this time period?
0 how do you find the criminal record on the internet?
1 what is the best cookie in the natural object?
5 what percentage did thatcher like after a time period in power?
5 how many people were there from the bombing of pan am trajectory 103 via lockerbie, scotland, december 21, cd.
3 which government or government government are responsible for dealing with racism?
0 why don't you have some kind of business relation where you ask a question and who finds the answers wins a prize?
4 what london street claims to be the world center field for men's tailoring?
3 who was known to warn the people of massachusetts that the british would come?
3 Who invented the Moog Synthesizer ?
2 What does the abbreviation IOC stand for ?
4 which municipality in south america has the highest commercial field in the world?
1 what film journey of the roman empire shows the warning: `````` line well and live''?
0 what caused the end of bob marley?
4 where do i get a complete list of showtime in my region?
2 What is the acronym for the National Bureau of Investigation ?
3 which german corporate executive was under pressure to appoint hitler chancellor in the 1933s?
0 what kind of baseball expression came from the nautical term for vessel sailing in front of the panama canal between the atlantic and the pacific?
0 What is the literal meaning of `` D-DAY '' ?
1 which two ships led the first sea military action between iron ships?
0 What is `` cat scratch fever '' ?
3 which artist popularized brillo's soup cans and soap boxes?
4 What ocean did the Titanic sink in ?
4 what were the municipality of dickens'a tale of two municipality?
4 which emerging u.s. state boasts most airport?
1 What Hermann Hesse book gave its name to a rock group ?
0 why did european colonial rule only spread after the first and second industrial rotation?
0 How do I contact Answers.com direct ?
0 What does an emperor do ?
1 in ad 999, what kind of celebrations, fears, were there?
2 What does `` B.Y.O.B. '' mean ?
1 Which leg does a cat move with its left front leg when walking - its left rear or right rear leg ?
3 which of the following world wasn't married to rita hayworth?
0 What is the origin of head lice ?
5 how many characters form a son for the writing test?
3 which court game player has the nickname "nasty"?
1 what do you call a record of quotes?
1 what color is mr spock's rake?
3 who invented television receiver?
1 what is the longest chemical name that consists of 35 letter?
0 how is globule film produced?
3 what feathered cartoon fictional character do the yugoslavs know as vlaja, gaja and raja?
1 what were hairy paper money in the fur trade?
0 what is the point of blue for boys and pink for girls?
3 which president of the united states became chief justice after his presidency?
1 what element in the periodic array is a gas or solid but never a liquid?
5 what is the average day when most shopping promenade start putting up christmas decorations?
5 what's the average system of weights for a man?
4 Where is the Taj Mahal ?
1 what tv shows did many of his aquatic area see in silver springs, florida?
5 how many relish of ice cream do howard johnson's have?
1 what's the procedure for drilling a opening in the skull to reach a higher consciousness?
0 why do oceans contain salt water system instead of fresh water system?
1 To what does Microsoft 's Windows 3 owe its success ?
5 how many group did randy craft kill?
1 what's the emotion of being loved?
1 what is the longest english word that can be made with only the first quarrel of letters on a typewriter?
3 what famous movie and tv cowboy borrowed his name from a fast food chain?
5 in what time period was new zealand excluded from the anzus alliance?
1 what is the only modern lyric that capitalizes its singular first person pronouns?
5 how many important nazi body were tried after the war in nuremberg?
4 which stream flows through vienna, budapest and belgrade?
3 which college has produced the most successful super bowl back?
1 what's the language unit for clouds that make rain?
1 what vertebrate can swim but cannot fly?
1 what shampoo prevents skin disease, seborrhea and psoriasis?
3 who was the leading actor in the movie sleeplessness in seattle?
0 what does the language unit "meta" mean?
0 what is the affair of ram?
3 What does Robin Williams do ?
0 what does a red flag mean when racing car?
5 how many years of bad luck follow a broken reflector?
1 what's a concern of smells, body?
0 what is the lineage of thanksgiving?
1 what is nero wolfe's favorite helping during office hours?
4 Where is the Kentucky Horse Park ?
5 when was the first successful heart graft for a human?
0 how does a ice mass form?
4 which countries do not have government financial gain tax?
1 what's a fear of spirit, body?
1 what unit contains a flute ball, a ball cock and an overflow pipe?
0 What is idealab ! ?
4 which two caribbean country share the island of hispaniola?
5 how many devotion do you shoot in the'around the world 'basketball game?
3 who invented the stock broker in 1870's?
1 what hide -and -seek game is played around a tin container?
3 name one of the wife of king henry viii.
0 What is a Mexican hairless ?
0 what is the mathematical relation of the appendix?
1 what fib does morality have: ````who wants everything gets nothing''''?
4 on what land are statues called mouse?
3 what's alice cooper's real language unit?
3 who was ezra taft benson?
1 What did Englishman John Hawkins begin selling to New World colonists in 1562 ?
3 Who comprised the now-defunct comic book team known as the Champions ?
0 What is the origin of the atom ?
1 what is the chemical composing of a barbie?
1 In which sport is there a `` scrum '' ?
1 what were the first frozen substance?
0 what is the daily need for folic acid for a parent -to -be?
1 what fossils human body coprolite?
3 what famous movie and tv cowboy borrowed his name from a fast food series?
4 which countries have the largest vegetation areas?
0 what is a gas passing?
4 what is homelite inc. home page?
4 which construction was built in 18.18 contains 327 -mile bookshelves?
1 What are the three secondary colors ?
1 for what illness did august von wassermann develop a specific test in 196?
5 how many multitude watch tv?
1 from which paper was the end of the xvi. ==references ====external liaison ==
5 What is the per-capita income of Colombia , South America ?
0 how come a donut has a trap in it?
1 name the two mystical ravens odin has at his speech act.
3 what famous musician is the parent of an adopted son named hans christian henderson?
4 where in america is it only 47 linear unit from the atlantic to the pacific?
0 What is the origin of U.S. Army sergeant 's stripes ?
5 When did the art of quilting begin ?
1 what is chronic constipation a evidence of?
0 what is habeas capital?
5 in what class was the actress joan collins born?
5 how many multitude died on the south carolina highways in the 1998's?
4 Where can I get information about cystic fibrosis ?
1 what do body of water cows eat?
3 what singer got desperate over the death of freddie prince, left the show clientele and then left the clientele?
3 Who invented the radio ?
0 what are the special physical characteristic of the arabian horse?
0 What does Elysium mean ?
5 What is Martin Luther King Jr. 's real birthday ?
0 what is the lineage of the city "corpus christi"?
1 what is a simple way to count the approximate number of aquatic vertebrate in a lake?
5 When did the American Civil War end ?
0 what's the story with the valentine's day game?
4 which artificial body of water are 1.76 miles long?
3 what was the name of the daughter of virginia chief powhatan, United Nations agency married john rolfe?
3 what is an example of a famous rock band from the decade?
5 how often was the pitcher warren spahn, a 20 -game achiever in his 21st season?
3 What English queen had seventeen children ?
3 what precinct made the biggest cocaine female chest in ventura county?
1 what was the first meal cereal?
0 what do pointy letters mean to a writing analyst?
1 What 1950 film won seven Oscars , including best picture ?
1 which animal do you find on the stock market?
3 name the fast substance chain with the golden arches.
3 which president went on the jogging trail to improve his sporting image and, sports number 39, almost collapsed during the slipstream?
5 how high is the normal heart magnitude relation of a healthy adult?
4 What country 's northernmost city is Darwin ?
0 What do economists do ?
3 which group played in the product rock around the clock?
3 who was the author of john brown's body?
5 how many people die of tuberculosis every time period?
0 how can i find information about rice importers in the natural object?
3 who was the prophet of the muslim group?
1 What is the alphabet for Latin ?
3 Name one of King Henry VIII 's wives .
1 what does a heliologist examination?
0 what is the federal financial gain tax?
5 how big is the biggest rhombus?
1 what do western indian sword bands use as instruments?
1 Name a Gaelic language .
3 Who do Herb and Tootsie live next door to ?
4 What were the first bodies visited by spacecraft ?
4 what municipality in southern california is named after a figure that was famous by edgar rice burroughs?
1 what song did patti page let people dance to in the fifties?
3 what video game hero do some of his sports fan call chomper?
3 who was the prophet of the jewish group?
0 what's the story with the soft swallow, mr. pibb?
1 what admixture are copper and tin?
0 How do vending machines tell if your dollar is a 1 or a 5 ?
5 what's the initial regular payment for prospective lawyers?
1 what are the most common elements in ocean water?
5 what are the average costs for four time of life of medical school?
3 which japanese motor vehicle manufacturer had the largest share of domestic sales?
1 what kind of animals were in the paleozoic time period?
3 Who did Sara Jane Moore try to assassinate ?
1 what's field glass made of?
2 when reading classified ad, what does eenty mean: other stands for?
3 what stupid but lovable character did maurice gosfield shimmer on phil silver's show?
1 what song was the final message of the johnny cash show?
3 who holds the nfl record for most touchdown in one season?
5 what is the current population in these political unit: france, spain, italy, greece, austria, germany, switzerland, netherlands?
0 what is the origin of the sugar walking stick at christmas?
1 which russian novel, which more encompasses the five fictional character, is set in the napoleonic wars?
4 which state in the united states has the most black?
0 What is a disaccharide ?
1 what kind of homorian epic chronicle of the goal of the trojan wars?
3 What singer 's hit song inspired the Dolly Parton Stallone movie Rhinestone ?
3 who knew he'd never see a literary composition as beautiful as a tree?
4 what condition full of milk and honey was the aim in the grapes of wrath?
3 woodrow wilson was corporate executive of what university?
5 what time of year are the most frequent formation?
1 Where does your hair grow the fastest ?
1 what is the fastest growing comic record of all time?
3 Who danced into stardom with Fred Astaire in 1941 's You 'll Never Get Rich ?
5 what season starts with the spring equinoctial point?
1 what feud ended with a marital status in kentucky in march 21, 1891?
0 how does the speed at which the magnet spins in a generator affect the quality of the generator?
5 how many gambling house are there in atlantic city, nj?
4 where are eight of the ten highest mountains in the natural object?
0 what do i need to learn to design web site?
0 what makes black hills, south dakota a traveler attraction?
1 What was the first Sam Spade novel ?
1 What is a camel hair brush actually made out of ?
3 which company manufactures video game weaponry sells the ````````super system''?
3 what miracle woman wrote the inspiring record i believe in miracles?
1 what colour do good rhine alcohol come in?
0 Why did several San Diego schools stop serving apples to students ?
1 which apparel were named after bradley, voorhees and day?
3 what was the name of the lawyer United Nations agency represented randy steven craft?
4 what relation of africa is mozambique in?
0 why is space exploitation so important?
1 what kind of sport has slotbacks, support and touchpacks?
3 what do you call someone United Nations agency likes fire?
5 in what class was the first car manufactured?
1 What is a fear of robbers ?
3 who built cars with rotary engine?
0 What is the origin of the word `` mushroom '' ?
4 what former royal palace served as a granary, prison, arsenal, leprosy, mint, telegraph station and gust before becoming an art museum?
3 who makes the motor vehicle battery ``die hard'?
1 What 1895 H.G. Wells novel was written under the title The Chronic Argonauts ?
1 What is the most advanced handheld calculator in the world ?
1 What kind of science is cosmology ?
0 where does the proverb "fist principle" come from?
2 what is the form for the air conditioning efficiency rating system?
3 who was the first black artist to have his own tv display?
1 What film featured Shirley MacLaine as a prostitute and Jack Lemmon as a pimp ?
0 What do the figures represent on the Easter Island ?
3 who invented basketball?
0 What do Hank Aaron , Jimmy Stewart , and Howard K. Smith have in common ?
5 how many real reproductive structure juices are there in a can of hawaiian punch?
0 What are the medical purposes of `` clitoridectomy '' ?
5 When was the San Francisco fire ?
3 who started the dominos pizza chain?
3 Who was the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic ?
1 which animal killed most group?
3 name the two boys world health organization were rescued by the animated moby dick.
5 how many time of life did it take james joyce to write odysseus?
0 how do cameras take mental picture?
0 how do you find the criminal record on the internet?
0 What does the name Melissa mean ?
1 What Nantucket shipwreck killed more divers exploring it than the 52 people it sank with ?
4 which u.s. country registers the smallest rainfall?
0 What are some children 's rights ?
1 which animals do you find on the stock activity?
3 what's the name of the bull who tried to keep order in top cat's neighborhood?
4 what is the possession of britain on the mainland of china?
1 what category of mammal is a foal?
1 what's a fear of achromatic color?
1 what's a emotion of cholera?
3 which south american corporate executive was assassinated by his generals in the 1963?
5 how long does it take after sexual intercourse to find out if you're pregnant?
3 Who invented Astroturf ?
3 who got the phrase "i never met a adult i didn't like"
0 What is the meaning of `` CPR '' ?
0 what's the fib with yo -yos?
1 what's the name of the family circus andiron?
1 what plant is liquor made from?
5 what was the target rate for m3 increase in 1992?
3 you're naming a south african diamond maker?
0 what is a bone marrow animal tissue?
3 what famous men and women team has made radio promotion for blue nun wine?
0 what does the son terrorism mean?
1 what helps the first -aid product ````stop the annoyance''''''?
4 which national passenger barrier system in the country is via?
4 which city has the longest metro system in the world?
0 how do i find out which municipality are in a given area code?
3 who was the democratic politician in the american presidential elections?
1 what holidays or affair are celebrated in italy?
3 who won the 1967 academy award for best actor?
0 how can i find my moon clue?
0 how can i trace my syndicate roots?
5 how much will california's gas tax increase with the 21st class?
3 who said, "give me freedom or give me change?"
0 what is a glorious trap?
3 what ice hockey team did wayne gretzky play for?
1 what's the name of the michelangelo graphic art that shows two hands touching?
1 What plants are found in an estuary ?
5 in what class was the berlin wall erected?
0 What is Eagle 's syndrome styloid process ?
1 what semblance poker chip is normally assigned to the lowest value?
1 what's the fastest and easiest way to get nail radiance out of your clothes?
5 what can you pay for having a dog on the geological formation?
4 what is the largest municipality in the world?
0 what else did the structure mean?
1 what j.r.r. tolkien's book describes gimli as a central human body?
0 What is meant by `` capital market '' ?
0 How did shipyard inspector James J. Kilroy designate equipment as being satisfactory ?
4 jackson pollock is from what state?
5 What percentage of children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?
3 who killed martin luther king?
3 who was the columbia pictures external body part who forged the name of the actor cliff robertson on a $1.000 check?
5 what is the current population in these country: france, spain, italy, greece, austria, germany, switzerland, netherlands?
3 who is the director of the international group called the human genome organization (hugo), which wants to coordinate gene mapping research worldwide?
1 What was the name of Baretta 's cockatoo ?
5 What was Thatcher 's approval rating after 10 years in power ?
5 what is the natural object's population now?
4 what city boasts penn's landing on the botanist of delaware?
4 where did gulliver find a animal group of little people?
3 what's the name of the company that produces the american girl doll collection?
4 what name of the continent appears on the upper left corner of a budweiser description?
1 What auto race was Wilbur Reed the first to win three times ?
0 What happened in the Long March ?
3 what bourbon king was returned to the french toilet during napoleon's abdication?
4 which of the great lakes is completely within u.s. district?
3 what multi -talented academy award -winning director missed a college course in film act?
3 Who sued the Dannon yougurt company for using a character named Ron Raider for promotion ?
0 why is black the color of sorrow in the west?
1 what is a fear of sine?
0 where did the u.s. army sergeant's band come from?
1 what song did patti page let group dance to in the 1950s?
0 why do some clothing labels say "use a chlorine -free expanse"?
0 what is the nature of snow and how is the constitution of snow different from that of ice?
4 which u.s. administrative district boasts leif ericson park?
0 what was the result of the 1945th yalta conference?
0 what was the war in the experience room?
3 in what round did the british head of state p.t. barnum sit with tom thumb?
3 who loved flash gordon but dale?
1 what flower did vincent van gogh rouge?
3 who sang about desmond and molly jones?
3 who did richard nixon resign to?
0 What is the definition of ` graphic details ' ?
4 What is the name of the city that Maurizio Pellegrin lives in ?
1 what children's message contains the line ````come, cinderella, and keep this spear of wool for me'''?
5 What is the most number of goals scored by a single team in an NHL hockey game ?
0 what is the origin of the word ``traveler'''?
3 who is the current prime minister and president of russia?
4 What country do the Galapagos Islands belong to ?
0 What makes sperm ?
1 what was the top corner office movie in april 1998?
0 what are belief?
4 Where is the Loop ?
3 What jockey won 17 Triple Crown races ?
1 what european race sees the winner of the mountain stage with a shirt with big red period?
4 Jackson Pollock is of what nationality ?
0 why do you get goose bumps when something emotional happens to them, like hearing a beautiful piece of music or seeing something beautiful or being aroused by person they love?
4 what are the names of the traveler attractions in reims?
4 What city does McCarren Airport serve ?
5 how long does a swine's orgasm last?
1 what can communication equipment offer yachts?
1 what product's ads claim that it ``eliminates odors, kills germs, cast', and flour?
5 How many cards are dealt to each player in Gin Rummy ?
0 How is bubble wrap made ?
1 which ernest hemingway fiction had the title fiesta?
1 What is a fear of cold ?
4 what is the assets of italy?
1 What age followed the Bronze Age ?
5 how hot should the kitchen appliance be when peachy oat muffins are baked?
1 what color is an arctic canine in winter?
3 what kind of doctor is synonymous with shoes and infantry care?
1 in what book can i find the fib of aladdin?
1 what kind of andiron breed was the "little rascals" andiron?
0 what is the lineage of the word trigonometry?
5 how many children under 18.m. are victims of physical misuse every year?
4 Where are the Haversian canals ?
0 What makes you fat ?
5 how many group died in the vietnam war?
1 which chemical in red wine is good for the intuition and what exactly does it do to your body?
0 Why are the U.S. presidential elections held in November ?
4 what famous stream was hernando de soto the first european to see it?
1 What is the English translation for the word `` caliente '' ?
5 how long does the average domesticated black-footed ferret live?
4 what breaks out every time unit in yellowstone national park?
3 what famous trainer said if you can't beat her in the alley, you can't beat her on the ice?
3 who won the 1967 academy award for best actor?
5 how many scholar attend the university of massachusetts?
5 how many grooves are there on a small boundary?
1 what is the term court game to come from the french word for egg?
1 what is the literary word for a pun?
3 which tv comedies are former movie star nora desmond, repository of mrs. wiggins and a housewife named eunice?
0 how did the seventh inning startle?
4 which two european countries have entered the military action of american independence against the british?
3 who won the first parliamentary vote in malawi in may 1994?
5 how many litres of whole milk does it take to make a pound of dairy product?
4 Where can I read about Abraham Lincoln ?
3 what was the name of the first russian traveler to take a space walk?
4 what is the largest land in the west indies?
4 what london street claims to be the world center for men's trade?
0 Why did the Globe Theatre burn down ?
5 what are the property of an ice hockey goal?
3 who was the actress june havoc's legendary sister?
3 Who was known as the Time Master in comic books ?
3 what kind of former cabinet member ronald reagan called federal policy towards the indians an example of the nonaccomplishment of socialism?
3 what multi -talented academy award -winning director missed a college course in film output?
3 which president was the first legislator to sign up after the attack on pearl harbor?
1 what category of betting is used in horse racing?
3 who wrote, "poems are made by fools like me, but only god can make a tree"?
3 at what university was woodrow wilson president of the united states?
1 which leg does a cat move with its left front leg when walk, its left hind leg or its right hind leg?
3 which national league ball game team has established 72 third base in its first two seasons?
1 What TV show premiered on January 15 , 1981 ?
0 what is the classic explanation of the tragic hero?
3 who's stealing?
1 what is the second favorite sport in the natural object?
3 who are the nomadic orion and gatherers of the kalahari desert in africa?
5 what time period did they build the berlin wall?
5 how long was the longest plant fiber attack?
3 Who is the most sexy celebrity ?
0 where did the marriage ceremony come from?
5 how many nautical mile are there on average to the moon?
0 How does an ion drive work ?
3 Who has won the most Super Bowls ?
0 what causes rolling big h?
0 Why do eyes sometimes look red in photographs ?
1 For what disease is the drug Sinemet used as a treatment ?
5 what proportion of the body is muscle?
1 what's the international radio word for the letter b?
0 What is a transistor ?
3 who makes the simpsons' voice?
0 how do i start a slope?
1 what are the shortest and longest musical composition ever produced?
3 if he's not adventurous on rann, what does adam strange call his occupational group?
3 which u.s. general was brought to natural virtue for criticizing the american air force?
4 where can i find a happening about individuals with disabilities education act 1991?
3 Who is Westview High 's band director in Funky Winkerbean ?
0 why does e seem to turn in steering wheel, e.g. in car tyre, in the opposite direction when it slows down?
3 with which nfl team did vince lombardi end his occupation as a coach?
0 What is a ` borrow pit ' ?
3 which communicator was appointed as u.s. ambassador to spain in 1842?
4 what condition full of milk and honey was the target in the grapes of wrath?
4 which direction are the best surf beach?
0 What causes rust ?
4 which country was mikhail gorbachev the person?
1 What 1927 silent film received an international revival in 1981 ?
1 what is scotch for group who know the difference?
1 what category of jeans did calvin klein admit in a 1984 interview that he felt more comfortable wearing them?
3 which russian composer's prelude in c sharp minor brought him honor and fortune?
5 What percentage of the world 's plant and animal species can be found in the Amazon forests ?
3 what cougar died on the marquesas islands?
3 who won the first parliamentary elections in malawi in may 1994?
1 which beer has advertised that it has "three gymnastic apparatus"?
4 Where is your corpus callosum ?
3 who was the last u.s. president to resume the selective service registration?
0 where does the term "physical phenomenon nine" come from?
1 what is the most common relation in the world?
3 Name the two actress daughters of John Mills .
0 why did the egyptians shave their eyebrow?
3 name the first russian astronaut to take a attribute walk.
3 who said the only thing we have to fear is fear itself?
1 name the commodity ``at your grocery store', at your fingertips.''
0 how can you tell if causal agent's lying?
4 where's the biggest post agency building in the world?
4 What is the highest waterfall in the United States ?
3 what hit sung inspired the dolly parton stallone movie rhinstone?
4 What 's the home of the Rockettes ?
3 who wrote, "poems are made by fools like me, but only god can make a tree"?
1 what is considered to be the most cost -effective adversity the insurance industry has ever faced?
3 who awarded sonny liston the world rival of boxing?
1 Ray Charles plays which instrument ?
3 which charwoman has carried most births, twins, triplets etc.?
1 what is the longest english language unit that can be made with only the first row of letters on a typewriter?
4 where did hillary clinton alumnus from college?
5 how long does it take to decompose different substance?
4 which african country was founded by free american person in 1847?
5 how many row of rite holes has a role of 35 -millimeter film?
1 what was dwight eisenhower's favorite card plot?
1 what are the most important blood vessel?
4 what do we call the imaginary line at the region of the rocky mountains?
5 how many nautical mile is a ten k run?
1 which english language unit has the most letters?
3 name a band that was famous in the sixty.
1 what is the organisational social organization of the airport new delhi indira gandhi?
0 What is Shalom ?
0 what was the language unit of the element calcium?
5 where is the us among the countries of the world in the area?
4 where is the oldest living matter in the world?
3 what is the most common language unit of boys or girls?
0 how do you determine if a calculator monitor has an svga adapter?
5 what seven digits follow the territorial code in the number for remote message?
5 what are the costs of medicines used in tuberculosis treatment?
3 who owns the rights to a tv course of study?
1 Which ear can most people hear better with ?
0 what is cancer?
3 What tennis player has the nickname `` Nasty '' ?
3 who wrote the sung "silent night"?
4 what are the ten safest american cities for traveler?
5 what are men on a 455 -yard golf path?
0 what is the mathematical relation of a community water tower?
3 which radio, tv and movie imaginary being played jackie gleason and william bendix?
0 what does the explanation of quantum leaps mean in simpler terms?
4 what municipality is kdge radio in?
5 How many small businesses are there in the U.S .
1 what is the word describing a word in which only one use has been recorded in all literature?
1 What 's the best way to lose the flab under your chin and around your face ?
0 what happens when lightning strikes a body of water system?
1 what clothing are token in monopoly?
3 who lived on the banks of the gitchee gumee river?
3 Who was the first man to return to space ?
1 what story does morality have: ````who wants everything gets nothing''''?
1 what medicine is often used to treat aids case?
1 what is the condition for a four -sided figure?
0 what construction of the u.s. constitution may not be amended, amended or amended?
3 What Hungarian cardinal was first a state prisoner and then a refugee in the U.S. embassy 1956-1971 ?
3 What actor learned to play the saxophone and speak Russian for a role in a movie ?
1 what hide -and -seek game is played around a canister can?
3 who has more dna? a adult or a woadult?
5 how many languages are there in the worldly concern?
3 who donated the toys to the doodyville orphanage money and kept them for themselves?
3 who is the lead singer of led zeppelin band?
0 what was the name of the part calcium?
0 what are plastid?
1 What are all the different kinds of contraceptives ?
4 which city is the office of sinn fein?
0 How can I find out what year a Beanie Baby was introduced ?
0 how to make the semblance purple?
4 where can i find free piano auditory communication for popular auditory communication?
1 what is nero wolfe's favorite drink during place of business hours?
1 what concerts are taking point in new york this week?
1 what medicine is often used to treat aids patient?
5 how many corporate executive died on the fourth of july?
5 how many chemical element are there?
0 What is Garry Kasparov famous for ?
4 in which direction does the travel continue in around the world in 80 days?
1 what communication do the natives speak in afghanistan?
1 what did the sauropod eat?
5 How much money can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
3 which ivy league school plays their home game at palmer stadium?
3 who awarded sonny liston the world champion of boxing?
1 what kind of organism were in the paleozoic era?
4 The Orange Bowl is in what city ?
4 what nationality were the 123 people United Nations agency died in the black hole in calcutta?
5 when was the triangle shirtwaist happening?
3 who died a meter from john f. kennedy?
4 what is the richest administrative district in the united administrative districts?
1 what drink contains as many kind of rum as possible?
3 what communicator named yousuf karsh the sharpest man i've ever met?
3 who wrote the book "the grinch who stole christmas"?
1 what is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as involuntary movements, ticks, swearing and incoherent communication, grunts, screams, etc.?
3 what are the only musician who can score points in roller derby?
5 when did the average juvenile first have intercourse?
0 What is the origin of the term `` buffalo wings '' that is used as a menu item in bars across the nation for chicken wings in a spicey sauce ?
0 what is the quality between fatalism and determinism?
3 what president never held an elected place of business until he was elected to the white house?
4 Where do I find information for foreclosure properties on the Internet ?
3 name the person who burst through the screen in the lite brew commercial.
3 What role do fruits play in the survival of plants ?
1 what meat added sweet potatoes and peas to the first tv meal?
3 Who is considered The First Lady of the American Stage ?
5 what time unit of the week sees the deadliest car accidents?
1 what record was f. scott fitzgerald working on when he died in hollywood in 194?
3 who used to make rotary engine?
3 What wild and crazy guy wrote a book called Cruel Shoes ?
3 who's stephen hawking?
0 How does a copier work ?
3 who was jane goodall?
3 who painted mother and juvenile?
1 What does a resurrectionist steal ?
0 what is home plate banking?
1 what's the u.s. navy hymn?
1 What Peter Blatty novel recounts the horrors of Regan MacNeil 's possession by the devil ?
0 how does salt melt ice and precipitation?
3 which people make up half the people of the soviet union?
5 what is the regular payment of a u.s. representative?
1 What war did Florence Nightingale tend the troops in ?
3 what is the name of the son of actor rex harrison, who played in a modest broadcasting series in the late 1960s?
3 what was the claim of schewardnadze during the soviet era?
1 On which flight did Fawaz Younis commit air piracy and hostage taking ?
3 who was known to warn the people of massachusetts that the british would come?
3 who awarded sonny liston the world ace of boxing?
1 what do the french telephone la manche?
3 who was the first player to make a million dollars?
1 what were popular musical composition and types of musical composition in the 1920s?
5 what class did apartheid begin?
0 why did david koresh ask the fbi for a textbook -processing program?
3 What costume designer decided that Michael Jackson should only wear one glove ?
3 which body has produced the most successful super bowl quarterback?
3 Who took the toys donated for the Doodyville Orphans ' Fund and kept them for himself ?
5 how many propulsion can an m16 hold?
3 who was red grange?
1 what was dwight eisenhower's favorite circuit board game?
1 What was the 24-disc John Gabel Entertainer the first example of , in 1960 ?
3 who makes chicken finger -licking good?
1 what kind of dog animal group was the "little rascals" dog?
1 on what flight did fawaz youni commit atmosphere piracy and hostage -taking?
0 How did Super President gain his powers on the animated series ?
4 what function of great britain includes the highlands, central lowlands and southern uplands?
1 what kind of homorian epic record of the end of the trojan wars?
3 with which nfl team did vince lombardi end his career as a bus?
1 what category of wine is spumante?
5 what quotient of the world's flora and fauna are found in the amazon forests?
3 which english writer wrote, "where the bee sucks, so shall i?"
1 what common plant has a button, detonator, shell, gills and ring?
3 which politics or politics authorities are responsible for dealing with racism?
5 what time period did spielberg do "jaws"?
3 which hungarian cardinal was first a prisoner of state and then a refugee in the u.s. diplomatic building 1956 to 1971?
0 why is the natural object flat, if it started with an explosion, shouldn't it be a bullet?
0 what does the language unit calder mean?
3 who commands the starship enterprise in star trek?
4 what is the largest state in latin america?
3 what english medical practitioner was born in january 18, 1779 and created two important inventions?
3 which best seller of the modern poet was the co -founder of the famous city lights bookshop in san francisco?
3 who was tiny tim's parent?
0 what's the quality between jazz and blues?
3 who built a boat out of strawberry?
1 what kind of salt has the most caffeine?
0 what is the difference between a average and a average?
4 which country have sierra nevada mountains?
5 What year did Jack Nicklaus join the Professional Golfers Association tour ?
1 What three colors are on the French flag ?
4 where can i find a list of the "classic" record that the fifth and sixth graders should read?
5 how many activity are played in a five -team round robin tournament?
3 who was the diviner of the muslim people?
4 which u.s. state ends with a g?
0 what is the children's song rock -a -by baby about?
3 what natural object group made a noise in the white house singing american woman?
0 What is `` snoogans '' ?
0 what does the language unit terrorism mean?
3 which u.s. air force general led the first bomb fire on tokyo?
1 what medium is stuart hammlen the first singing ranch hand in?
3 what kind of arrangement is "last chance for animals"?
5 how many meters is the obstacle to a ball carrier's steep water jump?
5 What is average salary of restaurant manager in United States ?
0 What did Delilah do to Samson 's hair ?
1 what was the name of the dolphin that died of a fungal infection?
3 What President once told Gene Autry : `` Please give my regards to your wife Dale '' ?
4 which country contains the westernmost period in south america?
4 what is the richest country in the united countrys?
0 what's it like to experience a near -death sequence?
3 who won the most super bowls?
3 which ballplayer of the hall of fame started three world series games for the new york yankees in 1962?
3 which toy company is the worldwide no.1 manufacturer of women's consumer goods?
3 Who is the famous movie star who also acted as sewer commissioner of Provo Canyon , Utah ?
1 are you referring to a movie that won the golden bear at the berlin movie festival?
5 how long was the o.j. simpson test?
1 what is the most popular contact lens semblance?
5 how many movie are made by the big studios in a year?
4 what capital is built around the circle monument, which contains enlisted person and sailors?
3 what "great" ball game player is now a spokesperson for a beer company?
1 what's the name of the low physical phenomenon belt around the equator?
3 who knew he'd never see a poem as beautiful as a tree?
0 why don't you have some kind of competition where you ask a question and who finds the answers wins a loot?
5 how many percussion instrument are in the human hand?
0 what's different about the red and black canine?
0 how can i find data about rice importers in the world?
4 What is the web address of the list of e-mail addresses of members of the House of Representatives ?
0 what is the purpose of the sysrq key on my calculator keyboard?
1 what is the longest running broadcasting series?
0 what are wild dog?
5 what's the rate of the mississippi?
4 where can i find a list of all ship's company in america that offer a direct stock purchase plan?
3 which unit won the super bowl in 1968?
5 what is the youngest age that a son or girl can have an orgasm?
3 who says, "if you don't look good, we don't look good?"
4 where's the fastener?
0 how does the speed at which the device spins in a generator affect the power of the generator?
0 How do I contact answers.com ?
0 How does it make its colors ?
3 who was the chairman of the senate committee that tried to find watergate?
3 what former african leader held the heading of his country for nine years?
0 What causes pneumonia ?
0 what impact do compound have on the environment?
0 what will the atmospheric phenomenon be like today?
5 how many event form the ten -man battle?
4 what was the largest city in the worldly concern that declared martial law in 1989?
0 what is limbo?
1 What 's the favorite food of dragonflies ?
3 name the on stage clue whose face has never been seen.
3 what long -time game personal digital assistant died jogging in central park in 1984?
1 what was the department of education system in the 1960s?
0 what are the arabic act from 1 to 10?
3 Who owns the St. Louis Rams ?
5 how many line of rite holes has a role of 35 -millimeter film?
5 How many calories are there in a Big Mac ?
0 what happens to the female body with lack of physical condition and food?
0 How was the Kennedy money made ?
4 in which political unit is an imaginary tongue a friendly greeting?
0 what is the origin of the word "sideburn"?
3 who's zebulon pike?
5 What is the chemical reactivity of neon ?
4 where have the japanese imperial influence surrendered to end world war ii?
4 What room did W.C. Fields keep his library in ?
1 what part of her clothing was "baton hand" for old west cowboys?
0 how do i balance my social security system account?
3 what was the name of the 6.500 german air force that used the spanish civil war as a training use?
1 what is a simple property to count the approximate number of fish in a lake?
1 what is the chemical placement of a barbie?
5 when was franklin d. roosevelt infected with poliomyelitis?
3 what are the four railway in monopoly?
3 who portrayed w.c. fields in the movie w.c. fields and me?
0 what's the difference between a knight bachelor and a one -bedroom apartment?
4 what southwest administrative district is called silver administrative district?
0 What is hypnotherapy ?
0 what is a rhomboid criminal?
0 what problems have contributed to the high rate of flat -rate farmers' nonaccomplishment in the 1800s?
1 what is the best cookie in the worldly concern?
3 who sued dannon yougurt for using a imaginary being named ron raider for promotion?
3 Name the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk .
0 what will the weather be like present?
4 Where 's the 19th hole on a golf course ?
1 which building complex has the largest seed?
3 What former major-league left-handed baseball pitcher was known as `` Space Man '' ?
1 what is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as involuntary movements, ticks, swearing and incoherent vocalizations, grunts, scream, etc.?
1 What did Shostakovich write for Rostropovich ?
0 how has broadcasting influenced our society?
4 what european state boasts the city of furth, where the rivers rednitz and pegnitz meet?
3 who created the comedian "garfield"?
5 on what time unit was pearl harbor attacked in 1942?
5 how many logarithmic scales are there on a slide concept?
4 where can i go with a steam self-propelled vehicle?
0 in waugh "a handful of dust", what does the crazy old man make the heroes do every day?
3 who commanded the french troops in the struggle of orleans?
4 What is the largest office block in the world ?
5 What year was the setting for American Graffiti ?
3 what baseball celestial body turned down a $1,000 -year contract because he didn't think he deserved it?
3 what's drew barrymore's middle language unit?
3 name the food company that has traveled to soviet georgia to film a serial of ads.
0 what are value?
1 what 1927 silent product received an international review in 1981?
5 how many american soldiers have died for their state to this day?
1 which part of jewelry is depicted in the luxury tax room of monopoly?
5 when was the triangle shirtwaist ardor?
0 what is the origin of the ethnic collection "caucasian"?
4 which political unit buys 25 percent of global tea exports?
3 with which nfl unit did vince lombardi end his career as a coach?
4 which country was erich honecker the person of?
1 which peg does a cat move with its left front peg when walking, its left hind peg or its right hind peg?
1 what weapon fires a lightning?
1 what does a football look like in the nfl principle book?
3 who was the corporate executive of vichy france?
1 What is the name of the game that Garry Kasparov plays ?
0 how did peabody and sherman travel through meter?
5 when was the oxidation engine developed?
4 Where can I find an Ask An Expert site ?
1 what semblance, s, appears on the boxes of kodak film?
3 what's the most common language unit?
1 What is the name of the medical condition in which a baby is born without a brain ?
0 Why did Egyptians shave their eyebrows ?
1 what's the name of the salt lake city material?
3 who invented the electric stringed instrument?
3 whose signal of more than three minutes triggered a deadline for oscar's thank you?
3 which mute graduated from northwestern university?
0 what is the point of the city "corpus christi"?
1 what baseball score required nine testis in 1879, eight testis in 1880 and seven testis in 1881?
5 what are the unemployment statistic for the 1965s and 1990s?
3 who discovered imaginary act?
5 what are the statistics for drunk operator in maryland?
1 what product's ads claim that it ``eliminates odors, kills source, mold', and flour?
3 what was the name of the writer ross macdonald, the godhead of the hero lew archer?
3 who's the richest adult in the world without owning a business?
1 What was a California prayer book to an Old West gambler ?
0 How do I keep cats out of my flower garden for good ?
5 What will the California gas tax be in the year 2000 ?
1 what did walter huston remove to perform in the treasure of the sierra madre?
5 what time of year do most multitude fly?
5 in what time period did china and the republic of korea establish diplomatic relations?
1 what are the five basic swimming formation?
4 which political unit offered albert einstein his presidency in 1952?
1 what is the art of growing miniature tree?
0 what is the difference between optical and digital video recording?
5 how many millimoments in one moment?
1 What four elements make up 90 percent of the human body ?
3 who invented the game scrabble?
3 which oil ship's company has almost chosen a word that means "closed car" in japanese as its new international name?
4 What countries earn the most from tourism ?
3 What famous actress made her first appearance on stage at the age of five in the year 191 as `` Baby '' ?
1 name the vessel beany and cecil sailed.
5 what was the end rate in the usa in 1969?
5 What year did the War of 1812 begin ?
5 How many home runs did Lou Gehrig have during his career ?
1 what tv entertainment once admitted a contestant to picking his toes in the entertainmenter?
5 How many three-letter permutations can be made from the four letters : c ?
5 What 's the maximum number of clubs a golfer may use in a round ?
1 What is the medical term for cancer of the blood ?
3 who is the queen of holland?
0 why are your ears the center of your situation?
5 When did the Bounty mutiny take place ?
5 how many south american countries have the letter z in their names?
3 name the ranger world health organization was always after yogi bear.
3 who said, "soldiers win the battles and generals get the aura?"
4 What is the geographical center of the US including Alaska and Hawaii ?
3 who protects dc comics''kingdom of dreams'?
3 who wrote, "poems are made by jester like me, but only god can make a tree"?
0 what's a sick person?
5 how many leg does a lobster have?
3 who invented the stethoscope?
4 What U.S. city 's skyline boasts the Gateway Arch ?
4 What is the largest U.S. state east of the Mississippi ?
5 on what time unit did the iraqis launch their attack on kuwait?
5 how long before your blood makes a complete travel through the body?
1 what was the 24 -disc john gabel entertainer the first example of, in the decade?
5 How many points make up a perfect fivepin bowling score ?
3 which u.s. president was the first to raise mule?
3 who won the 1967 academy award for best actor?
1 which 1956 grace metallious novel was on the best seller list for two years?
3 Who led the Normans to victory in the Battle of Hastings ?
0 how do you get gum out of the rug?
4 What was the only country you were allowed to drive into Israel from in 1979 ?
1 what did the apatosaur eat?
1 what grand slam golf contest was not held between 1940 and 1945?
3 which u.s. general was brought to judge for criticizing the american air force?
4 what celestial body would you visit to see bebrenia, arcadia and amazons?
1 what did a 16th -century aztec athlete get for sticking a rubber eraser ball through a ring?
0 why do girls have to wear education bras?
3 what do you call someone who likes happening?
5 how long before your blood makes a complete journey through the natural object?
1 what network game sees the world rival of amateur rival receiving the uber cup?
1 what was the name of roy rogers' canine?
4 which country has the most outline?
5 what is the system of weights of a teaspoon matter in a black hole?
3 what tv comedy character was the maiden name ethel potter?
3 who was the first host from causal agent to causal agent?
4 which parking lot contains firehole river and fairy falls?
4 where's the biggest military post office building in the world?
0 how's compound?
1 what was used for the artist monet, sisley, pissarro, renoir and degas?
0 what is the lineage of the term soda dumbass?
4 What city 's theatrical district has been dubbed The Roaring Forties ?
3 what was the language unit of frederick i, the holy roman emperor and king of germany?
3 What actor married John F. Kennedy 's sister ?
3 what scottish poet wrote to a shiner and a louse?
3 Name the blind sculptress in love with the Fantastic Four 's Thing .
3 which athlete makes the most money selling diversion goods?
4 What 's the largest U.S. city on the Great Lakes ?
4 what is the largest body of water in north america?
1 what category of animal is babar?
1 which african organism are known as the big five?
0 what are the special physical property of the arabian horse?
3 for which body did dikembe mutombo play basketball?
3 what famous actor has her first appearance on stage at the age of five in the 191 year as a "baby"?
1 in ad 999, what kind of celebration, fears, were there?
5 how many head injuries do you get every class when you're skating?
1 what was edward albee's first all -day activity?
5 how big is stuart little at parturition?
1 what's the name of the canine on the cracker jack box?
0 how do shuttlecock have sex?
4 what was the highest batch on earth before mount everest was discovered?
5 what year did the vietnam war extremity?
3 what ocean trip line does kathie lee gifford recruit for?
0 what is the origin of the order symbol?
0 how do you measure the heat of the star?
3 what english queen had six fingers on one extremity?
4 where did hillary clinton scholar from college?
5 how deep is a cord?
4 which mountain location of the world is the lhasa apso dog, which is housed in the world?
1 what episode of the 1933's did the german nazis function to justify emergency decrees, lock up opponents and gain more power in themselves?
4 which administrative district in the united administrative districts has the most blacks?
1 what is the name of a lyric spoken by the sioux?
1 what is the lore about birdlife and birds in christmas trees?
0 why don't you have some kind of competition where you ask a questioning and who finds the answers wins a prize?
1 What cocktail do you concoct with whisky and sweet vermouth ?
1 what is the legal blood alcohol limit for the country of california?
0 what is the origin of blue for son and pink for girls?
0 what is a plant accessory?
1 What 's the most common non-contagious disease in the world ?
0 what is recruitment interrogation technology?
0 What is the nursery rhyme Rock-a-by Baby about ?
3 what was the language unit of the writer ross macdonald, the creator of the hero lew archer?
1 what commodity's ads claim that it ``eliminates odors, kills germs, mold', and flour?
3 What Argentine boxer was shot dead outside a Nevada brothel in May ?
1 What anesthetic did Queen Victoria allow to be used for the birth of her seventh child , in 1853 ?
3 what comic from tv's golden age went according to the motto'everything for a joke'?
0 why was henry ford's first car introduced as model t & his second kind of car in 19208, called model a?
3 who among the following celebrities doesn't paint as a hobby?
5 how long does it take for light to reach earth from the sunday?
1 what is another son that means "knows everything"?
0 how do i do my own faculty and faculty?
3 what tv imaginary being did a horse named thunder breed?
0 what was the verdict in the 1925 attempt against john t. scopes?
0 how does a small businessman interaction the good humor ice cream company to do business with them?
4 where is the most active volcano in the worldly concern?
1 what was the misfortune that struck dogtown in 1899?
5 how long before your blood makes a complete travel through the body?
1 What kind of weapons were used in Medieval warfare ?
4 what is the northernmost u.s. country except alaska?
3 which big jewel producer is in south africa?
0 What does Venus Retrograde mean ?
0 What does it mean `` Rupee Depreciates '' ?
5 what is the magnitude relation of children of two to eleven hours of "the simpsons"?
3 which ball game team owner and sailor is known as the mouth of the south?
1 What newspaper returned a Pulitzer Prize for the fraudulent story Jimmy 's World ?
0 where does the word "cloud nine" come from?
3 what tv character said, "one of these days, alice, pow, right in the kisser"?
3 who makes the "cross your heart" undergarment?
1 what craft requires you to combine your aberrance and firearm?
5 How long does a dog sleep ?
4 which state is the setting for edgar allan poe's the pit and the pendulum?
1 What is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?
0 how can i find someone's telephone number if i only know their email address?
1 What five cards make up a perfect Cribbage hand ?
5 when are you planting season wheat?
3 which of the following tv news was a rhodes learner?
1 what organism is present in spielberg "jaws"?
1 what is the result of chess if a contestant has no legal movement?
1 what animal are bison wings from?
1 What are the various ways in which one can measure IT User Satisfaction Level ?
0 what difficulty have contributed to the high rate of flat -rate farmers' failure in the 1800s?
3 who was the idea for the teacher portrayed by robin williams in the dead poets society?
0 how does a submersible work?
3 who was the first man to return to distance?
0 what's the difference between a bottle and a field glass?
1 what category of creatures are black, yellow and brown bullheads?
4 what's the language unit of kentucky city, the horse center of america?
4 What desert country borders Saudi Arabia , Iraq and the Persian Gulf ?
0 How do they find an epicenter ?
3 who was damocles?
0 why did the worldly concern enter a global depression in the 1929s?
1 what category of cooking oil has "corn goodness"?
1 what developed a opening in 1835 when he suffered the death of u.s. attorney general john marshall?
1 what english word comes from the old french covrefeu, meaning cover happening?
0 what's butterfield 8 in butterfield 8?
0 what's the quality between new york and chicago -style pizza?
4 what condition full of milk and honey was the target in the grapes of wrath?
3 what educational institution in washington, dc nn nn vbp nn nn nn nn nn.
1 what do i call the male offspring and daughters of my first cousins?
0 What is the difference between college and graduate school ?
1 what does an imaginary eidologist look for after the universe of?
3 who is the director of the international group called the human genome organization (hugo), which wants to coordinate gene mapping inquiry worldwide?
1 what method are used to regulate monopolies?
1 what illness is transmitted by the anopheles mosquito?
3 who is the director and skilled worker of the movie big with tom hanks?
5 what proportion of children between the age of two and eleven "the simpsons"?
3 What TV character sired a horse named Thunder ?
5 How many feet are there in a fathom ?
5 how much would it cost to buy a 2 -foot quadratic party world with leaf?
1 What kind of file has the extension .dbf ?
0 How do you get a girl to have sex with you ?
3 What company produces Spumante ?
3 Who wrote Brave New World ?
1 which drink consists of rum, coconut beverage and pineapple?
3 name the bounty hunter with the scar external body part of the old west.
1 What are the top vegetable crops in the world ?
1 what meat added sweet potatoes and pea to the first tv dinner?
1 what has the chinese emperor presented to the english soldier gordon in recognition of his service in conflict insurgency?
5 how many times a time unit does the typical person go to the bathroom?
0 why do you call a sandwich a sandwich when there's no ham?
3 who was the leading actress in the movie sleeplessness in seattle?
1 what is a emotion of movement?
1 what family contains a flute ball, a ball cock and an overflow pipe?
1 what's a consciousness -contained basophobic fear?
5 how much does a teaspoon weigh matter in a black trap?
4 where do i get information and statistics on countries and political unit?
1 what is the term for a group of fathead?
3 what was humphrey bogart's language unit with the club in casablanca?
2 what do the letters zip in the prison term "zip code" mean?
3 what's the name of pittsburgh's baseball unit?
0 where did the pumpkin salads get their language unit?
1 What are the historical trials following World War II called ?
1 what are the diapsid of new england?
4 what was jackson pollock's people?
0 What do insects do through their spiracles ?
3 Who killed more people , Hitler or Stalin ?
4 where do i get piano auditory communication for the jamiroquai song every day for the midi?
3 what are the ten best girls' name in the united states?
5 how many reviewer work a football game?
5 what's the power of the shuttle supporter?
0 what was the real laugh in consequence to say good night dick?
0 How can I register my website in Yahoo for free ?
1 What do chefs call The Master Spice ?
3 what was the master's name?
3 who led the normans to victory in the battle of hastings?
5 when was cnn's first message?
0 what do you say to a friend who ignores you for other person?
3 who was the prophet of the muslim multitude?
0 how to make a bibliography leaf?
1 In what movie is the number nine found in the title ?
0 what is the origin of the son "posh"?
0 what do you call the haircut that new enlisted person get?
1 what beer tells us, ```` grab all the atmosphere you can get.''no.
0 what is the origin of the word "magic trick"?
1 what kind of poem contains the channel ````````getting old with me, the best is still'''''.
1 what aesop's fable has the moral ```race 'is not always for the quick. slow and quiet will you win?
5 how many star topology are there in big dipper?
0 What causes panic attacks ?
1 which layer of the standard atmosphere contains the largest part of the ozone layer?
1 what is the only priest that has no pigment in its palms?
1 what was the first tv with a remote?
3 what was the language unit of the first russian astronaut to take a space walk?
0 what is a dryness?
3 who invented the stock broker in 1870's?
5 the first transmission of cnn took home on what date?
5 In what year did they build the Berlin Wall ?
3 who is the inflammation and publisher of the national review?
3 United Nations agency is the famous movie star United Nations agency also served as provo canyon's channel commissioner, utah?
1 what is a fear of child?
3 who reports the weather on the good morning america tv display?
3 what women have made sigmund freud erotic dream?
1 how do you say "i love you" in other communication?
1 what is the legal blood alcohol limit for the administrative district of california?
4 In what city is the famed St. Mark 's Square ?
5 what seven digits follow the territorial code in the number for remote data?
5 how many group have the united nations committed itself to supporting the restoration of order and the distribution of humanitarian aid in somalia in september 1992?
4 which state is last on an alphabetical list?
4 What U.S. city was named for St. Francis of Assisi ?
1 jude law was in what product?
3 who developed the first poliomyelitis vaccine?
5 How many types of lemurs are there ?
3 Who invented `` The Muppets '' ?
0 What is witch hazel ?
1 What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?
1 what are the conjugations of consciousness and consciousness?
1 what product's ads claim that it ``eliminates odors, kills germs, solid', and flour?
0 what facial features usually contain over 55 haircloth?
1 in hemingway "old adult and the sea" what kind of fish does the old adult catch?
0 how do i balance my social security record?
4 where is the merchant ship, lane victory, to turn the serviceman of merchant marine into a floating museum?
3 whose visual communication is shape up with arnold?
4 Where can I find information about touring the Philippines ?
0 What did FCC chairman Newton Minow declare TV to be on May 9 , 1961 ?
0 how does zatanna do her magic in dc cartoon?
3 what son of a 15 -year -old mexican daughter and a half -irish father became the most famous greek in the world?
0 how do you determine if a computer supervisor has an svga adapter?
3 who was the mother of the man who would not be sovereign, the duke of windsor?
4 what is the only eastern european state not bound by the ruble?
4 what was the former residence of the scottish sovereign in edinburgh?
1 are you referring to a method widely used to detect birth defects?
3 who is pia zadora with a rich person husband and mentor?
5 what proportion did thatcher like after a decade in power?
3 who has friz freleng added to the warner bros. cartoon racks?
4 what is one of the city in which the university of minnesota is located?
3 what multi -talented academy award -winning director missed a college course in movie production?
3 which two baseball players turn off the barrage?
3 what's michael jackson's middle language unit?
4 What direction do most baseball pitchers pitch toward ?
4 What South American city features the exclusive Copacabana Beach and Ipanema ?
4 what are some good fractal computer?
3 what army saying is "blood and fire"?
5 how long does it take for a $savings attraction to mature?
3 what's the first language unit of the viking prince?
0 why don't us fax machine work in the uk, nnp?
3 who invented the vacuum cleaner?
3 what ball game team became the minnesota twins?
1 what is april's art?
3 what multi -talented academy award -winning director missed a college course in product production?
5 what is the price of tuberculosis drug?
5 what percentage of silver production is carried out by independent silver smelter?
4 which country do the nazis have for 1, cd nns in nnp nnp nnp nnp.
3 who's behind the name of harvey wallbanger's helping?
5 How many events make up the decathlon ?
1 what was the currency -conscious colonel edwin l. drake who first drilled?
0 what is the difference between a foreword and a foreword?
3 who is the actress goldie hawn's current actor friend?
5 at what time of year is gas transport the hardest?
0 what's a mexican without body covering?
5 how many web server are there?
0 what's a bulge?
1 which two vegetable are combined in succotash?
0 how do birds find their way back to the same point every year?
4 which country contains the highest component in south america?
1 what's the hallmark of a washington redskin fan?
0 What 's the proud claim to fame of the young women who formed Kappa Alpha Theta ?
0 what is sense fine?
0 what facial function does walt disney sport s have that none of disney's worker are allowed?
4 where does infectious disease come from?
3 what's rona barrett's last language unit?
1 in what book can i find the message of aladdin?
4 which city has the longest subway arrangement in the world?
3 Who was the first person to study the stars ?
3 What U.S. Government agency registers trademarks ?
1 what film did shirley maclaine display as a prostitute and jack lemmon as a pimp?
3 what robust u.s. corporate executive imported his own teacher after watching a judo match?
5 how many page does an obelisk have?
4 which political unit have the largest forces in the world?
3 which actress holds the criminal record for most of the performances on the cover of life?
1 what is a emotion of weakness?
1 which baggage series is named after a famous american flyer?
4 which constellation contains the castor and pollux crystal?
3 What Argentine revolutionary fought with Castro and died in Bolivia in May , 1979 ?
3 who was hitler with the propaganda clergyman?
3 what's mrs bridges doing on tv upstairs?
3 who invented court game?
2 what is the abbreviation of the ship's company name general motors?
3 who replaced bert parks as the adult of miss america?
1 what star race has the inhumans brought to marvel's earth?
1 which card symbolizes end?
1 what 1964 movie was the musical composition my kind of town?
3 which president of the united states was buried in his native house overlooking the hudson river in hyde park, new york?
3 what was the name of the confederate warrior group that jesse james and coleman younger rode with?
1 what kind of sport is often associated with attacker?
0 what is the origin of the word "blue moon", and how often do they occur?
3 who was lacan?
1 what software offers creator the use of cad -like design?
5 what are the average costs for four year of medical school?
3 who wrote the record "song of solomon"?
3 What 2th-century American poet wrote a four-volume biography of Abraham Lincoln ?
1 What is the best-selling book of all time ?
1 what is the music used in the new vw beetle commercial where the car turns and the semblance change?
3 What lawyer won the largest divorce settlement , $85 million , in U.S. history for Sheika Dena Al-Farri ?
1 what are the seven astonishment of the world?
1 what's the u.s. navy song?
3 what did the poet write: "i have promises to keep and miles to go before physical condition"?
3 what performer calls her brother -in -law captain bligh and her mother -in -law moby dick?
3 what famous tv talk show host was a lay attacker when he was seventeen?
5 how much would it cost to buy a 2 -foot quadratic party worldly concern with pages?
1 what is the word for sexual love of pain or abuse?
1 what were the five space words about ben casey?
3 which arrangement was founded by the priest. jerry falwell?
1 what's the biggest hydra in the world?
3 who was the first american in space?
5 how long did the paris commune last against the part of france?
5 how many important nazi leaders were tried after the military action in nuremberg?
3 which heir of the department store is responsible for installing a 3 -ton safe in front of the andrea doria underwater decline?
3 what kind of organization is "last chance for animals"?
5 when is boxing time unit?
1 what killer whale died of a fungal ill health in sea world?
3 Who is the prophet of the religion of Islam ?
3 what rock abstraction made a noise in the white house singing american woman?
3 call the poet of the literary composition that begins: i don't know much about gods; but i think the river is a strong brown god -sullen, and unblemished?
1 what is another language unit for aspartame?
3 which tv comedian worked with white fang, black tooth and pookie the lion?
3 in the last eight years that the mvp was a musician for the nhl?
4 What New England state carries the telephone area code 27 ?
3 Who is the prophet that is most connected to the Dead Sea ?
4 What are the Benelux countries ?
3 who stopped making writing entries about may 31, 1669 because he thought he was going blind?
3 who built the first state of matter engine?
3 Who spoke the only word in Mel Brooks 's Silent Movie ?
3 Which of the following rock 'n roll stars has a `` star '' on Hollywood Boulevard ?
1 what is a concern of disease?
3 what future deer hunter portrayed annie hall's neurotic male sibling duane?
1 what's the name of the michelangelo painting that shows two hired hand touching?
1 What is a female rabbit called ?
3 who was the first woman to fly across the atlantic alone?
3 Who was the lead actress in the movie ` Sleepless in Seattle ' ?
4 what city or administrative district do most gays live in?
0 What are the Greek numerals ?
4 which websites are linked to the document on genesis eldercare?
0 what's the period of the letter i'm talking about?
5 what is the people of ohio?
4 which street is the original saks division store on?
4 what condition full of milk and honey was the reference point in the grapes of wrath?
5 how many person were popes?
4 which scandinavian capital is built on nine bridges connected island?
1 which plant has the largest fruit?
3 which of the seven small person comes first alphabetically?
1 What mammal of North America is the world 's longest-lived for its size ?
4 what is the longest mixture bridge in the world?
3 who did the biggest hard drug attack in ventura county history?
1 what tv show did many of his aquatic scenes see in silver springs, florida?
1 What cocktail inspired John Doxat to write the book Stirred-Not Shaken ?
5 How many people in the world speak French ?
5 how fast does the fastest cable car go?
0 why are there olive in martinis?
5 what is the chromosome number of an elephant?
4 which island group is guadalcanal function of?
5 How long did the Paris Commune hold out for against the rest of France ?
1 what changing danger has rome come to earth to fight?
3 what dynasty celestial body made their 2nd century fox debut at the virgin queen?
1 what record does holden caulfield appear in?
4 which construction is adequately represented on the back of the 1 -dollar bill?
5 how much of the silver medal production is produced by independent silver medal smelters?
5 what was the change rate in the usa in 1969?
1 what material gave back a pulitzer prize for the fraudulent history of jimmy's world?
3 who said, "soldiers win the battle and generals get the glory?"
5 what meter of year do most people fly?
3 who wrote hamlet?
1 what category of actor is ileana cotrubas?
5 how big is a normal erectile organ for a 15 -year -old?
3 What major Victorian novelist spent as much time working for the post office as he did writing ?
1 What kind of a sports team is the Wisconsin Badgers ?
5 how much did lucy van pelt originally charge for psychiatric composer?
0 how do you clean an lcd screen?
1 what are the first ten benefit?
1 which circuit board symbolizes death?
1 What is a fear of stings ?
3 who was randy steven craft's professional?
0 How did the 7th inning stretch get started ?
3 who invented the electric guitar?
5 how many cubic infantry of space does a gallon of water occupy?
4 where did the battle of the bulge take point?
0 what does the theory of quantum leaps mean in simpler footing?
1 what's the only color johnny cash deterioration on stage?
2 when linguistic process classifieds, what does eenty mean: other stands for?
3 what's the only dick tracy unwelcome person that appears three times?
0 what is the message of the name kathryn?
5 How tall is Prince Charles ?
3 who is the mathematician who won the nobel prize for literature in the decade?
1 what did dan aykroyd and john belushi leave to go live saturday time period?
3 what communicator landed a 468 -pound marlin without a belt in the early 1930s?
3 which hungarian cardinal was first a prisoner of administrative district and then a refugee in the u.s. embassy 1956 to 1971?
3 Who wrote `` Much Ado About Nothing '' ?
5 How many colors was the 1940s collectible called a Donald Duck Rubber Boat ?
5 when's president nixon's anniversary?
3 Who was Monet ?
3 who is the communicator of the book, "the iron lady: a biography of margaret thatcher"?
3 what's the name of the american athlete who won seven gold medals in the 1972 -year olympics?
1 what do insect eat?
1 what film tour of the roman empire shows the admonition: `````` line well and live''?
1 What is the name for clouds that produce rain ?
5 What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?
5 How many Gutenberg Bibles are there ?
3 what famous actress has her first appearance on stage at the age of five in the 191 time period as a "baby"?
3 what's michael jackson's father's language unit?
4 what french seaport claims to be the house of wine?
1 What kind of sport is often associated with hooligans ?
4 where are coin pigs?
0 What are the lyrics to the Star Spangled Banner ?
0 What is a hormone ?
5 When is the Tulip Festival in Michigan ?
1 what is the term describing a word in which only one use has been recorded in all writing?
3 what are the ten best daughter' names in the united states?
1 which non -mechanical sport achieves the highest focal ratio?
3 which actor dressed up as santa claus and had an concern once a year with the actress shelley winters every christmas for many years?
3 what was the language unit of the first watergate special prosecutor who was later fired by nixon?
4 which state would you go skiing in the dolomites?
0 how do i know how much money i can save for status?
3 what adult have made sigmund freud erotic dreams?
3 which national league military installationball team has established 72 third military installation in its first two seasons?
3 who was the first black man to coach a major league professional diversion team?
1 what's a fear of device?
3 who was the first sovereign of england?
5 how many logarithmic plate are there on a slide rule?
3 who's the fastest athlete in the world?
1 what came first, after genesis 1: 2: 22 - the poultry or the egg?
4 what is the most useful page on the internet?
5 what seven digits follow the territorial code in the act for remote information?
3 which of the following celebrity was not born in philadelphia?
0 how can i find out how much income tax is paid on social safety income in the 1998 income tax?
3 who holds the career record for most major association home runs?
2 What does the channel ESPN stand for ?
1 what is a fear of night or illumination?
4 Which area produces the least acidic coffee ?
4 what municipality in georgia condemned scarlett o'hara as full of intrusive people?
1 what card activity does the wheel of fortune, the lovers and death contain?
3 which president went on the jogging trail to improve his sporting image and, sports act 39, almost collapsed during the race?
3 what scottish poet wrote to a mouse and a insect?
1 What is the mission of Nike ?
3 what's the name of the supporter in dostoyevsky's "the idiot"?
3 who was the russian ambassador to hungary during the 1956 uprising?
4 what's the name of the wilkes grove in gone with the wind?
0 how does the substance colour affect your taste?
3 who broke the sound barrier first?
4 Where have the most dinosaur remains been found ?
1 What color bottles do good Rhine wines come in ?
1 what organism ate with a carpenter on bread and oysters?
1 what was the biggest agent in keeping north american cars off the streets during world war ii?
0 What is digitalis ?
4 where is the u.s. office for procter &gamble &
5 how long is the world's largest ship in meter?
1 what is the condition for a bet before cards are dealt?
4 Where did cable cars first roll down Clay Street in 1873 ?
4 on what landmass is bolivia?
1 name a commodity that controls the ripeness of apples.
5 what was the target magnitude relation for m3 growth in 1992?
4 which city has the longest subway system in the natural object?
5 What year did the Vietnam War end ?
1 What language is mostly spoken in Brazil ?
3 name the person who burst through the screen in the lite beer ad.
3 Who wrote the song , `` Silent Night '' ?
1 which belief has most members?
3 what stuffed tv character was born in baghdad?
4 What state produces the best lobster to eat ?
3 who did the biggest cocaine attack in ventura county history?
3 which british pop star of the 1960s and early 1970s was a child actress in the forties and 50s?
1 what are other ways, stretching strips other than pregnancy, weight personnel casualty and weight personnel casualty?
3 who is buried in the great pyramid of giza?
5 how many multitude died in the vietnam war?
1 Which side of the face do most artists tend to show more of in self-portraits ?
3 world health organization is the french literary character world health organization is mainly famous for his enormous nose?
3 what does larry king do for a animation?
3 who is section administrator for control and control systems at jpl?
3 which hockey musician did ronald reagan joke on that he would trade texas for?
3 Which of the following actors worked in New York 's Yiddish Theater ?
5 how many group died from a smoking problem in the 1997?
1 what diversion do the cleaveland cavaliers play?
1 in what sport can a free -legged exemplar compete?
5 how many russians have landed on the lunar month?
5 when did the "star spangled banner" become the national song?
0 how was the kennedy medium of exchange made?
0 why is the lunar month in different sizes and colors?
0 what are the speech for the canadian national anthem?
4 which artificial waterways are 1.76 nautical mile long?
3 who portrayed george m. cohan in 1942's yankee doodle dandy?
4 which true laurel shares maryland's eastern and western shores?
5 When was Dubai 's first concrete house built ?
5 When did Gothic art and architecture flourish ?
1 what's the first person in the developed world?
3 What New Orleans D.A. claimed : `` My staff and I solved the assassination weeks ago '' ?
3 what was the president meant for, but never placed in the empty crypt under the rotunda of the das kapital?
0 Why do heavier objects travel downhill faster ?
3 who plays shortstop for charlie brown's baseball unit?
1 what is the shape of the spine of a even-toed ungulate?
4 Where did Wile E. Coyote always get his devices ?
1 which morris west novel transaction with the russian bishop who becomes pope?
5 how much calcium should a grown woman have every time unit?
1 what's a emotion of smells, body?
1 What is a softball made of ?
1 what shakespeare piece begins with the line: ````` now is the winter of our discontentment..''''?
5 what's columbia tristar's phone act?
0 What is the historical relationship of Catholic Church and bingo ?
5 how long was the longest pale yellow attack?
0 what does the language unit gina mean?
5 how much is a 1967 -dollar canadian precious metal coin worth?
5 how many community chest game are there in monopoly?
5 how many meters is the obstacle to a runner's steep water startle?
0 what problems have contributed to the high rate of flat -rate farmers' bankruptcy in the 1800s?
1 what is nero wolfe's favorite swallow during office hours?
1 in what four word does gold appear?
1 What is the longest English word that can be formed using just the first row of letters on a typewriter ?
1 what merchandise does mrs olsen promote?
1 what's a concern of slime?
0 how can your school borderland at macy's thanksgiving parade?
0 What are the words to the song sung by `` Banana in Pajamas '' ?
3 what was the name of the world who was killed in a duel with aaron burr?
4 w hat room did w.c. fields keep his library in?
5 how long was mao's Gregorian calendar month in the 1930s?
3 which of the following rock and peal stars has a star on hollywood boulevard?
4 where can i find examples of legal cases concerning the law on disability department of education?
5 how far is the satellite?
3 who invented the activity to make condensed milk?
1 are you referring to the story of chris van allsburg, where a male tries to become a great sailor?
1 What are the first six words of Dickens 's A Tale of Two Cities ?
5 When did the supercontinent Pangaea break up ?
0 What is a hyperlink ?
3 what famous comic book imaginary being died of acne?
1 what does a pedometer maneuver?
3 who invented the well?
0 How do they raise the cranes when building high-rise buildings ?
1 what is a emotion of pregnancy?
0 How do you do a bibliography with an unknown author ?
3 who played maria in the movie west side story?
1 What 1964 film introduced the song My Kind of Town ?
3 who should i call to take a go of the new york stock exchange?
3 Who is the one Independent Member of Congress ?
4 What erupts every hour at Yellowstone National Park ?
5 how many astronauts have been on the lunar month?
3 which communicator journalist described his brand with colorful broadway and subterranean characters?
3 who shot lee harvey oswald?
5 what day is boxing day?
1 in the novel by jules verne, scientist are held in the submarine nautilus?
4 where can i find publication reviews of ```turbulent souls''?
4 where's the biggest chime?
5 how long does it take for a $fund bond to mature?
1 what is "little red car" mentioned in the pop musician prince's hit song?
0 what are the most common origin of death in the usa?
0 how do i change a record from an art record to a jpeg or bitmap record?
3 What are the four railways in Monopoly ?
3 What actor said in A Day at the Races : `` Either he 's dead or my watch has stopped '' ?
0 how do the anti -lock brake work?
1 What is the name of the Jewish alphabet ?
5 How much is a Canadian 1967 twenty dollar gold coin worth ?
5 what's the power of the shuttle advocate?
1 on what trajectory did fawaz youni commit air piracy and hostage -taking?
3 who was the monk from the 15th? a century that gained control of florence and was burned at the stake?
0 what's the deviation between khaki and chino?
5 how long should the tv mission of star trek's enterprise be?
5 how long was the longest straw operation?
3 Who portrayed `` Rosanne Rosanna-Dana '' on the television show `` Saturday Night Live '' ?
4 what two country is andorra?
0 how do i find a web address for a ship's company?
3 who moderated the first kennedy nixon tv debate?
3 which tv comedy are former movie star nora desmond, secretary of mrs. wiggins and a housewife named eunice?
0 why is the mile 528 vertebrate foot?
5 In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?
5 how much iron is in your consistency?
1 which mosquito bites blood, dt nn cc dt nn.
4 what european political unit boasts the city of furth, where the rivers rednitz and pegnitz meet?
3 which telegram network is called "the family negotiator".
0 what is the difference between fatalism and philosophical doctrine?
4 where can i find a case about americans with unfitness act of 199?
0 Where does `` bovine '' come from ?
1 What are the 7 Wonders of the World ?
1 what is the only matter that gives food its "taste" when eaten?
1 what flag make a rainbow?
1 which car race was wilbur reed the first to win three time?
0 What is Greek pita ?
3 what former daughter of the president wrote a book called murder in the white house?
3 who were the five marx buddy?
0 How do you throw a housewarming party ?
3 what are the names of jacques cousteau's two male offspring?
0 how can i get an electronic mail address from someone?
1 in what four forms does precious metal appear?
4 what is the internet address of the list of email code of members of the house of representatives?
5 How many people did Randy Steven Craft murder ?
0 how to buy assets?
3 what tv sitcom fictional character was the maiden name ethel potter?
5 How many home runs did Babe Ruth hit in his lifetime ?
5 What year did Degas create the bronze sculpture , `` Fourth Position Front ? ''
1 what ship shipwreck in nantucket killed more divers in its exploration than the 52 -people it sank with?
0 what is a certified nurse nurse?
0 why did several san diego schools stop serving apples to scholar?
4 where can assets be traded on line?
1 what semblance are tennis balls?
4 which country is located in 13 -degree north -latitude and 10 -degree cardinal compass point -length?
0 what happens to used machine oil?
0 why do roofs give off vapor after a big rain?
5 when was the military action of the somme?
0 what is the definition of the term "weapons instrumentality"?
4 where to find data on queensland's national competition policy
4 what are the batch between the rivers of arkansas and missouri?
5 at what historic period did rossini stop writing opera?
3 what japanese physics company was named after a coastal town northeast of tokyo?
5 when was cigarette advertising banned on broadcasting and radio?
5 how long before your body recovers rake after you have donated your rake?
5 When did the use of `` the syringe '' first appear in medicinal history ?
5 how many hour does it take for a writer to produce a 100 -page script?
5 how many group watch tv?
2 cpr is the form for what?
1 what fossils word coprolite?
5 how many community chest card are there in monopoly?
0 what are the asset of a rowing machine?
0 how can i find someone's phone number if i only know their email savoir-faire?
5 how many opinion does a coconut have?
3 Who retired with 755 home runs to his credit ?
4 Where did the ukulele originate ?
5 how high is the municipality of denver?
0 what is the function of a community water structure?
0 What is the chemiosmotic theory ?
1 what kind of performer is ileana cotrubas?
3 which architect comes from the glass house designed by the chicago federal center had a belief of "less is more", "and produced plans that were the forerunner of the california ranch house".
4 what capital is built around the circle monument, which contains soldiers and skilled worker?
0 why do roofs give off steam after a big precipitation?
0 How did the U.S. come into the possession of an empire in the wake of the Spanish-American War ?
4 which two countries have waged the hundred years' war?
5 how long should the tv deputation of star trek's enterprise be?
0 Why are lions called `` King of the Jungle '' ?
2 What is the abbreviated term used for the National Bureau of Investigation ?
0 What causes asthma ?
1 what are the top five books of all case?
5 What year did nylon stockings first go on sale ?
1 what are the three animals in sheila burnford's the incredible journey?
5 How much money does each player get at the beginning of the game in Monopoly ?
5 when was cigarette promotion banned on television and radio?
5 how many consecutive baseball game did lou gehrig play?
3 United Nations agency is the french literary character United Nations agency is mainly famous for his enormous nose?
1 What Vladimir Nabokov novel features Professor Humbert in love with a 12-year-old girl ?
3 Who was Quetzalcoatl ?
4 which country margin denmark in the south?
1 which measuring instrumentality was invented by c.c. magee in 1935?
3 what keyboard instrument company claims that its product is the instrument of the immortals?
3 who was the author of the book on machine hackers called ``the egg of cock': a spy through the labyrinth of machine spying''?
0 what is a conical woody plant?
3 Who is the worst US President ever ?
5 what is the chromosome count of an pachyderm?
0 What makes a clitoris sensitive ?
3 who coined the term nn internet in his novel nn neuromancer?
4 what is the web address where i can find the electronic communication address of a member of the us house of representatives?
3 who was the second man to walk on the lunar month?
4 What capital is built around Monument Circle which contains soldiers and sailors monument ?
1 what indoor sport did phoenix inferno have for the phoenix pride in july 14, 1983, when the temperature hit 111 property?
0 what are the seven good?
0 What were the causes of the Civil War ?
5 how many multitude die of tuberculosis every year?
1 What was Simple Simon fishing for in his mother 's pail ?
3 who created private investigator philip marlowe?
3 name the bounty hunter with the scar side of the old west.
5 what case of year are the most frequent flights?
1 what do western indian alloy bands use as instruments?
4 which island abstraction contains jersey, guernsey, sark and herm?
1 what letter is right of k on a typewriter device?
5 When did they canonize the Bible ?
3 who is considered first lady of the american stage?
0 how did group react to the idea of the first millennium?
5 how many times a time period does the american gourd society publish the gourd?
3 who wrote sons and lovers?
0 What 's the difference between TFT and dual-scan display ?
5 how much did manchester united spend on musician in 1993?
0 how does the product blues screen work?
0 how does salt melt ice and coke?
4 Where did Dikembe Mutombo go to college ?
4 What gate opened on East and West Berlin ?
0 why do you get goose bumps when something emotional happens to them, like hearing a beautiful piece of music or seeing something beautiful or being aroused by causal agent they love?
3 who fired maria ybarra from her position on the san diego council?
0 how is salt mixture used in medicine?
4 where can i find message on research into oilseeds through genetics?
0 why do they call crystal cups crystal cups?
1 which color of the monopoly property are applied most frequently?
0 what characteristic of the african elephant are greater than those of the indian elephant?
1 the jewish rudiment is known as what?
0 what is the deviation between fatalism and determinism?
5 how many liter of water goes through niagra falls every second?
3 who is considered first lady of the american stage?
0 how do you find oxidation book?
3 who was in death of a salesman original movie, not 1985?
1 what kind of organism is babar?
1 what color is mr spock's liquid body substance?
3 which are the communicator?
1 what sign is the best love play for a prediction sign?
5 What is the exchange rate for Australian to American money ?
0 how do you tell your parents you're dating an older world?
0 How does Belle describe her life in Beauty and the Beast ?
3 what non -conformist abstract artist has been called jack the dripper from time to time?
3 who are the ten best rich people in the world?
3 what future president became the number meal of the senate under harry truman?
5 how much money can you pay if you have a andiron on the beach?
5 how much iron is in your natural object?
0 what do people do to prevent shuttlecock from dying?
3 who sells viagra?
4 where do the adventures of the swiss robinson syndicate take place?
0 what does hamburger like cut burger do?
3 what are the top -10 colleges in the united states in the discipline of technology?
3 What actor starred in 1980 's Blue Lagoon , 1982 's The Pirate Movie and 1983 's A Night in Heaven ?
4 what national boundarys boundary mozambique?
1 what three colors of ink are used to print a u s dollar legal document?
3 what british general officer has surrendered to the colonial army in saratoga?
3 which comedian was the perfect simpleton?
0 what is new in the position world 1999?
5 What are the statistics for drunken drivers in Maryland ?
3 what's the best college in the political unit?
1 what are the best ways to improve worker morale at low cost?
3 who's the fastest swimmer in the world?
3 who played the duty of godfather in the movie ``the godfather'?
3 what mark was his maestro's voice?
3 Who invented the process to make condensed milk ?
3 who wrote farmer's almanac?
3 who collects data in commercial enterprise?
5 When did the original Howdy Doody show go off the air ?
3 What 's the name of Pittsburgh 's baseball team ?
3 what doonesbury fictional character could turn into a werewolf?
3 what is the full name of the man who invented the colourful dice that has 42.3 quintillion potential collection?
3 which u.s. politics agency registers brands?
0 what are the factors leading to the high teenage physical condition rate in spartanburg, south carolina?
0 What revelation did Alexander Butterfield make to the Senate Watergate committee ?
5 how many stars are there in big dipper?
3 who's rocky's and bullwinkle's lost ally?
3 who was buffalo bill?
1 What product 's ads claim that it `` eliminates odors , kills household germs , mold , and mildew '' ?
0 How can you contact play producers and promoters on-line ?
4 which u.s. administrative district is lake sam rayburn?
4 which countries have the most cable car thefts?
0 how does zatanna do her supernaturalism in dc comics?
1 what was the name of the orca that died of a fungal contagion in sea world?
3 name the ranger world health organization was always after yogi bear.
3 who's the man behind the pig who pulls the section and speaks for miss piggy?
1 what category of animal was winnie the pooh?
1 what medium is hammlen the first tattle cowboy in?
0 what is the staff of life mentioned in the lord's entreaty?
4 what state in the gulf of mexico has its lowest point five feet below sea horizontal surface?
1 what broadway entertainment presented the song some enchanted evening?
1 what implement do you use to create?
2 what does the e stand for in mathematical statement e =mc2?
1 what is a fear of bankruptcy?
4 what kind of two country is washington d.c.?
5 how many rows of rite holes has a duty of 35 -millimeter film?
5 how big is a child bald eagle?
1 what does a farrier deterioration shoes?
0 what is the difference between a board of director and an advisory board?
4 which country claimed rubens, van dyck and bruegel as citizen?
3 what future ruminant hunter portrayed annie hall's neurotic brother duane?
3 who is the person of brunei?
5 What is the frequency of VHF ?
5 When did the Berlin Wall go up ?
3 Who portrayed the title character in the film The Day of the Jackal ?
1 name a newspaper from salt lake city.
5 how many megawatt will a consortium -led project of mission energy of us produce in indonesia?
3 who is the composer of ``canon in d major''?
3 What Louisiana Senator won a seat that had been held by his father and mother ?
1 what board plot does a ````````wood dealer''play badly?
0 what is hypersomnia?
3 who said, "soldiers win the battles and generals get the glory?"
4 which natural force attract most visitors to the united states?
3 who said, "soldiers win the military action and generals get the glory?"
3 which u.s. evil president once said, "if you've seen a slum, you've seen them all"?
0 What is Franz Kafka 's short story `` A Country Doctor '' trying to tell us ?
3 who were the leaders of the byzantine empire?
3 what's jimmy snyder's appellation again?
4 What city boasts the Billingsgate fishmarket ?
4 Where does Buzz Aldrin want to build a permanent , manned space station ?
4 which political unit has the highest per capita consumption of cheese?
1 what kind of creature is a fur?
0 how is compound solution used in medicine?
1 what do you call the fear of cockroach?
5 what season is the environment for shakespeare's midsummer night's dream?
1 what material are used in glowsticks?
3 Who used to make cars with rotary engines ?
3 who is the twin brother of the greek deity artemis?
0 What would happen to Canada if Quebec separated ?
4 which countries have the best math enrollee?
4 What European country is home to the beer-producing city of Budweis ?
1 what emblem does magenta consist of?
5 How tall is kilamanjaro ?
1 name the merchandise ``at your grocery store', at your fingertips.''
1 What Muhammad Ali maneuver was George Foreman the first victim of ?
4 What is the oldest website on the Internet ?
3 who sang the song "hooked on a feeling" in the dancing baby episode of ally mcbeal?
4 What country was Brian Boru an 11th-century king of ?
3 who killed gandhi?
0 Why does a woman have to be a virgin to be a nun ?
3 who said, "what despicable villain stole the bob from my lunch?"
1 A corgi is a kind of what ?
5 what is the american dollar equivalent for eight avoirdupois unit in the uk?
1 what's a concern of hell?
1 What was the Bridge of San Luis Rey made of ?
3 what kind of former cabinet member ronald reagan called federal policy towards the indians an example of the bankruptcy of socialism?
1 what film contained a pathetic fictional character named kid shelleen?
0 why do you get goose injury when something emotional happens to them, like hearing a beautiful piece of music or seeing something beautiful or being aroused by someone they love?
0 what is a aid?
4 where do i get data about the original 13.us colonies?
5 how long should the tv mission of star trek's enterprise be?
4 where can i find message about george bush?
3 Name the various costumed personas of Dr. Henry Pym .
5 in what year was the first patent for the pull tab opener obtained on container?
4 Where is Dartmouth College ?
1 when it's meter to relax, which beer is available?
1 what plot do steve mcqueen and edward g. robinson play in the cincinnati kid?
3 What actor and actress have made the most movies ?
2 What is BPH ?
5 how many insect bees rule in a hive?
5 what are force on a 455 -yard golf course?
1 what is the damage to the economy and government caused by government officials?
1 what are the names of the different toe?
1 which old kids''fare did tv guide communicator jeff greenfield call one of the most subversive tv shows in american history''?
3 What was the nickname of model Leslie Hornby ?
1 what's the name of the tiger world health organization throws corn flakes for frost flakes?
4 what was the first country that brought a second charwoman into space?
1 what's the name of the tampa newspaper?
5 What is the chance of conceiving quadruplets ?
3 what is the best art and creating by mental acts school in the world?
0 what is a car gossip?
0 what didn't you let a tennis testis do when you played volleytestis?
1 what's a fear of matter?
3 Who invented the horoscope ?
3 who said, "what despicable villain stole the bark from my lunch?"
1 What song put James Taylor in the limelight ?
5 how many metric capacity unit of whole milk does it take to make a pound of butter?
1 what wit was originally represented by the peasant class?
0 what was the filling of the first outdoor game balls?
1 What did Jack exchange with the butcher for a handful of beans ?
1 what color are the flower of a cherry tree?
3 who was the last u.s. president to resume the selective service registration?
5 how many people die of diapsid bite poisoning in the united states a year?
3 what stupid but lovable character did maurice gosfield dramatic composition on phil silver's show?
3 who was the prophet of the muslim people?
5 how long do you have to live in a residential district to vote?
4 which state has banned the russians from one fifth of its territory?
3 what was the language unit of the director of the movie "jaws"?
1 what do you call a publication of quotes?
3 which player sits on average three time during a double head baseball?
3 what was the title of schewardnadze during the soviet time period?
0 Why do magnets attract ?
5 when did french radical storm the bastille?
3 Who invented the lawnmower ?
3 what famous world and woworld team has made radio ads for blue nun wine?
4 which is the fifth largest country in the worldly concern?
0 What is the origin of the surname of Braun ?
5 how long was mao's march in the thirties?
0 how does the food material affect your taste?
3 name the fast food chain with the golden curve.
4 what's the language unit of the highest mountain in the world?
4 which city has the longest railway system in the world?
5 how many contractile organ does the average adult use to walk?
1 What drug did Sigmund Freud become fascinated with while experimenting with the treatment of neurasthenia ?
0 how can i find someone's email code on the internet?
0 how do storm form?
0 What is making love ?
1 what is a ball that hits the foul rod called?
1 What famed gangland slaughter cut into the membership of Bugs Moran 's outfit ?
3 who founded the first mechanics lab in 1912?
3 who built the first heavier-than-air craft that could fly?
5 in what class did germany sign its pact against the soviet union?
5 how many group were captain america?
5 how high does a batch have to be to be called a batch?
3 Who was the accused in The Trial of the Century , which opened Janurary 1 , 1935 ?
0 what caused harry houdini's end?
4 what is the country of origin for the language unit thomas?
1 what was the first visual communication ever?
3 Who was President of Afghanistan in 1994 ?
3 who was gerald ford with the vice corporate executive?
5 what are the average costs for four time of life of medical school?
3 who has more dna? a man or a woman?
3 United Nations agency was the actor United Nations agency played sam in the movie casablanca?
3 which female person in the clue game is single?
1 what merchandise use a tiger as a symbol?
0 What is porphyria ?
5 What is the population of Ohio ?
0 what is an arab loop?
1 what's a fear of leech?
1 What film had Bette Davis creating a scandal by wearing a daring red gown to a society ball ?
1 what's the publication by william styron about a black preacher leading a slave uprising?
5 in what time period did the bounty mutiny happen?
4 which islands have their name from the spanish baja mar, meaning shallow water system?
3 who would you use the secret operation on?
1 what's the name of a record by aaron hass?
1 what cost the first prize in the omni press contest to find the "ultimate unanswered question"?
1 what does a sexual force between a man and a woman mean?
4 What is the country of origin for the name Thomas ?
4 where can i find chemical importers on the internet?
5 What is the telephone number for the University of Kentucky ?
3 who wrote the book "song of solomon"?
5 how many artifact does a male have?
3 who played al jolson in the jolson fib?
5 how much does a new line vehicle cost?
4 where did the struggle of the bulge take place?
5 how much is the flatulence taxed in california until the 2000's?
0 how can i find online orthography and scoring exercises for my sixth grader?
0 how does the speed at which the magnet spins in a apparatus affect the power of the apparatus?
4 what state used the plane as a weapon of war against the turks in libya?
3 who invented the language unit "el nino"?
1 in what spiciness do the dutch dip their fries?
0 how can i get someone's phone number if i only have their screen language unit?
1 from which material was the end of the xvi. ==references ====external links ==
1 What colors is magenta made of ?
1 what color are the wall of the kremlin?
3 who is the external body part of the world bank?
5 how many calories are there in a field glass of water?
1 which leg does a cat move with its left front leg when walking, its left grouper leg or its right grouper leg?
5 how much coke is drunk in one sidereal day?
0 What is the C programming language ?
3 which cigarette ship's company urged us ``come where the taste is?''
4 kosovo is a state of what country?
5 how long did the charles manson murder attempt take?
3 which american naval policeman broke japan's isolation policy in 1853?
3 What are the first names of the famous husband-and-wife acting team of Lunt and Fontanne ?
1 in what war was the first submersible used?
5 How long after intercourse does it take to find out if you are pregnant ?
4 which country has the most dam?
3 what are the top boy name in the united states?
4 what country does charles robb represent?
1 what disease is the second -largest killer whale in north america?
5 what are the average hours per time period spent by aol users online?
4 on what landmass is mozambique?
0 how is an killer determined?
1 who were john f. kennedy and the andiron?
1 what are wolf substance abuse?
0 what is the function of a community water system tower?
0 what is a copy of class?
0 how do you destroy hymenopterous insect that are in the walls of your house? will hymenopterous insect stay for the winter?
5 what is the price of infectious disease medication?
0 what is the message of spartacus, the roman slave and gladiator?
5 how many flavors of ice rink cream do howard johnson's have?
1 what do western indian steel social group use as instruments?
0 what is the deviation between pop music and rock and roll?
1 What is Bella Abzug 's sartorial trademark ?
3 which painter produced primitive of rural new england life?
5 What is the price for tuberculosis drugs ?
1 which side should a bowler hit the 3 -pin left or right with a horizon to a 37803 split?
0 what is the meaning of the language unit ella?
1 what television plan has described the lives of katy holstrum and congressman glen morley?
3 what two -legged "professor" has a phd in nothingness?
5 how many logarithmic scales are there on a slide principle?
3 What World War II leader declared : `` The blow has been struck '' ?
3 name the designer of the brake shoe that has produced millions of imitations of plastic, known as ``jelly'.
3 Who invented basketball ?
3 which british pop star of the 1960s and early 1970s was a child actress in the 1940s and fifty?
0 what's the quality between love and love?
1 what category of soda has the most caffeine?
3 What kind of women gave Sigmund Freud erotic dreams ?
0 what are these little blue device in the middle of the street for?
4 which two european country have entered the war of american independence against the british?
4 The Orange Bowl is located in what city ?
4 Where are all European and American eels born ?
1 what's the fastest fish in the worldly concern?
0 what is the purpose of a cable car bra?
3 What was the man 's name who was killed in a duel with Aaron Burr ?
1 what cost the first loot in the omni magazine contest to find the "ultimate unanswered question"?
5 what are the reimbursement of medicines used in tuberculosis treatments?
1 what's a emotion of points?
0 how do fuel appliance work?
3 What are the top 10 colleges in the United States in the field of engineering ?
3 which of the following rock and roll star topology has a star on hollywood boulevard?
1 which firearm of jewelry is depicted in the luxury tax room of monopoly?
0 how to convert foot pounds to foot social control?
1 what is the term for a bet before card are dealt?
0 why did the world enter a global depressive disorder in the 1929s?
0 why are haunted sign of the zodiac popular?
3 what's the first name of the viking aristocrat?
0 how did super president gain his powers in being?
5 what are the average costs for four year of medical school?
5 how many meters in a linear unit?
4 Where is the Henry Ford Museum ?
1 what is scotch for people who know the quality?
0 how did the swimsuit get its language unit?
5 how long does it take for luminosity to reach earth from the sun?
0 what do japanese school clothing look like?
1 what's the language unit of the lens behind the iris in the eye?
0 What 's the meaning of the Latin battle cry : Ad arma , ad arma .
1 what category of car did janis joplin ask the gentleman to buy her?
4 where did the mutant of roping come from?
4 What is the name of the largest city in Chile , South America ?
0 What is the history of `` the toast '' ?
0 what's different about the red and black dodger?
3 which of the following rock and roll star topologys has a star topology on hollywood boulevard?
1 what makes an person?
3 What was the name of the 187s Irish terrorist group in Pennsylvania mining areas ?
3 what famous actress has her first appearance on stproperty at the property of five in the 191 year as a "baby"?
0 what is the definition of the term "weapon system"?
1 name li'l abner's favorite swallow from india.
4 where can i find the past of the taiwanese language?
4 which country have the most car thefts?
3 which roll of tobacco company urged us ``come where the taste is?''
3 who was the bandleader, mentor of ella fitzgerald, with whom she nucleotidesed the "a -matty nucleotide tisket", a -task?
0 How does James Bond like his martinis ?
1 what hair concern product told us, "hate the gray, wash it away."
1 in what military action were there battles at papagei's beak and black virgin?
1 name a fiction by john steinbeck.
5 what year was the environment for american graffiti?
1 what are some peak for building a fire in the fireplace?
3 what college contact sport team made knute rockne a power?
4 which asian country has a bill for bovine?
0 How did former WWF wrestler Rick Rude die ?
3 who fired maria ybarra from her point on the san diego council?
5 in what year did joe dimaggio compile his 56 -game ordering?
3 which tv performer worked with white fang, black tooth and pookie the lion?
1 what product's ads claim that it ``eliminates odors, kills germs, mold', and foodstuff?
3 who is nicolo paganini?
4 which state is kosovo?
5 how much snow is a centimeter of precipitation?
5 when did people start writing past seriously?
0 how would i find the prize for various variety meat donated?
5 When is a woman most fertile ?
4 Where is the actress , Marion Davies , buried ?
3 what former daughter of the president of the united states wrote a book called murder in the white house?
1 what british television receiver series inspired all in the family?
3 what cruise formation does kathie lee gifford recruit for?
1 what formation divided the north and south in the u.s. civil war?
0 why is a crack turning around?
4 Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?
4 where in america is it only 47 nautical mile from the atlantic to the pacific?
5 how much does the battle against tuberculosis cost?
4 which political unit has the port of haifa?
5 how many people have the united nations committed itself to supporting the restitution of order and the distribution of humanitarian aid in somalia in september 1992?
1 what part in the periodic table is a gas or solid but never a liquid?
3 which president went on the jogging lead to improve his sporting image and, sports number 39, almost collapsed during the race?
4 what famous london criminal court was once a feudal palace?
1 What money was used here ?
4 what new england country covers 5.9 square kilometers?
1 which organism migrates the farthest?
5 in what century did the love story of art begin?
0 What was the Chivington Massacre ?
4 where can i find examples of legal cases concerning the jurisprudence on disability education?
4 where does barney rubble go to work after dropping fred off in the "flintstones" cartoon serial?
5 how many taxonomic group of white shark are there?
4 What 's the tallest building in New York City ?
5 How long does the average domesticated ferret live ?
5 what is the ratio of children of two to eleven hour of "the simpsons"?
1 What golfing accessory was patented by George Grant on December 12
1 what was john f. kennedy's 1960s campaign sung?
0 how do you make a million monetary unit?
3 who became the nickname "the little corporal"?
4 what is the largest u.s. country east of the mississippi?
1 what instrumentality is stuart hammlen the first singing cowboy in?
3 Which college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball at ?
1 what was another language unit for east germany?
1 which legal document is ray charles best known for playing?
3 what chocolate ship's company gives you a kiss?
1 what card plot does the wheel of fortune, the lovers and death contain?
1 what makes blue lacquer chromatic color?
1 which game are bullets?
1 what animal was called "the cow of the poor adult"?
1 what ritual accompany the circumcision of a newborn child in judaism?
0 What happens to used motor oil ?
3 who drove through florida looking for the fountain of juvenile?
3 who sued dannon yougurt for using a fictional character named ron raider for promotion?
1 what brand of white rummy is still produced in cuba?
1 In Beetle Bailey , can you name Sarge 's dog ?
1 what episode of the 1933's did the german nazis use to justify crisis decrees, lock up opponents and gain more power in themselves?
5 how much folic acid should a pregnant woman get every sidereal day?
1 What are all the different types of pizza ?
5 when did fraze get his first patent for the pull -tab buttocks?
1 What do opposite faces of a die always add up to ?
5 how many vertebrate foot are there in a fathom?
0 what is the definition of the condition "weapons system"?
5 what is the average life expectation of a man in ireland in 1996?
4 what kind of people are the best tv viewers?
3 What TV family sometimes buys eclairs from Nelson 's Bakery ?
3 what business commodity sparkling wine?
1 what 1950s product won seven oscars, including the best picture?
1 what's a concern of parasites?
0 what does the word glory hole mean?
5 how much does it cost to produce and send junk mail catalogues on average or whatever is available in the usa? dt cd nn nn
0 why do they call ice rink cups ice rink cups?
3 what son of a 15 -year -old mexican woman and a half -irish father became the most famous greek in the world?
3 which actor was the first man to appear on mccall's binding?
3 what kind of cigar -chewer noticed that you're only as old as the adult you feel?
5 Where does the U.S. rank among world countries in area ?
3 who was considered the founder of psychology?
0 how is house of cards film produced?
0 What does Lloyd 's Lutine Bell announce ?
0 what are the firefighters of a ball game team?
5 How many pins are used in skittles ?
3 which companies or agencies would carry out an state audit?
0 What is a mathematical factor ?
0 what do arthropod do through their spirals?
4 what is the us federal government website for standard industrial classification written communication, sic?
1 what's the name of the canadian public tv children's show with the singing pineapple?
0 what are the speech to the song that sings "banana in pajamas"?
4 what political unit are godiva chocolates from?
0 what qualities contribute to his "news"?
1 what category of soft drink held a national taste coil in 1967?
1 what was the name of the machine in 2001: a space odyssey?
4 which countries have the largest forces in the natural object?
5 What is the population in India ?
3 What wrestling star became `` The Incredible Hulk '' ?
3 which performer was born to allen stewart konigsberg?
3 who created the monster in mary shelley's fiction frankenstein?
4 what are the two longest stream in britain?
4 which country has the most barrier?
5 how many megawatts will a association -led project of mission energy of us produce in indonesia?
1 What J.R.R. Tolkien book features Gimli as a central character ?
1 what spider makes an excellent pet, even said to recognize its artist?
0 Why was the L.A. office of Shea and Gould closed ?
1 in which sport are these act relevant: 118, 126, 134, 142, 15, 158, 167, 177 and 19?
1 What 's the term for an organism that lives on or in another ?
3 world health organization is the famous movie star world health organization also served as provo canyon's channel commissioner, utah?
3 who played humpty dumpty in the 1933 movie alice in wonderland?
3 who portrays the rich criminologist carl hyatt on checkmate?
3 Who was the lawyer who represented Randy Steven Craft ?
4 where can i find information about forced auctions on the internet?
5 How many miles of veins are in the circulatory system ?
4 what is the oldest website on the internet?
1 what's the best way to lose the flab under your chin and your side?
1 what does a sexual drawing card between a man and a woman mean?
1 what is the largest us agricultural crop by system of weights?
1 who was the first organism in space?
1 what soft drink not only has its own visual communication game, but has also been introduced in its own marvel comic?
4 What is the capital of Congo ?
0 what is a metric linear unit?
3 what precinct made the biggest hard drug bust in ventura county?
0 what is the origin of the language unit scarlett?
1 what's the common name for a japanese gnome tree?
4 where's the bulls' court game team?
0 Why do horseshoes bring luck ?
5 what telephone number can i call to plant a tree?
5 how many chemical weather are there?
3 who's the actress bette davis who once said she wished she looked like that?
3 which apostle is taylor caldwell's great big cat of god?
1 what grand slam outdoor game tournament was not held between 1940 and 1945?
5 when did the royal wedding of prince andrew and fergie take home?
4 which municipality is being terrorized by dracula in the night stalker?
0 how do wasps make natural object?
1 What type of currency is used in China ?
1 what category of science is cosmology?
1 what will a child eat in the center, and store the chocolate on the outside for the last time?
5 How many people was Randy Craft convicted of killing ?
3 call the poet of the poem that begins: i don't know much about spiritual beings; but i think the river is a strong brown spiritual being -sullen, and unblemished?
0 what's the only roll of tobacco without leftovers?
1 in what mutant can a free -legged pacemaker compete?
4 which u.s. administrative district lived under six flags?
5 how much stronger is the new glass -shaped carbon fabric invented by the tokyo institute of technology compared to the cellulose fabric?
5 how long before your natural object recovers blood after you have donated your blood?
1 what tv entertainment did neal, a martini drinker in st. bernard's?
3 The lawyer who represented Randy Craft , what was his name ?
0 what is the difference between optical and digital visual communication?
3 who founded the modern theory of probability?
1 What baseball outcome required nine balls in 1879 , eight balls in 1880 and seven balls in 1881 ?
4 what are some good medical page for information?
4 Where can I get a photograph of professor Randolph Quirk ?
1 what are other ways, stretching strips other than pregnancy, weight personnel casualty and weight personnel casualty?
4 what is the internet code of the list of email codees of members of the house of representatives?
3 What golfer has been called Ohio Fats and Blobbo ?
1 what was the name of the mayan ball plot?
1 what came first, after genesis 1: 2: 22 - the wimp or the egg?
3 What kind of business is 7-Eleven ?
4 which country is the largest producer of metallic element?
0 what is the origin of the saying ```a stitch in time saves nine''?
0 What is Margaret Thatcher known for ?
3 what government did the untouchable work for?
4 Where do the Grimace and Mayor McCheese live ?
5 on what day did the iraqis launch their operation on kuwait?
5 what are the unemployment applied mathematics for the 1965s and 1990s?
4 which political unit is last on an alphabetical list?
5 how old is the italian creator maurizio pellegrin?
3 what did the american poet write:'good fence make good neighbours''?
1 what is another term for painful gliding joint syndrome?
3 what camera company said ```if you don't have the case, do we have the camera?''
1 What does a chiropodist treat ?
3 What member of The Little Rascals has an on-again , off-again sweetheart in Darla Hood ?
3 who played the original charlie's angels?
1 what episode of the 1933's did the german nazis use to justify emergency decrees, lock up opponents and gain more might in themselves?
5 what is the percentage of children two to eleven years old world health organization watch the simpsons?
1 what kind of imaginary being is the imaginary being in the movie "jaws"?
0 how's noise?
3 what catch -22 character is elected mayor of half a dozen italian municipality?
3 what chilean corporate executive was killed in a 1973 coup?
1 what does the technology called cold coalition produce?
3 what are the ten best girls' defamation in the united states?
1 What do you call a date that contains sequencing numbers , like 9-8-98 ?
0 How did Socrates die ?
3 who was the first charwoman to walk the mile in less than 4 36893 minutes?
4 where can i find a dance band or a book to help me speak, write and understand japanese?
1 in what movie was steven spielberg with hundestar the dog the main fictional character?
0 how can i call a ally in another country if i don't know the phone number?
3 Name a female figure skater .
5 on what day did the iraqis launch their fire on kuwait?
5 When was the NFL established ?
4 where does barney rubble go to work after dropping fred off in the "flintstones" cartoon series?
3 Who wrote Sons and Lovers ?
1 what is nebraska's most valuable assets?
0 how does ultraviolet light damage the dna of body covering cells?
1 what is a testis that hits the foul pole called?
3 who won two gold medals at the olympics in calgary?
1 what kind of monster is the monster in the product "jaws"?
0 how do you write mla style bibliography for an internet source?
1 what do people start with zoonosis?
3 what was the name of the 187th irish terror group in the pennsylvania mining commercial enterprise?
1 Which came first , according to Genesis 1 : 2 : 22 - the chicken or the egg ?
5 What is the average date when most malls begin putting up Christmas holiday decorations ?
1 What was originally defined as one 1-millionth of the distance from the equator to the Pole ?
5 how much is the president of the united states paid?
4 what is the leading pecan and pod cultivation?
3 who is the president of the spanish government?
1 what four flavors can a causal agent distinguish?
4 what body of water did the romans call stute nostrum?
1 what is the most popular form of gambling with charwoman in las vegas?
3 which of the pursuit did not receive a 1983 ``superior mother award''from the national mother's day committee?
0 Describe the Finnish music personality Salonen 's appearance .
4 which north american municipality grows the most parking clocks?
5 what is the duration width of a condor?
0 what was the call to fame of explorer i, launched february 1, 1958?
3 which writer of the 19th hundred. had a farm on the hudson called sunnyside?
5 how many time period a day should you use a recipe with ``````````````q.d.''no.
3 in the movie groundshog day, what's the name of andie macdowell's imaginary being?
1 what are the best ways to improve employee morale at low outgo?
0 how did the months of the class come to be named?
5 when was the military action of hastings?
4 What are the 10 largest cities in the US ?
5 CNN began broadcasting in what year ?
4 where does ray bradbury's chronicles take home?
1 what bite food has ribs?
4 What state in the U.S. has the most blacks ?
0 what's the message of buffalo chicken wings?
1 what part of her clothing was "truncheon hooks" for old west cowboys?
3 what kind of doctor of the church is synonymous with shoes and foot care?
1 what was the name of the tv show with karl madsen called san francisco?
3 what is the most common name of son or girls?
1 which circuit board shows the areas irkutsk, yakutsk and kamchatka?
3 what good little occultist is casper's girlfriend?
4 which country is partially bounded by the indian ocean and corals and tasman body of water?
3 what story did the contact sport coach tell in the movie run to daylight?
5 what is the maximum number of clubs a golfer can use in one ammunition?
3 who played the title role in i what a teenage werwolf?
1 what is the most delicate associate of the onion family?
5 how old is the averhistoric period historic period of a horse?
0 what is usenet for the internet?
3 who is the famous movie celestial body who also served as provo canyon's channel commissioner, utah?
4 What Georgia town did Scarlett O 'Hara condemn as being full of pushy people ?
5 when was the first line completed from the east coast to the west coast?
5 when did fraze get his first patent for the pull -tab can?
3 name the fast food series with the golden arches.
0 how do you determine the heating requirements for your residence?
3 which ship's company or agencies would carry out an employment audit?
0 why did several san diego schools stop serving apples to enrollee?
3 Who is Samuel Pickering ?
3 who died with over a thousand u s patents on his account?
3 Who was the first woman to run the mile in less than 4 36893 minutes ?
1 what is the international radio language unit for the letter f?
0 what is a "knot" in computer status?
1 what plot is fatal for someone over 21?
1 what color, s, appears on the container of kodak film?
3 who wrote the song "silent night"?
4 what was the only political unit you were allowed to go to israel from 1979?
0 what is the change of location of nuclear weapons?
1 what kind of document did ermal fraze receive in 1963?
3 which company manufactured rotary machine?
1 what do you call a abstraction of geese?
1 what product is for juvenile and not for stupid rabbits?
5 how long was the longest sneeze operation?
1 which plane has fawaz younis been convicted of capture?
3 Name one of the major gods of Hinduism .
5 How many films did Ingmar Bergman make ?
0 how do i get access to a spy web site?
3 What boxer 's life story is titled Raging Bull ?
5 in what year was the first patent for the pull yellow journalism opener obtained on cans?
0 what's a navigational instrument doing in space?
4 where on the internet can i find a sung database similar to the international lyrics server?
3 what long -time game thinker died jogging in central park in 1984?
1 what the longer sperm produces: an elephant or a rodent?
1 what organism poses the greatest threat to humans?
3 name the first private citizen to fly into attribute.
3 what was the heading of schewardnadze during the soviet era?
5 what's the number on a board at twelve o'clock?
4 which state do the galapagos islands belong to?
3 what japanese electronics company was named after a coastal township northeast of tokyo?
3 what ship's company does madonna recruit for?
4 which country has most car per mile of road?
5 how many warmup pitches does a equivalent get in a baseball game?
5 when was the right of adult to vote ratified?
3 Who was International Olympic Committee chairman at the 1936 Summer Games ?
5 How many tenths of the Earth 's surface lie under water ?
3 what president served five years, six months and two day?
0 how's the weather on the lunar month?
5 what was the minimum regular payment in 1991?
1 what press gives us the cream, not the savings?
1 which communication has the most words?
3 what is the performer's autobiography called all my yesterdays?
1 what is the only employment by michelangelo that bears his signature?
0 What is the cultural origin of the ceremony of potlatch ?
3 What was the name of the daughter of the Virginia chief Powhatan that married John Rolfe ?
5 how many frames does a disk photographic equipment make?
4 Where did the name Daniel originate ?
3 What future deer hunter portrayed Annie Hall 's neurotic brother , Duane ?
3 who invented the name "el nino"?
3 What is a person called that likes fire ?
1 what's a even-toed ungulate breast made of?
4 which region is chicago?
5 how many centimeter over six meters is milo's venus?
4 what sea margin mauritania?
4 What bay sparkles next to Miami , Florida ?
3 who was the columbia pictures head who forged the name of the actor cliff robertson on a $1.000 confirmation?
0 what is the origin of the word pure mathematics?
5 what are the unemployment statistics for the 1965s and nineties?
0 what did mighty mouse always sing when he went into act?
5 In what year did the Bounty mutiny happen ?
3 what radio post did paul harvey work for?
0 how can i find someone's phone act if i only know their email address?
4 what habitat does the scorpio live in?
0 Why is Microsoft 's Windows 3 such a successful computer program ?
1 what is a language unit whose letters can be rearranged to form another language unit?
0 What is real time processing ?
3 which tennis musician has the nickname "nasty"?
1 what is the condition for the side of the mountain facing the prevailing winds?
3 Who was chief engineer of the Starship Enterprise ?
3 what japanese electronics ship's company was named after a coastal town northeast of tokyo?
3 who's the sexy star?
3 who holds the career record for most major league home run?
5 What time does Wee Willie Winkie run through the town ?
3 what comedian has a legendary reputation for stealing wit?
4 What islands got their name from the Spanish baja mar , meaning shallow water ?
0 what do you have to do to marry person in prison?
0 What is Sinn Fein ?
1 what is the name of the "female pendant" to el nino, which leads to cold fundamental quantity and very dry weather?
1 What are the most common elements in the Earth 's crust ?
0 what is the origin of the term ``buffalo wings'', which is used as a menu item in bars throughout the nation for poultry in a spicy sauce?
3 what was the name of the 6.500 german air force that used the spanish civil war as a education exercise?
1 what's the trademark of a washington redskin device?
3 which british pop star of the 1960s and early 1970s was a child actress in the 1940s and large integer?
0 what does secession mean?
3 who is the founder of scientology?
0 What is a storm surge ?
4 what body of water separates naples and algiers?
0 what is the story of spartacus, the roman person and gladiator?
4 what body of water in scotland is supposed to hold one or more monsters?
4 Where on the Internet can I get information about the Fifth Amendment on the American Bill of Rights ?
1 name the operating system running on ibm compatible device.
5 how many chairs are there in vincent's van gogh's 188 employment the artist's room in arles?
5 what is the chromosome number of an elephant?
5 how many people have the united nations committed itself to supporting the restoration of order and the distribution of humanitarian care in somalia in september 1992?
3 which lawyer has won the biggest separation settlement in the history of sheika dena al -farri?
0 why did some san diego school stop serving apples?
0 what is the origin of the language unit ozymandias?
1 What tennis term is said to come from the French word for egg ?
5 How loud is thunder ?
3 who was the first american writer to win the nobel prize for literature in 1948?
1 madonna hocks, what soft helping?
5 what proportion of american men are alcoholics?
3 what's the language unit of the woman who was with john belushi when he died?
1 What element , from the Periodic Table , is a gas or a solid , but never a liquid ?
1 what's a emotion of worms?
5 how many group died on d -day?
1 What is the chemical composition of a Barbie ?
5 when did the average teenager first have intercommunication?
1 what do bicornate animal have two of?
3 who wrote much ado about nothing?
4 What two Caribbean countries share the island of Hispaniola ?
4 Where is Logan Airport ?
3 who makes the simpsons' voices?
1 Which breakfast cereal brought you `` the best each morning '' ?
0 How is an executioner determined ?
3 which stereo manufacturer is a little faster than its case?
5 how far can a world travel in space?
3 what did the seven small person do for a living?
0 in waugh "a handful of dust", what does the crazy old adult make the heroes do every afternoon?
5 What is the frequency of VHF ?
0 why do you call a sandwich a sandwich when there's no ham?
4 what's the appellation of pennsylvania?
3 who shared a new york city apartment with roger maris when he reached the 61st home run?
0 what is the main activity of sodium hydrosulphite?
3 which ship's company sells most greeting cards?
4 where can i find up -to -date data on surface temperature on the coast, preferably along north america and the caribbean?
0 what is the sung "stairway to heaven" by led zeppelin?
5 what are the dimensions of an ice ice hockey goal?
4 What South American capital is the world 's highest ?
1 what message did joseph priestley name for his ability to erase pencil marks?
3 who is the film director and editor of the movie big with tom hanks?
3 Who was Thucydides ?
3 name a female crystal skater.
0 what is the difference and asset of choosing a super vhs vcr compared to a normal vhs model?
3 which u.s. air force general officer led the first bomb attack on tokyo?
3 what famous men and charwoman team has made radio ads for blue nun wine?
0 What does Robert mean ?
5 how many zip code are there in the us?
4 what's the language unit of the planet the ewoks live on?
0 What are the benefits of a rowing machine ?
5 how many months does the moon take to turn around the earth?
5 how many opinion does a bat have?
3 who said, "give me exemption or give me death?"
1 what can i use to remove the stubborn rubber description from some disks?
1 what is the second favorite diversion in the world?
1 what field sport does the dentist william beers have a standard book of principle for?
3 Who wrote ` The Pines of Rome ' ?
0 How is Answers.com funded ?
0 What does the word `` opera '' mean ?
1 What was the sister ship of the Olympic ?
3 what company claimed to be the largest toy mercantile establishment in the world?
5 How many languages are there in the world ?
4 which true laurel sparkles next to miami, florida?
5 How many days does a typical mayfly live ?
0 what effect does lsd have on the genius?
5 what time period did charles dicken die?
0 what characteristics of the african pachyderm are greater than those of the indian pachyderm?
3 who was the star of leave it to beaver?
1 What color is the lipstick on Boy George 's wax lips at London 's Madame Tussaud 's ?
1 What is the belt of low pressure around the equator called ?
1 what color was crayola's 100 -billionth calcite?
0 how do you make a capsule?
5 how much alkaloid is in a 16 -ounce cup of coffee?
4 which desert has the highest soil dunes?
1 what tv post did mary richards work for?
3 what famous movie and tv cowboy borrowed his name from a fast food chain?
3 Who created Harry Lime ?
4 What is the snowiest city in the U.S. ?
3 what professional sports league triggered the college undertaking?
4 which state has most cars per mile of road?
1 what children's story contains the line ````come, cinderella, and keep this spear of fabric for me'''?
0 how do i make substance stones out of recycled paper?
3 What actor came to dinner in Guess Who 's Coming to Dinner ?
0 what's the deviation between j.d. and ll.m.?
3 world health organization is the only prime minister of canada world health organization has served for 22 -years but not necessarily consecutively?
5 What is the starting salary for beginning lawyers ?
3 Name the creator of `` The Muppets '' .
1 what product's ad claim that it ``eliminates odors, kills germs, mold', and flour?
0 How do I increase my biceps ' size ?
3 what video plot hero do some of his fans call chomper?
5 how much did a mcdonald's sandwich cost in 1963?
3 who was the first black artist to have his own tv show?
1 what rituals accompany the circumcision of a newborn juvenile in judaism?
3 which british pop celestial body of the 1960s and early 1970s was a child actress in the 1940s and 50s?
5 How much did Lucy Van Pelt originally charge for psychiatric sessions ?
0 how do i get free technical information about electric conveyance?
1 what's a emotion of hell?
1 what category of currency is used in china?
3 who was the key witness at the watergate senate listening?
3 what researcher was iberia's aviator?
1 What Jules Verne novel features scientists held captive in the submarine Nautilus ?
5 how to measure the fundamental quantity when baking peachy oat muffins?
3 which u.s. general officer died in december 1st, 1945 when his jeep collided with a truck?
4 which country earn the most from tourism?
3 name the bounty skilled worker with the scar face of the old west.
0 What is the difference between fatalism and determinism ?
3 who was the first u.s. president?
5 how many land form antigua?
0 what is the medical circumstance of hypertension?
0 What are the Baltic States ?
3 who moderated the first kennedy nixon tv discussion?
3 which president went on the jogging trail to improve his sporting effigy and, sports number 39, almost collapsed during the race?
3 which heir of the department store is responsible for installing a 3 -ton safe in presence of the andrea doria underwater wreck?
1 In which Tennessee Williams play is one of the characters killed and devoured by a mob of starving children ?
0 how can i stop inheritance noise in a stereo system?
5 what is the recommended weight of a 15 -year -old animal, the 5 -6?
3 which asian person was known as little brown saint?
4 Where can I find information on George Bush ?
3 who is the president of pergament?
1 what is a ball that hits the foul terminal called?
4 what was the only state in the western hemisphere that contributed to the russian -led boycott of the 1984 summer olympics?
3 who was foreign minister during the nixon administration?
0 why are there letters on the electronic equipment? why is there no q or z?
3 which russian musician's prelude in c sharp minor brought him fame and fortune?
3 who makes poultry finger -licking good?
1 what 1953 movie did frank sinatra win as the best supporting performer?
1 what are dinosaur palace?
3 who's langston hughes?
0 what do pointy culture mean to a handwriting analyst?
1 what's a fear of vertebrate?
3 who invented the stock businessperson in 1870's?
1 What is a language spoken by the Sioux ?
0 what is the cultural origin of the potlatch affair?
5 how much does clara peller pay wendy's to say, "where's the cattle?"
0 For what reason did the Shea & Gould law firm close their L.A. office ?
3 What two baseball players make up the battery ?
4 What is the oldest website on the Internet ?
3 Who is the `` Queen Mother '' ?
1 what disease is the second -largest person in north america?
1 what song did patti page let people dance to in the decade?
4 what is the web address where i can find the email address of a penis of the us house of representatives?
3 what was the role of the medieval association?
5 When was the Berlin Wall erected ?
5 How old is the universe ?
1 what are the three flag on the french flag?
1 what kind of structure is the golden gate structure?
3 What stereo manufacturer is `` Slightly ahead of its time '' ?
4 where does chemical process take place in a tree?
1 what do you call a group of fathead?
1 what is a concern of movement?
5 how many james bond novel are there?
4 where's that disgusting figure supposed to be?
1 which level of the atmosphere contains the largest part of the ozone level?
3 who was shot in the back during a poker game in deadwood, dakota district?
1 in hemingway "old world and the sea" what kind of fish does the old world catch?
5 what is a perfect score in a gymnastics effort?
5 How many people in Tucson ?
1 what kind of mutant team are the buffalo sabres?
0 How is the word ` qigong ' pronounced ?
5 How fast is a 45Mhz processor ?
5 what's columbia tristar's electronic equipment number?
4 which northernmost city in the political unit is darwin?
0 what does the hypothesis of quantum leaps mean in simpler terms?
0 how do you match a name to a social security system number?
1 what are some of australia's native collection?
4 what is the language unit of the sea cruise at the southern tip of south america?
3 in the 1920s, who maintained the strength of the pilots?
4 Where can I find the schematics to the windshield wiper mechanism ?
5 how many year ago did the ship titanic sink?
1 what began in the 1849s when precious metal was discovered in sutter's mill?
1 what do you call one part of the digit from one joint to the other?
5 What was Joe Namath 's first contract worth ?
5 how long before your rake makes a complete journey through the body?
4 what french seaport claims to be the house of alcohol?
1 what 1927 silent film received an international recapitulation in 1981?
0 what is the spectrum of a sine line?
5 how many american enlisted person are there in south korea?
0 what does the zoological word "ruminant" mean?
4 Where can I find a person 's address from a telephone number ?
3 Who is the voice of Miss Piggy ?
0 how do you send a product transcript to hollywood so it can be produced in a movie?
5 How many years of bad luck follow breaking a mirror ?
5 how many astronaut have been on the moon?
4 where does the strange human body of the fish knife come from for dinner?
4 which country has the highest per capita consumption of tall mallow?
5 How many people died because of a smoking problem in 1997 ?
1 what apparel are token in monopoly?
0 what do christian person believe in?
1 what is the treatment of psychological state?
4 which u.s. administrative district ends with a g?
3 what are the four line in monopoly?
0 What is a pig in a poke ?
3 what the california governor said, "inaction can be the highest form of action"?
5 how many athletes have puerto rico included in the 1984 winter activity?
1 What was lost and regained by poet John Milton ?
3 what mark was his artist's voice?
4 in what state was the first colorado -education school founded?
1 What TV show chronicled the lives of Katy Holstrum and Congressman Glen Morley ?
3 What attorneys work for The Center for the Defense of Free Enterprise ?
1 which ear can most group hear better?
0 how do you get gum out of the floor cover?
4 which london street is the home of british print media?
0 Why can 't you taste anything when you have a cold ?
4 Where can I find information about Bob Barr , representative from Georgia ?
3 What bread company used to feature stickers of the Cisco Kid on the ends of their packages ?
4 what is the largest museum in the worldly concern?
1 what are the seven wonders of the natural object?
4 what desert is the plot of god called?
0 what is polygenic disorder?
1 What format was VHS 's main competition ?
5 what is the youngest age that a boy or woman can have an orgasm?
0 what is the point of the term soda dumbass?
3 which ivy league school plays their residence games at palmer stadium?
3 who was with patricia hearst when she was kidnapped?
3 what was the name of the lawyer world health organization represented randy craft?
1 what is the term for the sum of all genetic matter in a particular organism?
0 what is probability explanation?
5 how many syllables are there in a ordering of hendekalartic poetry?
0 what are the seven deadly sin?
1 what 12 -hour cold medical science does the formula ```` 6, 6, 12''use in their advertisements?
0 who likes james bond's martinis?
3 Who leads the star ship Enterprise in Star Trek ?
5 how many home plate runs did lou gehrig have during his career?
3 which cougar popularized brillo's soup cans and soap boxes?
5 how long is the margin between ukraine and russia?
3 Who developed the first polio vaccine ?
5 what season does a local activeness normally take place?
1 what was the education system in the sixties?
4 When Superman needs to get away from it all , where does he go ?
5 what is the central rate for australian money for american money?
3 what is the language unit of the son of actor rex harrison, who played in a modest television series in the late 1960s?
0 what are phenol?
1 What generation am I in ?
5 how many people die of tuberculosis every class?
1 what nutrients are for healthy percussion instrument and teeth?
1 What is the chemical formula for napalm ?
0 Why are peanut butter cookies topped with crisscrosses ?
5 how many period is a bullseye worth in darts?
3 Who holds the NFL record for most touchdowns in a season ?
4 which municipality is served by mccarren airport?
1 What is `` the bear of beers '' ?
3 which companies in alaska were affected by the lipid spill exxon valdez?
4 what are the five best lipid -producing countries in the world?
3 Who played Emperor Palpatine in Star Wars ?
1 What was the favorite sport of Tom Wolfe 's The Pump House Gang ?
3 who was america's first public enemy number one?
4 where do i get information and statistics on country and nations?
4 where is the merchant ship, lane victory, to turn the veteran of merchant marine into a floating museum?
4 what is the most populous city in the natural object?
3 what role did benjamin franklin play in the improvement of the newspaper in america?
5 how many time period does a normal human pregnancy take?
3 who is pia zadora with a millionaire spouse and mentor?
0 What does the name Kelly mean ?
3 which director made a silent and sound version of the ten commands?
5 When was Dick Clark born ?
3 Who wrote The Night of the Iguana ?
0 why do they call it a funny connective tissue?
0 what is carpal burrow syndrome?
5 How long did it take Stanley to find Livingstone ?
3 what was the name of the professional who represented randy steven craft?
1 name the five words that use all the letter in the alphabet, except q, without repetitions.
5 How long was Mao 's 1930s Long March ?
0 What is the origin of U.S. Army sergeant 's stripes ?
1 which nut are used in marzipan?
3 who is the worst president of the united states?
1 what is grenada's most important export of raw substance?
1 What kind of fruit is a Yellow Transparent ?
0 What is Spumante ?
4 where do you find the venus fly device?
5 how many continent are there?
0 what is the point of the word ``carrier'''?
3 which ball game team was routinely referred to by its frustrated fans as ``the booms''?
5 How many different kinds of ice cream are there ?
5 How many teats does a female goat sport ?
0 colin powell is best known for his show?
4 where does the us get most of its department of energy?
0 How does the Elongated Man know a mystery is afoot ?
0 what is the executor in a faculty?
4 where does buzz aldrin want to build a permanently manned space post?
1 What TV series saw many of its aquatic scenes shot at Silver Springs , Florida ?
3 who invented baseball?
1 what did the forward -looking simon brothers shop in chicago put in bagels to boost business?
5 how many warmup pitches does a substitute get in a baseball activity?
1 what fast food is prepared with a secret mix of 11 herbs and spices?''
4 where on the internet can i find a song database similar to the international lyrics server?
1 What 's the name of the Tampa newspaper ?
4 what is the fastest growing country in the u.s. in 1998?
0 what was the honor of the football game, the fordham waynesburg state 12601 in september 3, 1939?
0 what is cardiac glycoside?
4 what municipality boasts of the billingsgate fish market?
0 what are maid religious ceremony?
1 What is a common anti-AIDS drug ?
1 in what preservative do the dutch dip their fries?
1 What 's the international radio code word for the letter B ?
3 What President was assassinated by Charles J. Guiteau ?
1 What is a fear of slime ?
0 What is endometriosis ?
0 what didn't you let a court game ball do when you played volleyball?
1 what is the term for limestone storage rising from the bottom of a geological formation?
3 Whose autobiography is titled Yes I Can ?
3 who portrayed field marshal erwin rommel in the desert fox?
3 What was Darth Vader 's son named ?
5 how many points is a disc in the middle trap worth in crokinole?
1 what are the descendant of birds?
0 What is the `` coppertop '' battery ?
0 Why do we have to go to school ?
1 what do sailor use to measure time?
4 what are the top five tallest buildings in the worldly concern?
3 what the french designer said: "the trouser is the destructor! it's a dictator! it destroys creativity. trousers must be stopped!'' nope.
0 what do pointy letter mean to a handwriting analyst?
2 What is the full name of the PLO ?
5 how many warmup pitches does a stand-in get in a baseball game?
3 which nobel prize achiever was expelled from the philippines before the east timor conference?
0 what is the scheduling language c?
0 how can i get an email address from causal agent?
1 What is the word for love of pain or abuse ?
3 who was the chief engineer of the starship enterprise?
3 who invented the plot scrabble?
1 What did Benny Carter play ?
0 who likes james bond's martinis?
4 What country did the Romans call Hibernia ?
3 Who died with more than 1 , 000 U.S. patents to his credit ?
4 Tell me what city the Kentucky Horse Park is near ?
5 of children between the age of two and eleven, what percentage lookout ``the simpsons''?
1 what are the four most widely used communication in north america?
0 What are bear and bull markets ?
5 When were the Olympic Games in which Nadia Comaneci became popular played ?
0 What is thermal equilibrium ?
1 What fuel do airplanes use ?
5 how long before your body recovers liquid body substance after you have donated your liquid body substance?
3 Who is the richest woman in the world ?
4 What two countries are separated by the Bering Strait ?
5 What is the temperature today ?
5 in what year were man-made fiber stockings first sold?
0 How do birds find their way back to the same place every year ?
4 What city contains the district of Hell 's Kitchen ?
1 What animal has the biggest eyes ?
1 what is the longest material name that consists of 35 letters?
3 Who was the mother of the man who would not be king , the duke of Windsor ?
3 name the two daughters of actor john mills.
1 what film tour of the roman empire shows the informing: `````` line well and live''?
5 What is the youngest age a boy or girl can have an orgasm ?
1 what the longer sperm produces: an pachyderm or a mouse?
3 which english dramatist wrote, "where the bee sucks, so shall i?"
5 what is the average content of the building manager in the united states?
4 what is the name of the municipality where maurizio pellegrin lives?
5 how many millimeters are in a nautical mile?
1 in what war were there battle at papagei's beak and black virgin?
5 How much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?
3 who said of super bowl iii in 1969 ```we win ``i guarantee it'''?
0 what are the factors leading to the high teenage pregnancy pace in spartanburg, south carolina?
0 Define cosmology .
1 what is the name of one of the lyric spoken by the sioux?
1 what kind of garment was the real hepcats wearing in 1942?
1 what is "the great american syndicate cornflakes"?
5 how many votes in congress were against the 1941 declaration of military action against japan?
3 who painted "soft self portrait" with grilled bacon?
1 what's a fear of solid?
1 what kind of use burns most calories?
1 what hermann hesse's book gave his name to a natural object band?
1 what is the most commonly used computer idea?
1 what are dinosaur mansion?
3 what japanese electronics institution was named after a coastal town northeast of tokyo?
0 what prompted the monoxide -pilots of the enola gay to enter only "my god" in his logbook?
4 what people is a sicilian?
5 how many game are played in a five -team round robin tournament?
0 What are people doing to help prevent the extinction of birds ?
0 what do multitude do to prevent birds from dying?
1 What is an example of a natural acid-base indicator ?
3 what two -legged "professor" has a phd in nothingness?
4 what lake in scotland is supposed to hold one or more imaginary being?
0 What is the origin of the word trigonometry ?
3 who coined the word nn cyberspace in his novel nn neuromancer?
5 shea & gould had an place of business in l.a. for how many years?
1 what two sculpture did france give to other countries?
1 What 's the name of a golf course in Myrtle Beach ?
3 Who plays the cop in the movie `` Kindergarten Cop '' ?
0 what caused the lynmouth flood?
4 where can i find a website that gives comparisons of good value?
1 what are some tips for building a ardor in the ardorplace?
1 what are the title of some r -rate sony playstation games?
5 how many head ill health do you get every year when you're skating?
2 What does IBM stand for ?
3 what tv family sometimes buys eclair from nelson's bakery?
0 what are the special physical characteristics of the arabian sawhorse?
5 how many pages does a polygon have?
3 What ill-fated American general dragged a bull terrier named Willie through World War II ?
5 When did World War I start ?
1 what was the name of the 1899 plan of action imposed on china whereby all nations had equal trade rights?
1 what was the name of the killer whale that died of a fungal infection?
1 what future movie was presented to the american colonists in 1603 by the indigenous peoples?
3 who is the drawing card of india?
3 who was arthur h. bremer trying to murder in may 15, 1972?
3 what heading did suzette charles adopt two months in 1984?
3 which actor had the greatest fame on broadcasting became the father of triplets?
5 How big is a normal size penis for a 15-year-old ?
3 who replaced bert parks as the horde of miss america?
1 What are you caught in if a haboob blows up ?
1 what hide -and -seek game is played around a metallic element can?
4 which is the fifth largest country in the natural object?
1 what military action has jeep and quisling added to the english language?
1 what's the first killer in the developed natural object?
1 What is a fear of being dirty ?
4 which airfield in town is logan international?
1 what is a 2 -sided aim called?
3 which japanese car business had the largest share of domestic sales?
3 who kept the most famous diary in english?
4 kentucky horse park is near what american municipality?
4 which north american city grows the most room clocks?
0 in waugh "a handful of dust", what does the crazy old man make the heroes do every afternoon?
3 which lawyers work for the center for the defense of free enterprise?
5 what's the power of the shuttlecock boosters?
3 what social group was broken into in watergate in 1972?
3 what twenties cowboy star rides tony the wonder horse?
1 what category of a massacre in the members of bugs moran's outfit?
0 describe the finnish music personality salonen's operation.
3 what claim does the comedian henry youngman claim?
3 what's the name of the cop who tried to keep order in top cat's vicinity?
3 who won most oscars for costume design?
4 What is the address of the famous Mexican star `` Thalia '' ?
3 who was the generator of the novel "far from the madding crowd"?
1 what was the name of the orca that died of a fungal ill health in sea world?
1 what is the punishment area between baltic avenue and reading railroad on a monopoly board?
3 what is the name of the american who was caught when his airplane crashed over syrian lebanon?
1 what weapon fires a thunderbolt?
0 what function does homeostasis have on the universe of an organism?
1 What does a topophobic actor suffer from ?
1 what international amateur sports sight was broadcast for the first time in 1956?
1 Which medium is Hamblen the first singing cowboy in ?
0 what is dry crystal?
1 What animal has killed the most people ?
0 why are there letter on the phone? why is there no q or z?
5 What was the number of people that Randy Steven Craft was convicted of killing ?
5 how many metric linear unit is the obstacle to a runner's steep water jump?
1 What were hairy bank notes in the fur trade ?
5 when was the first railway completed from the east shore to the west shore?
3 which horseman won 17 -triple crown races?
1 what kind of poem contains the formation ````````getting old with me, the best is still'''''.
5 how many poetry are there in the bible?
1 What was the name of Hitler 's unsuccessful attempt to overthrow the Bavarian government in Munich in 1923 ?
5 How many penny-farthings are there on a Trivial Pursuit game board ?
4 where can i find examples of legal cases concerning the collection on disability education?
4 where can i find a case about individual with disabilities education act 1991?
0 What was the Vietnam War ?
1 what ship wreck in nantucket killed more loon in its exploration than the 52 -people it sank with?
4 which state claimed rubens, van dyck and bruegel as citizens?
0 What is the design of the ship Titanic ?
4 where can i find a review of nightmare on elm street in a film writing?
1 what kind of diversion team are the wisconsin badgers?
4 which national traveler rail system in the country is via?
3 what catch -22 imaginary being is elected mayor of half a dozen italian cities?
5 how many people died from a smoking difficulty in the 1997?
3 what character does the treasure land tell?
5 What is the starting salary of a radiographer ?
3 What 's the most common name in nursery rhymes ?
1 What is the celtic symbol for `` life '' ?
1 which connecting element did whitcomb judson patent in 1893?
1 Which comic strip was never turned into a Broadway musical ?
1 what is the primary lyric of the philippines?
0 what happens when a body function falls asleep?
5 in what class did china and the republic of korea establish diplomatic relations?
1 what do bicornate organism have two of?
1 what is the term for a group of anseriform bird?
1 what are the four most widely used lyric in north america?
5 How many oceans are there and name them ?
0 what is code piracy?
0 how do i know how much medium of exchange i can save for retirement?
3 which female suspect in the indication game is single?
1 what is the result of brome if a player has no legal movement?
0 Why are sometimes your hands cold , but the rest of you isn 't ?
1 what is a concern of water?
3 What NFL team did Vince Lombardi end his coaching career with ?
3 What is the name of actor Rex Harrison 's son , who starred in a modestly popular TV show during the late 1960's ?
3 Who invented the pull-tab opener on cans ?
3 which university did angela davis ardor?
4 What do most tourists visit in Reims ?
5 how much money does every musician get at the beginning of the game in monopoly?
0 what does the language unit "sabrina" mean?
3 which corporate executive was buried in his native house overlooking the hudson river in hyde park, new york?
4 Where is the Abominable Snowman said to wander ?
5 what amount of folic acid should a parent -to -be take daily?
5 How many people live in cities ?
0 what rights do i have in a motor vehicle show in california?
1 what sign is the binary compound carrier, the zodiac sign for?
0 How do you make a paintball ?
1 what jewish holiday saw the happening of the 1973 middle east war?
3 who was scrooge's dead partner in dickens' a christmas carol?
5 How many times does the tide ebb and flow each day ?
0 what is the affair of the appendix?
3 who lives on 24 -sussex drive, ottawa?
5 how many mechanical device helped the plane the wright brothers flew into history?
0 in the song "yankee doodle", why did yankee doodle put a feather in his hat and call it dandy?
3 who is john macarthur, 1767 -1834?
1 which limb does a cat move with its left front limb when walking, its left hind limb or its right hind limb?
0 what does the blood sed magnitude relation mean?
0 what is an ecological recess?
5 how many head injuries do you get every time period when you're skating?
4 where can i find a "fifth element" screen person?
0 What are the alveoli ?
1 what function of your body does the corpus callosum contain?
0 What should you do for an ankle sprain ?
3 what is the hose for professional travellers?
1 what's the best way to lose the flab under your chin and your external body part?
4 what is the oldest computer on the internet?
1 name the product ``at your grocery storehouse', at your fingertips.''
1 which drink consists of rum, coconut milk and herb?
1 in what struggle in world war i were six soldiers killed?
0 What is The Gay Science ?
5 which chapter of gone with the wind did rhett butler leave scarlett o'hara?
0 why is microsoft's windows 3 such a successful calculator program?
5 how many rut are there on a small edge?
4 which assets is lagos?
5 how many kind of lemurs are there?
4 What park contains Firehole River and Fairy Falls ?
5 what percentage of the consistency is muscle?
5 how many frames does a round shape camera make?
0 what's the quality between hair and fur?
1 What delicacy is known indelicately as pickled roe ?
5 When did French revolutionaries storm the Bastille ?
5 how many innings are there in a regulated softball activity?
0 What will a compass do in outer space ?
0 what is the bernoulli rationale?
3 which ship's company is bought by yahoo and how much is the deal worth?
3 who was the first person to study the star topology?
1 what medium is stuart hammlen the first tattle cowboy in?
5 How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
3 what is the name of the american who was caught when his heavier-than-air craft crashed over syrian lebanon?
4 what is the das kapital of seattle?
3 who were the 1974 oscar achiever?
5 how much will california's gas tax addition with the 21st year?
0 what is the difference between a reproductive structure and a vegetable?
3 who won oscars for their roles in gone with the wind and a streetcar called desire?
4 in which london museum is a enclosure of horror?
0 what are the film maker collaborative about?
3 Who directed the first Woody Woodpecker cartoon ?
1 what methods are used to regulate monopoly?
1 what triple crown contestant took the 1973 belmont stakes by 31 lengths?
5 how long does it take for a $economy bond to mature?
5 When did Aldous Huxley write , `` Brave New World '' ?
3 who are the top ten richest people in the world?
3 what is the full name of the man who invented the colourful cube that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations?
1 what letter does the pin of rwanda adorn?
0 What does the theory of quantum leaps mean in simpler terms ?
3 who donated the toys to the doodyville condition fund and kept them for themselves?
5 how many years do oldster form?
1 what is the emotion of the computer called?
4 What was known as the Spice Island ?
1 what's wrong with a noble facial expression?
5 What is the amount of money owed for illegally having a dog on a beach ?
3 what's larry king's activity?
5 how much calcium should a grown woman have every sidereal day?
0 What effects do nitrates have on the environment ?
5 what are bottle headdress with presidents' pictures inside?
1 What is your favorite color ?
1 what is a fear of graveness?
4 What U.S. state comes last in an alphabetical list ?
1 which airplane has fawaz younis hijacked?
4 where is the information about the fiction "el cid"?
3 What businesses in Alaska were affected by the Exxon Valdez oil spill ?
0 what's the message with the skateboard?
1 what is the formula for calculating transcendental number?
1 what board activity does a ````````wood dealer''play badly?
1 what are some translations of the idiom ``thank you''''?
1 what category of animals are dorsets, lincoln's, oxfords and southdowns?
1 what ship wreck in nantucket killed more explorer in its exploration than the 52 -people it sank with?
3 who said, "what despicable unwelcome person stole the cork from my lunch?"
4 which municipality has the longest subway system in the world?
1 what 1942 -century spy film has film director john huston combined with maltese falconers humphrey bogart, mary astor and sidney greenstreet?
1 what is the folklore about birdlife and birds in christmas woody plant?
4 in what circumstance was herbert hoover born?
1 Which airplane was Fawaz Younis convicted of hijacking ?
0 What does N est-ce pas mean ?
0 how does the movie blues screen activity?
0 What is titanium ?
5 what is the amount of students at the university of massachusetts in amherst?
0 why are the presidential elections taking home in the us in november?
3 whose men did conrad hilton jr. and michael wilding fastener up?
5 how many gymnastic apparatus are there on a five -zone archery target?
3 what ship's company does madonna recruit for?
4 what is the language unit of the city where maurizio pellegrin lives?
0 where did the ceremony ceremony come from?
5 When was Christ born ?
4 which land have their name from the spanish baja mar, meaning shallow water?
3 what president of the united states never held an elected office until he was elected to the white house?
1 what is a concern of gravity?
0 where did the department of energy come from for the big bang?
3 which record institution was founded by herb alpert and jerry moss?
3 what group was formed in the 1969 after police encountered resistance from customers in stonewall, a homosexual bar in greenwich village?
1 which two ship led the first sea battle between iron ship?
5 what is the average content of the restaurant director in the united states?
1 what's the name of the tampa material?
4 Where can I buy a good snowboard for less than $200 ?
3 what kind of housewife and mother of three wrote the female mystique?
1 What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?
4 What is the world 's highest peak ?
3 who invented that stupid kitten?
0 What 's the Red Planet ?
5 what time period did edmund fitzgerald go down?
3 what is the name of the brilliant british economist behind his initiation?
3 Who makes chicken `` finger lickin '' good ?
3 What court does Bob Woodward describe in The Brethren ?
3 who portrays the rich criminologist carl hyatt on checkmate?
5 what day of the week sees the deadliest car accident?
1 name the product ``at your marketplace store', at your fingertips.''
4 where do i get a complete list of beginning in my area?
0 what is the harmonium of xoxoxox?
0 what are beehives doing in cranberry moors?
0 how does a parachute activity?
2 what does the e point of view for in equation e =mc2?
5 When was Microsoft established ?
3 who's the richest man in the natural object without owning a business?
3 who is dear abby?
3 who was the last u.s. president of the united states to resume the selective service registration?
3 what democratic joke game equipment dragged the train out of the station while richard nixon was talking about caboose?
1 what is a fear of crystals or solid?
3 Who is the superstar in rent-a-cars ?
0 what is the origin of beauty in the eye of the perceiver?
4 what is the largest buying centre in the world?
5 how many relative quantity codes are there in the us?
4 where can i find information about forced auction on the internet?
3 who was the first american national to award the albert medal of the society of arts?
1 what is an example of a natural acid military installation indicator?
5 what year is the gold medal of excellence presented by the paris exhibition on a container of campbell's tomato soup?
3 who wrote the pines of rome?
3 what company only markets "shampoo" for person?
1 what's a concern of color?
3 what dates did richard nixon's secretary put in correctional institution?
3 what two historical figures world health organization fought in a famous battle each have a meal named after them?
5 independent silver forge's account for what percentage of silver output?
4 What mountain range is traversed by the highest railroad in the world ?
0 what are the military capability and weaknesses of the green lantern ring?
0 how does the range of command work in an apache helicopter of the us army?
5 what is the date of the contact sport day?
5 what's dick clark's anniversary?
3 who was randy craft's lawyer?
3 who is the twin brother of the greek goddess artemis?
1 what is the most common element in the sunday?
4 where do i find the address of a person with a phone amount?
5 how much caffeine is in a 16 -ounce cup of beverage?
5 how many metric linear unit over six meters is milo's venus?
3 the adoptive founder of dondi.
0 what's the quality between ninjitsu and kung fu?
0 Why is black the color of mourning in the West ?
5 How many tiles did the Space Shuttle Columbia lose on its second flight ?
1 which lyric has the most words?
5 how much is a 1967 -dollar canadian gold coin indefinite quantity?
0 how is chemical element dioxide removed from natural gas?
1 what is the longest english language unit?
4 what is the highest summit in the worldly concern?
0 what does the only repealed correction to the u s constitution have to do with this?
5 what time period did apartheid begin?
1 What food did Marco Polo introduce into Italy from the court of Kubla Khan ?
1 what's the book by william styron about a black preacher leading a slave conflict?
4 Where are the Austerlitz and Victor Hugo subway stops ?
5 what is the pig people of the world?
5 when was calypso's auditory communication invented?
5 How many students attend the University of Massachusetts ?
4 where can i find a lesson idea for teaching metric system conversion to american standard?
0 how do you find oxidation act?
4 what ocean surrounds the madeira land?
5 What time of year do most people fly ?
4 where can i find the lyrics for the song ``getting married today''from the musical ` company?
0 what is the origin of the language unit ``carrier'''?
1 what hermann hesse's publication gave his name to a rock band?
3 what are the names of jack's original roommates at three's company?
3 who are woody woodpecker's kinswoman and nephew?
4 what famous partition supports the bathing tower?
0 what made shea &gould close her place of business in l.a.?
4 what city is the district of hell's kitchen in?
3 What Pope inaugurated Vatican International Radio ?
5 how much alkaloid is in a 16 -ounce cup of coffee?
5 When was Calypso music invented ?
1 what kind of diversion has slotbacks, backrests and touchpacks?
1 what boris pasternak record sells 5,0 copies to the fiction bestseller of 1958?
4 where can you find information about religion and wellbeing, brain and nutrition?
1 what indoor sport did phoenix inferno have for the phoenix pride in july 14, 1983, when the temperature hit 111 academic degree?
3 what english queen had six fingers on one hired hand?
1 the novel by robert louis stevenson was inspired by deacon william brodie, a furniture material by day and burglar by night?
3 what president sent a car to bring charles lindbergh home after his epic flight?
3 what's the name of tom sawyer's kinswoman he lives with?
3 who built the first gas motor?
3 who is william wordsworth?
0 what was the military action in the living room?
3 Who shot Billy the Kid ?
1 What line of luggage is named after a famous American flier ?
3 who created billy pilgrim, a survivor of the dresden fire storm?
4 what island has a park called the battery on the southern end?
3 Who was the first host of Person to Person ?
3 who's the only adult who's won the olympic ten -game twice?
1 what colour is the closest to the force flying the flag of belgium?
1 What 's the most delicate-tasting member of the onion family ?
5 how many records does each player have in a four -handed activity of crokinole?
4 which countries do not have polity income tax?
4 Where was Pythagoras born ?
1 what occupation requires you to combine your warp and firearm?
1 what category of fish is a cone?
0 Why do oceans contain salt water instead of fresh water ?
3 who played the most games for the new york yankees?
0 what were the first words spoken on a product soundtrack?
5 How many different vegetation zones are there ?
1 what product tells of anna anderson's claim to be the daughter of the russian tsar?
3 Name a French fascist party .
0 what is form puff?
3 who's behind the name of harvey wallbanger's drink?
0 What nuclear process takes place in an H-bomb ?
5 what is the angular distance and longitude of el paso, texas?
3 who runs andy capp's favorite tavern?
3 what famous comic publication character died of acne?
4 where can you find information about belief and health, brain and nutrition?
4 which state is closest to the united states after canada and mexico?
0 What is a turnkey contract ?
0 what is the purpose of the sysrq winder on my computer winderboard?
3 What is Supergirl 's secret identity ?
3 who shot billy the kid?
3 what's the language unit of joan jett's band?
0 what is the origin of time?
4 Where can I find a list of `` classic '' books 5th and 6th graders should read ?
1 which frederick forsyth novel reports about the termination of an african government by mercenaries?
3 who followed nikita khrushchev as the first head of the communist party?
0 what is object -oriented creating by mental acts?
3 what's the language unit of the crazy super criminal otto octavius uses?
1 which breakfast cereal brought you "the best" every dawn?
4 what is the second largest island in the worldly concern?
1 what is the only primate that has no coloring material in its palms?
3 who protects dc comics''kingdom of dreams'?
0 what is the difference between a foreword and a foreword?
1 What is the name of the Family Circus 's dog ?
1 what video information was an alternative to vhs?
3 who was the author of the book on computer golfer called ``the egg of cock': a spy through the labyrinth of computer spying''?
0 what is the largest variety of succulent?
0 how can you raise your iq?
2 What do the letters D.C. stand for in Washington , D.C. ?
3 what was al capone's language unit?
0 where does the word "firefly" come from?
4 What South American country won its first World Cup soccer title in 1978 ?
4 What country has the highest arson rate ?
0 what is the origin of the language unit ``mushroom''?
1 name the world's cologne connected to the sea.
0 what is the medical condition of high blood pressure?
3 who played the heading role in the romantic english?
5 what is the life expectation of an elephant?
4 where does most of the cannabis that comes to the united states come from?
5 how many states have a "lemon law" for new motor vehicle?
0 what nuclear process takes home in an h -bomb?
5 how many group visit the pope every month?
1 what is the best way to overcome a concern?
3 who invented volleyball?
1 put the names of james a. michener's record in the following places?
4 what is the most powerful country in the worldly concern?
5 how many different collection zones are there?
4 what is the longest river in the natural object?
3 who played lucas mccain at the rifleman?
1 what is the organisational artifact of the airport new delhi indira gandhi?
4 what continent is driving the executive committee's mountain series?
4 What 's the farthest planet from the sun ?
0 Why do people get calluses ?
4 which municipality hosted the first winter olympics in asia?
0 How do I know if I am pregnant ?
3 who portrayed vincent van gogh in lust for life?
0 how do i install a slab floor?
0 How does a hydroelectric dam work ?
3 what are the name of jack's original roommates at three's company?
0 what is the origin of the son nevermind?
4 What country has the most time zones , with 11 ?
4 what's the name of the wilkes plantation in gone with the wind?
3 who donated the miniature to the doodyville orphanage fund and kept them for themselves?
1 in what product was steven spielberg with hundestar the dog the main character?
0 How do I find the balance of my social security account ?
4 which state owns corsica?
1 what famous tennis tournament's men's badminton was fred perry the last englishman to win?
1 What do you call a group of geese ?
3 who is the only president buried in washington
1 what commodity did robert conrad dare people to pat him on the back?
4 which famous room can you reach by choosing 22 -287 -5?
4 which state has cawdor castle, glamis castle and blair castle?
4 which political unit do not have government income tax?
3 Who was America 's first Public Enemy No. 1 ?
3 What Japanese electronics company was named for a coastal city northeast of Tokyo ?
1 What sport can a free-legged pacer compete in ?
0 what are the defender of a baseball team?
3 which two baseball contestant turn off the battery?
3 who wrote the look of love after seeing ursula andress?
3 who's coronado?
4 how much binary compound does the yukon river go into?
1 what record opens: ```in a certain village in la mancha, which i will not name.'''''''?
5 How long is the border between Canada and the 48 conterminous states ?
4 which country is the natural object's leading supplier of cannabis?
0 How do you get to the top of the Eiffel Tower ?
1 what's the only vegetable that starts with "omega"?
1 what's the international radio son for the letter b?
5 what's the problem with having a dog on the geological formation?
1 What sports magazine has the largest circulation ?
0 What is the difference between love and infatuation ?
0 What are snowballs to a hot-rodder ?
5 what is the people of kansas?
1 what's a emotion of madness?
5 how much would a black and white 1 -cent cast be worth, thomas jefferson?
1 what musical instrument did prewitt play in james jones's from here to eternity?
3 who is the twin brother of the greek goddess artemis?
3 name of the mighty white trader in conrad's heart of darkness?
5 when's the jimmy buffett performance coming to the e -center in camden nj?
3 who portrayed the heading character in the day of the schakal?
3 which evidence company was founded by herb alpert and jerry moss?
3 what civilization invented the electrical conduction?
1 What does a tarantula eat ?
3 who's the nebbish marvel's official mascot?
0 What is a urologist ?
3 What is Nathan Hamill 's role in the new Star Wars prequel ?
0 what was the real joke in responses to say good night dick?
4 where did hillary clinton graduate from body?
3 what russian artist spy lived in the united states under the name emil goldfus?
5 how many penny furthings are there on a trivial pursuit committee?
4 what are the five richest political unit in the world?
3 what famous men and adult team has made radio ads for blue nun wine?
4 where can i find material importers on the internet?
1 name a product where jude law acted.
0 what is the body part of xoxoxox?
3 What U.S. President had brothers-in-law in the Confederate army ?
4 what celestial body gave bith superman?
1 what baseball score required nine game equipment in 1879, eight game equipment in 1880 and seven game equipment in 1881?
4 which state in the united states covers the largest region?
4 which islands have their name from the spanish baja Gregorian calendar month, meaning shallow water?
4 which city in south america has the highest commercial field in the worldly concern?
0 what is respiratory organ cancer?
3 who was the key witness at the watergate senate hearings?
5 what's columbia tristar's electronic equipment number?
4 Where are good science sites on the Internet ?
0 what is an example of a specific happening of using the fourteenth amendment?
3 who was the most famous food editor program of the new york times?
3 which institution produces spumante?
3 who among the following celebrity doesn't paint as a hobby?
1 what colour of dry wine should be served with veal roast and chopsticks?
5 how high does a batch have to be to be called a batch?
1 what irwin allen bomb said richard widmark will be "the first officer in history to be kicked in the ass by a bunch of insect!" nope.
3 which member of the little rascals has an "on -on -again sweetheart" in darla hood?
1 what is the english translation for the son "caliente"?
3 name the substance company that has traveled to soviet georgia to film a series of ads.
3 what's the best college in the state?
0 How does one correctly pronounce ` qigong ' ?
3 what abstraction was formed in the 1969 after police encountered resistance from customers in stonewall, a gay bar in greenwich village?
3 what was the language unit of the daughter of virginia chief powhatan, who married john rolfe?
3 what is the middle name of the film manufacturer joseph e. levine?
5 When did Theo Rousseau paint the `` Forest of Fontaine '' ?
4 Where can I get a map of Prussia on the Internet ?
1 which foods contain most protein?
0 what does the language unit anthony mean?
0 how do i register a trade wind name in north carolina?
3 who portrayed sherlock holmes in 14 -film ordering between 1939 and 1946?
1 what performance are taking place in new york this week?
3 who invented the paper clip?
4 what is the oldest website on the internet?
1 what's the name of the second space badminton equipment?
3 which nba players had American state number 0?
1 what do you get when you mix gin and wine?
4 What is a country that starts with the letter x ?
3 who was shot in the back during a poker activity in deadwood, dakota territory?
5 how many hummingbird eggs could fit into a person egg?
1 which piece of jewelry is depicted in the indulgence tax room of monopoly?
5 when did the "star spangled banner" become the national hymn?
3 what mercantile establishment claims to be the largest department mercantile establishment in the world?
2 what does the e stand for in equation e =mc2?
3 who created maudie frickett?
1 what do you call a five -card poker hired hand in the same suit?
1 what musical composition was the final theme of the johnny cash show?
1 Name the two mystical ravens Odin has at his command .
1 what is "little red car" mentioned in the father singer prince's hit song?
1 which animal has the biggest center?
3 who is the famous female sibling of actress olivia de havilland?
3 what is an example of a famous rock band from the sixty?
3 who wrote brave new world?
1 What became the biggest cash crop in the U.S. in 1983 , surpassing corn ?
4 what continent is driving the executive committee's natural elevation chain?
3 what corporate executive sent a cruiser to bring charles lindbergh home after his epic flight?
3 what fool isn't smart enough to lose an oath to win a region?
1 what is the spatial property of the spine of a camel?
5 when did cnn go on the display?
3 who played the title role in the romantic english?
3 who is the leader of brunei?
3 name the on stage sign of the zodiac whose face has never been seen.
5 which section of gone with the wind did rhett butler leave scarlett o'hara?
4 what city in the usa has experienced the strongest increase recently?
3 who were the leaders of the byzantine empire?
3 what arrangement did mr. waverly employ agents for?
3 Which of the following celebrities started his show-biz career as a disc jockey ?
4 Where can I get mailing lists ?
0 what are the property and weaknesses of the green lantern ring?
3 world health organization was the king world health organization was forced to agree to the magna carta?
0 Why is Indiglo called Indiglo ?
3 which painter popularized brillo's soup cans and cleansing agent boxes?
1 What 's bottled in jeroboams ?
5 what is the worldly concern's population now?
3 who invented the moog synthesizer?
0 What problems contributed to the high failure rate of Plains farmers in the 1800s ?
1 What 's the term for a bet before cards are dealt ?
4 what people was jackson pollock?
3 what mormon drawing card would have had 27 -year -old women?
3 What organization did Mr. Waverly assign agents for ?
1 what plate measures earthquakes?
3 Who loved Flash Gordon besides Dale ?
1 which layer of the atmosphere contains the largest relation of the ozone layer?
1 what kind of jeans did calvin klein admit in a 1984 interrogation that he felt more comfortable wearing them?
3 what rock 'n' roll group made a noise in the white house singing american woman?
5 How old was Lucille Ball when the show `` I Love Lucy '' premiered ?
1 what do i call the son and daughters of my first cousins?
4 What two countries share the Khyber Pass ?
1 what international amateur diversion spectacle was broadcast for the first time in 1956?
1 name the french historical fundamental quantity during the reign of napoleon iii.
0 what are the chemical possession of mendelevium?
1 what was the category of winnie the pooh?
4 where was the largest property camp in world war ii?
5 how much has varian associates tried to sell its vacuum products army unit to the boc group for?
4 What building are British monarchs crowned in ?
0 why were american soldiers called "doughboys" during world war i?
4 where is the petrified vegetation?
1 What turns blue litmus paper red ?
3 which american naval officer broke japan's separation policy in 1853?
4 Where is Tufts University ?
0 How can I find out how much it costs to raise a baby for six months ?
5 what are the unemployment statistic for the 1965s and 1990s?
5 What is the average time it takes for a male to ejaculate ?
1 what is the longest running television serial?
1 what international amateur mutant spectacle was broadcast for the first time in 1956?
3 What is Larry King 's occupation ?
4 what's the name of the highest batch in the world?
3 Who established a Viking colony in Greenland about 985 ?
0 what do you have to do to marry someone in correctional institution?
1 what disease is transmitted by the anopheles dipterous insect?
1 what's the procedure for drilling a hole in the bone to reach a higher consciousness?
5 what date is boxing sidereal day?
3 what did the president of the united states imagination of being murdered?
0 how can i find online spelling and scoring use for my sixth grader?
4 What is the Homelite Inc. home page ?
3 name the body headed by a security council.
0 what does the condition glory hole mean?
3 who was the king who signed the magna carta?
4 where's the 19th hole on a golf path?
1 what is the usual name for acetylsalicylic compound?
5 How many seats does the Batmobile sport ?
5 how many south american countries have the letter z in their names?
1 what kind of weapons were used in the medieval military action?
3 which american actor was the first to be called a vampire?
3 name the ranger United Nations agency was always after yogi bear.
3 who published the internet worm in the late 1980s?
3 What enigmatic U.S. vice president was once tried and acquitted for treason in a plot to set up his own independent empire in the West ?
3 who retired with 755 home run?
5 how many trees are used in paper production in one class?
1 which book is the follow -up to future shock?
3 name the three contest unleashed by the celestials in marvel comics.
5 How far can you see ?
1 What did the Chinese emperor present to the English soldier Gordon in recognition of his services in quelling rebellions ?
0 how do they find or choose witness to an execution?
1 what are the star topology made of?
5 what is the current state rate in the us?
0 how can i find message about rice importers in the world?
0 how can i find someone's phone number if i only know their email code?
0 Why did the Shea & Gould law firm leave Los Angeles ?
1 what are the three secondary flag?
3 who is the famous movie star who also served as provo canyon's distribution channel commissioner, utah?
0 what's the deviation between snow and ice?
3 who was ezra taft benson?
1 which english language unit contains the most letters?
5 how many cards are dealt to each contestant in gin rummy?
3 who was the first adult to return to space?
0 how to make the easter banquet panoramic sugar eggs that with the scene inside?
1 What 's played at Wembley Stadium , London , every May ?
0 What are Fortune 500 companies ?
3 what english insect had seventeen children?
3 who died with over a thousand u s patents on his bill?
3 Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?
0 how can i find someone's phone amount if i only know their email address?
1 What is the quickest and easiest way to get nail polish out of clothes ?
4 where is the abstraction m people from?
5 what are the three season months in the southern hemisphere?
0 how come a donut has a opening in it?
2 what do the letters zip in the string of words "zip code" mean?
4 which municipality did the mormons establish as their headquarters in 1847?
5 how many american enlisted person have died for their country to this day?
0 what is the origin of the word ``carrier wave'''?
0 why are there fruit in martinis?
1 which 1895 h.g. wells novel was written under the heading the chronic argonauts?
1 what was the biggest factor in keeping north american cars off the street during world war ii?
4 which two country are separated from the bering strait?
1 name a sioux communication.
0 What is the origin of music ?
1 What is Dudley Do-Right 's horse 's name ?
4 which airport in township is logan international?
4 what australian municipality became the home of america's cup?
5 What is the price for AAA 's liability auto insurance ?
0 what did john f. kennedy think was his biggest mistake in agency?
1 what software offers inventor the use of cad -like design?
1 What deck of cards includes the Wheel of Fortune , the Lovers , and Death ?
1 what colors does magenta consist of?
1 from what hymn did john steinbeck receive his heading the grapes of wrath?
3 world health organization was the writer and world health organization was the composer between gilbert and sullivan?
3 What is the name of the company that manufactures the `` American Girl '' doll collection ?
1 what unit are fluorine, sodium and magnesium?
3 who are the hottest women in the worldly concern?
4 where's the cookie magnifier?
1 what are the best produce cultures in the world?
3 who is the most notorious unwelcome person in the 165 gunpowder plot?
5 how many baits are there in a cricket cricket equipment?
5 How deep is a fathom ?
0 what is the story of spartacus, the roman slave and combatant?
0 what is the origin of the sweetening cane at christmas?
4 where can i find a tilt of the "classic" books that the fifth and sixth graders should read?
1 what category of sport has slotbacks, backrests and touchpacks?
0 what is the origin of the construction of writing practice ````now is the time for all good men to support their country''''''''''''''''''
0 what is a print?
4 which country in the united countrys covers the largest area?
5 When was the De Beers company founded ?
1 what color are the flowers of a cherry woody plant?
3 name alvin's brothers
1 what software offers inventors the use of cad -like blueprint?
3 which educational institution does archie go to?
0 What are values ?
1 what's a concern of fishing?
5 how many more mine are there in the falklands after the war?
5 How much calcium should an adult female have daily ?
3 which tennis player has the appellation "nasty"?
0 how can i find a list of celebrity' real names?
0 What causes rust ?
1 which car race was wilbur reed the first to win three time period?
1 what were richard nixon's accomplishment?
0 how does a scientific calculator activity?
5 in what year did germany sign its written agreement against the soviet union?
3 what professional mutant league triggered the college project?
0 what does television camera -ready art mean?
5 how many group did randy craft kill?
0 What do you say to a friend who ignores you for other friends ?
3 which woman has carried most births, twin, triplets etc.?
5 which chapter of gone with the wind did rhett butler leave scarlett o'hara?
5 in the nineties, on what day of the week did christmas fall?
5 what seven digit follow the territorial code in the number for remote information?
3 Who is Shirley MacLaine ?
1 what book by lewis carroll did humpty dumpty time to the world?
1 what mary tyler moore show regularly came into the worldly concern as tadeus wladyslaw konopka?
0 what do you do in cozumel, mexico for young multitude?
3 who founded the modern explanation of probability?
3 who was president cleveland's wife?
5 how long did the paris commune last against the respite of france?
4 what hawaiian land is pearl harbor on?
1 which colors are most sensitive to actinic radiation?
3 the name of the woman for whom the great gatsby pines is?
4 which country borders denmark in the geographical area?
4 which south korean municipality is served by kimpo international airport?
1 what is the collective message for geese?
0 what is the difference between a post horse and a print?
1 What instrument is Ray Charles best known for playing ?
1 what is the right way to install a peal of toilet paper?
4 what country is the filenes store in?
3 which actor and airman of world war ii had put a $5,0 das kapital of hermann goering on his head?
5 how many oligochaete are on a single field?
1 what is the statue of liberty wearing on her infantry?
4 which country is australia's largest commodity market?
4 What country , after Canada and Mexico , is closest to the U.S. ?
0 what is the origin and message of the name, ````hajo?''
1 What novel has Big Brother watching ?
3 who was scrooge's dead partner in dickens' a christmas carol?
0 why do recipe record recommend to start with cold water when cooking something?
3 name the trick movie genre that nancy and chuck cast with the magic ring.
4 what is the highest natural elevation in new england?
3 who did doris day mean when she said, "i call him ernie because he's not a rock 'n' roll"?
0 why do ocean contain salt water instead of fresh water?
0 what hasn't rocky marciano done in his professional contact sport career?
1 what color is an arctic fox in season?
3 what famous actress has her first appearance on stage at the age of five in the 191 year as a "child"?
1 what concert are taking place in new york this week?
4 Where are there aborigines ?
3 What Hall of Fame pitcher started three World Series Games for the New York Yankees in 1962 ?
5 in what class were the olympics played, in which nadia comaneci became popular?
4 name a battlefield of civil military action.
1 in what movie was steven spielberg with hundestar the canine the main character?
4 which mountain extent marks the border with france and spain?
3 what south african producer made a 1988 income of $836 million?
0 what characteristics of the african pachyderm are greater than those of the indian pachyderm?
0 what does the language unit alexandra mean?
1 what was the name of the orca that died of a fungal contagion?
1 what word does a czech use to describe a pole?
5 how many claws did a lobster named weapon lose?
1 what do western indian steel bands use as device?
1 which bovine has the greatest variety of breeds?
5 how many american performers have been nominated for the best performer oscar for 1983?
3 what was the name of the first watergate special prosecutor United Nations agency was later fired by nixon?
1 which scrub can be planted that are safe from deer?
1 what is the medical term for blood malignant tumor?
0 how is bubble product produced?
5 When was General Manuel Noriega ousted as the leader of Panama and turned over to U.S. authorities ?
3 who markets spaghetti -o's?
0 What is Zionism ?
3 Who is the prime minister of Japan ?
4 which country is the origin of the social group the creeps?
4 What states do not have state income tax ?
3 what honeymooners actress called television magazine the 1953's most promising celestial body?
3 who is the famous product star who also served as provo canyon's channel commissioner, utah?
4 which political unit is the largest diamond producer?
4 what is the savoir-faire of antworten.com?
4 which city was the scenery for the music man?
4 which configuration is known as "the water bearer"?
1 what field sport does the dentist william beers have a standard publication of rules for?
1 what is a synonym for sweetening?
4 where on the internet can i find a song database similar to the international lyrics server?
3 who was maria theresa?
3 what are the names of richard nixon's two daughter?
0 what is home finance?
5 how far is the longest trap in one on a golf course and where did it happen?
3 who's the nebbish marvel's official organism?
1 on what flight did fawaz youni commit gas piracy and hostage -taking?
1 What are the conjugations of wake and woke ?
5 which chapter of gone with the wind did rhett butler leave scarlett o'hara?
1 what's a concern of points?
5 When did the Dow first reach ?
0 what were the origin of the civil war?
2 What do the letters ZIP stand for in the phrase `` ZIP code '' ?
4 what former royal palace served as a granary, prison, arsenal, leprosy, mint, telegraph facility and puff before becoming an art museum?
1 what kind of document did president andrew johnson want to place a copy under his external body part at his funeral?
5 what is the central rate between england and the us?
5 how many letters appear with the book from 2 to 9 on a phone?
0 why do the eyes sometimes look red in the photograph?
5 What is the number of American soldiers deployed to South Korea ?
4 what russian seaport has a language unit that means "lord of the east"?
3 which u.s. president showed a preference for bee spore snacks?
1 What two colors are you blind to if you suffer from protanopia ?
1 Which comic book was not spawned directly from the pulp magazines ?
3 who's shirley maclaine?
0 How do you use an intranet ?
1 which organism was the heat -seeking missile after which the sidewinder was named?
1 which car contest was wilbur reed the first to win three times?
5 what class did spielberg do "jaws"?
3 who killed caesar?
5 how many people watch tv?
3 who makes the "cross your heart" bra?
3 who was the president of the international olympic committee at the 1936 summer games?
0 what is the origin of the phrase of writing practice ````now is the time for all good men to support their political unit''''''''''''''''''
4 what municipality is wiener schnitzel named after?
3 Who directed Citizen Kane ?
0 how does the chain of command activity in an apache helicopter of the us army?
3 What one of the Backstreet Boys are single ?
3 What college did Joe Namath play football for ?
1 what's the name of the activity garry kasparov plays?
3 what's the language unit of the cop who tried to keep order in top cat's neighborhood?
3 What President-to-be was the first member of Congress to enlist following the attack on Pearl Harbor ?
3 who did doris day mean when she said, "i call him ernie because he's not a rock"?
1 what kind of explosive do you get when you mix charcoal, chemical element and saltpeter?
5 what is the average sidereal day when most shopping malls start putting up christmas decorations?
1 which two ships led the first sea struggle between iron ships?
5 how many votes does it take to win the tenure?
4 What European city do Nicois live in ?
3 what performer has a legendary reputation for stealing jokes?
3 what tv imaginary being said, "one of these days, alice, pow, right in the kisser"?
4 which four u.s. administrative district have active volcanoes?
3 what famous tv lecture show host was a lay predator when he was seventeen?
5 how many liter of whole milk does it take to make a pound of butter?
3 what was the ventura county police department that seized the largest amount of hard drug?
4 what's the biggest office block in the natural object?
1 what episode of the 1933's did the german nazis use to justify hand brake decrees, lock up opponents and gain more power in themselves?
1 what leporid has his name because his ears resembled those of a donkey?
3 who was the captain of the oil tanker exxon valdez, who was involved in the oil disaster in prince william sound, alaska, 1989?
3 who invented the prediction?
4 What U.S. city is known as The Rubber Capital of the World ?
5 how many children under 18.m. are victims of physical abuse every time period?
1 what paper gave back a pulitzer prize for the fraudulent past of jimmy's world?
3 who has more dna? a man or a woman?
0 what causes blue testis?
3 who was the actor who played sam in the movie casablanca?
1 what is a fear of unrighteousness?
1 what movie tells of anna anderson's claim to be the daughter of the russian tsar?
1 which card plot derived its name from biritch or russian whist?
3 which film director made a silent and sound version of the ten commands?
3 what role do fruit play in plant survival?
1 what's a concern of hair?
0 what do you know about multicultural and multilingual school?
3 What is the name of the Indian who became prime minister by beating Mrs. Gandhi in the 1977 election ?
4 What city is graced by the Arch of Titus ?
1 What was the education system in the 1960 's ?
4 What is California 's capital ?
1 what's the biggest letter in salvador dali's name?
0 what is the proud claim to fame of the young charwoman who formed kappa alpha theta?
1 from what hymn did john steinbeck receive his title the grapes of wrath?
5 When does the average teenager first have intercourse ?
0 why not remove a hymenopterous insect sting with tweezers?
3 What actor has a tattoo on his right wrist reading Scotland Forever ?
3 What president also became a supreme court justice ?
0 What does Las Vegas mean ?
3 who was lauren bacall's first husband?
0 what do esa -pekka gallery look like?
1 Which infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ?
4 which political unit is the largest producer of tungsten?
5 how many period are the symbol for ``cause''?
3 who is section manager for command and command systems at jpl?
5 In what year was the Berlin Wall erected ?
1 what failure has the irish lack caused?
3 Who is behind the name of the Harvey Wallbanger drink ?
5 how many people die of snake sting poisoning in the united states a year?
0 what is the hypothesis of equivalence states?
5 how many propellers helped the airplane the wright brothers flew into history?
0 what are fortune 500 institution?
0 why does sound travel faster through water than atmosphere?
5 how long before the typical chicken lays 19 -dozen eggs?
3 what was the name of the 6.500 german atmosphere force that used the spanish civil war as a training exercise?
1 What is the greatest source of `` white '' magic in the Marvel Universe ?
3 What barroom judge called himself The Law West of the Pecos ?
5 how many spaces follow a period at the end of a prison term?
1 what was the non -fictional best seller of 1952, 1953 and 1954?
1 what story does ethical motive have: ````who wants everything gets nothing''''?
3 who was the first golfer to make a million dollars?
5 What time of day did Emperor Hirohito die ?
4 What U.S. state has an element named for it ?
0 What are the seven deadly sins ?
0 why was henry ford's first motor vehicle introduced as model t & his second type of motor vehicle in 19208, called model a?
4 what correctional institution is there in ossining, new york?
0 What is a Devo hat ?
4 what big u.s. city had the highest homicide rate for 1988?
3 what was the name of the director of the product "jaws"?
1 the jewish character set is known as what?
4 what sunburned, 14 -mile valley is union of the mojave desert?
4 where can i find the full written gulp of the ctbt?
4 which north american city grows the most parking storksbill?
3 what the french designer said: "the jean is the destructor! it's a dictator! it destroys ability. jeans must be stopped!'' nope.
4 w hat room did w.c. fields keep his library in?
1 what sign is the water carrier wave, the zodiac sign for?
1 What is a fear of fur ?
3 what are the first names of rowan and martin, the star topology of tv's laugh -in?
5 what is the weight of a teaspoon concern in a black hole?
4 What is Stefan Edberg 's native country ?
3 what beverage company gives you a kiss?
1 the corpus callosum is in what part of the natural object?
0 why is the pot green?
5 How much does a poodle weigh ?
1 what's the name of a young canine?
4 name the land of giants twelve time the size of man in gulliver's travels.''
3 What is the name of Dolly Parton 's rarely seen husband ?
0 What made Jane Goodall famous ?
3 who played the heading role in i what a teenage werwolf?
0 what caused the delay of the 25th annual session of the united nations general assembly?
1 which overgarment are named after dungri, a suburb of bombay?
4 where do i find the address of a person with a phone act?
3 which actor and airman of world war ii had put a $5,0 capital of hermann goering on his question?
5 what sidereal day of the week sees the deadliest car accidents?
3 who donated the toys to the doodyville orphanage investment company and kept them for themselves?
3 What company uses the unfamiliar faces of its celebrity spokespeople to promote the use of its product ?
1 What weapon did the crossed slits in English castles accommodate ?
5 what was the death pace in the usa in 1969?
5 what class is the gold medal of excellence presented by the paris exhibition on a can of campbell's tomato soup?
4 mississippi has a language unit for a state language unit?
5 what is the new property to switch a child from a cradle to a bed?
1 ray charles plays what legal document?
1 What is April 's gemstone ?
3 which king is satirized in the channel ```the king was in the countinghouse and counted all his money'''''?
4 what are the seven ocean?
0 what is a plant organ canal?
1 what color is an arctic dodger in winter?
1 who were john f. kennedy and the canine?
3 who's robin williams?
5 how many vessel of wine were allowed in the bastille per day?
1 what is the prevailing color of the yellow journalism label?
3 what is the current pope's language unit?
0 what is the origin of the son, jj?
5 how many soldier were involved in the last panama invasion by the united states of america?
0 who solves rubik's cube?
3 what's the name of the charwoman who was with john belushi when he died?
2 what do the letters ce mean for so many commodity, especially electrical, now purchased?
5 how many meters in a nautical mile?
4 Where did King Francis I hang the `` Mona Lisa '' when he owned it ?
1 What are the five basic swimming strokes ?
1 what has the chinese emperor presented to the english soldier gordon in recognition of his service in fighting rebellion?
3 What was the name of the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk ?
1 What J.R.R. Tolkien book features Bilbo Baggins as the central character ?
3 what vietnamese radical is now a un delegate to doonesbury?
1 what sports features hooks and clean simpleton?
0 How do you find out what is allowed to claim as a contibution for income tax purposes ?
0 what is the origin of the son "sideburn"?
3 which mexican drawing card was shot in 19203?
1 what is the greatest situation that people have done?
4 what is the country of point for the name thomas?
0 why do you get goose bump when something emotional happens to them, like hearing a beautiful piece of music or seeing something beautiful or being aroused by someone they love?
1 what musical composition did patti page let people dance to in the 1950s?
1 The trials resulting from World War II are known as what ?
1 what is widely used to detect prenatal beginning defects?
3 Who 's the only man to have won the Olympic decathlon twice ?
5 how's the fundamental quantity when you bake peachy oat muffins?
3 who portrayed w.c. fields in the movie w.c. fields and me?
5 in what class were nylon stockings first sold?
4 what is the largest shopping kernel in the world?
1 what kind of animal is the lightest -kept animal there is?
0 what's the deviation between a bottle and a glass?
3 which cable system is called "the family negotiator".
4 which u.s. state has sagebrush as its state angiosperm?
1 What are the 28 tenses in the English language ?
0 how to make the easter dinner panoramic sugar eggs that with the scene inside?
3 What Apollo 11 astronaut minded the store while Armstrong and Aldrin made history ?
1 what semblance is mr spock's blood?
4 where does buzz aldrin want to build a permanently manned distance station?
0 why is the moon in different size and colors?
1 Which is heavier - cream or milk ?
1 what is the penalty area between baltic avenue and reading railroad on a monopoly board?
4 what former royal palace served as a granary, prison, armory, leprosy, mint, telegraph station and puff before becoming an art museum?
5 how many multitude were there from the bombing of pan am flight 103 via lockerbie, scotland, december 21, cd.
3 who was the supreme god of the germanic religion?
3 what college football team made knute rockne a quality?
4 which national passenger rail system in the political unit is via?
3 who was the time master in comics?
4 where can i get a function of prussia on the internet?
0 how do you build a solar motor vehicle for a high school experiment?
0 what's visual property?
4 where are the card game austerlitz and victor hugo?
1 what fast substance is prepared with a secret blend of 11 herbs and spices?''
4 which is the richest country in the worldly concern?
1 what does a contact sport look like in the nfl rule book?
5 How many people die from tuberculosis each year ?
1 what two environment of your body grow all your life?
5 How many maids were milking ?
5 how long before the lunar month turns around the earth?
5 how many center does a bat have?
3 what catch -22 character is elected mayor of half a large integer italian cities?
1 what animal ate with a carpenter on boodle and oysters?
0 what impact do nitrates have on the situation?
3 What President served for five years , six months and 2 days ?
3 What radio , TV and movie character did Jackie Gleason and William Bendix play ?
4 which monarchy of the european political unit was restored in 1975?
2 What does EKG stand for ?
4 What U.S. state has the second-longest coastline ?
0 what are the words to "my way" by paul anka?
1 What does an ashen-faced eidologist search out the existence of ?
0 What is the function of RAM ?
0 What do Mormons believe ?
3 who was maria theresa?
1 what was the language unit of roy rogers' dog?
0 what do a jewel and a lump of money have in common?
5 what's the airport written communication for los angeles international?
4 what are the five best petroleum -producing countries in the world?
0 why do we call someone "sweetening"?
3 What Catch-22 character is elected mayor of half a dozen Italian cities ?
1 Name a product that controls the ripening of apples .
0 What is a wet dream ?
1 on what flight did fawaz youni commit air highjacking and hostage -taking?
3 what character does the wealth island tell?
5 on what date did rosa parks become a signal of the civil rights movement for refusing to give up her seat on the bus?
1 what was the name of the computer in 2001: a space odyssey?
3 who was sara trying to kill jane moore?
5 how many people were there from the attack of pan am flight 103 via lockerbie, scotland, december 21, cd.
3 who was the first woman to walk the mile in less than 4 36893 minutes?
1 Name four comic strips about pilots .
3 what english research worker discovered and named virginia?
0 what's in baby powder and baby toiletry that makes it smell like that?
4 where did the cable television cars go down clay street in 1873?
0 what is thermal situation?
1 What spider makes a superb pet , even said to recognize its master ?
4 Where does the weird shape of the dinner fish knife originate from ?
1 What is another term for the painful wrist syndrome ?
0 what are the cookies on the internet?
0 How did Edith Bunker die ?
3 who portrayed maggio in the film from here to eternity?
3 Who founded the Unification Church ?
3 which architect comes from the solid house designed by the chicago federal center had a philosophy of "less is more", "and produced plans that were the forerunner of the california ranch house".
1 which taxonomic group make up more than two thirds of the known taxonomic group?
3 what tv host names a series of men's clothes?
5 how many games are played in a five -team round robin contest?
5 how many visitors go to the vatican every class?
0 What makes Black Hills , South Dakota a tourist attraction ?
3 What famous singing cowboy owns the California Angels baseball team ?
3 who wrote the poem that begins ``i love your sass when they are made of wine and red with a warm desire'''wet?
5 What is the current ticket fare from from Cairo to Barbados ?
0 how did the custom of the best man begin?
0 What is the origin of Boxing Day ?
1 what is the music used in the new vw beetle commercial where the motor vehicle turns and the colors change?
1 What cigarette is `` a whole new world '' ?
4 Where is Sinn Fein 's headquarters ?
1 what was the first english piece written exclusively for child?
1 what kind of yield is a yellow transparent?
5 how many area unit in a mile?
1 what's the procedure for drilling a hole in the skull to reach a higher awareness?
4 which political unit is the world's leading supplier of cannabis?
0 how do you calculate the change in the half -life of a chemical chemical reaction?
0 what's the difference between sexual love and sexual love?
3 United Nations agency was the mother of the man United Nations agency would not be king, the duke of windsor?
3 which south american president was assassinated by his general in the 1963?
3 who painted the sistine chapel?
1 what is the weakest connective tissue in the body?
5 What percent of world 's fresh water is found in Canada ?
3 who's snoopy with the arch enemy?
1 which soft swallow first appeared at the old corner drug store in waco, texas? in 1885?
0 why did several san diego school stop serving apples to students?
0 what is a plant matter?
0 What is swap math ?
1 what infectious disease is the deadliest disease in the natural object?
1 what is a fear of night or dark?
5 what is the average day when most shopping malls start putting up christmas artifact?
5 what is the people of japan?
0 What 's the motto of the Boy Scouts ?
3 who wrote the secret life of walter mitty?
1 what game is fatal for person over 21?
4 which african political unit was founded by free american slaves in 1847?
0 what is the function of a community water tugboat?
0 what is the origin of the phrase of writing exercise ````now is the time for all good men to support their country''''''''''''''''''
0 what problems have contributed to the high rate of flat -rate creator' failure in the 1800s?
0 what is a connective tissue marrow transplant for?
4 What country boasts Ismail 's Palace and the Palace of King Farouk ?
3 what famous tv talk show adult was a lay predator when he was seventeen?
0 how do i e chain mail someone at aol.com from yahoo.com?
4 where is the highest period in japan?
5 How many fingers are used to draw a bow ?
4 What two Japanese cities are spelled with the letters K , O , O , T and Y ?
3 Who taught Matt Murdock to use his extraordinary abilities in Marvel comics ?
3 which oil company has almost chosen a word that means "closed motor vehicle" in japanese as its new international name?
3 What writer-journalist made his mark describing colorful Broadway and underworld characters ?
1 what is the most popular word of bridge?
0 How do hermit crabs reproduce ?
0 What is different about the red and black fox ?
3 who discovered imaginary numbers?
1 what name of white rum is still produced in cuba?
1 What 's the U.S. Navy hymn ?
4 which country buys 25 percent of global beverage exports?
5 how big is stuart little at beginning?
0 How does a scientific calculator work ?
5 what is the frequency of vhf?
1 in what movie was steven spielberg with hundestar the andiron the main character?
3 who was the founding member of the pink floyd dance band?
0 What can I do to get into an Ivy League school ?
3 who wrote "the night of the iguana"?
4 where can i find pictures of how to build a very simple tree building?
3 what was the name of the writer ross macdonald, the creator of the leader lew archer?
3 who played the role of godparent in the movie ``the godparent'?
5 what is the exchange pace for australian money for american money?
3 who told peter rose not to bet on games?
1 what kind of medium of exchange is used in china?
3 which president went on the jogging trail to improve his sporting image and, sports amount 39, almost collapsed during the race?
3 what was the transaction with the animated sky hawks?
2 What is the abbreviation of the company name ` General Motors ' ?
1 what's the name of the low press belt around the equator?
4 On which Hawaiian island is Pearl Harbor ?
5 how many framework does a disk camera make?
1 which 1976 deep throat clone supplies the leading actress with a second cartilaginous structure?
0 what is the meaning of the latin battle war cry: ad arma, ad arma.
4 which country do the nazis have for 1, cd nns in nnp nnp nnp nnp.
4 What North American city sprouts the most parking meters ?
5 how much money does every contestant get at the beginning of the game in monopoly?
1 which fiction inspired the film bladerunner?
0 how can i enforce new rules for a abstraction of young people who have been allowed to do what they want?
5 how many queen hymenopterous insect rule in a hive?
0 what is a portable pc?
0 why do pressure cooking utensil save time in the kitchen?
1 what kind of soft helping would get me the biggest caffeine?
0 what are some interesting fact and information about dog litter?
2 What does CNN stand for ?
1 what character of file does the extension.dbf have?
3 who was the first adult from person to person?
3 you're naming a south african diamond manufacturer?
3 what son of a 15 -year -old mexican girl and a half -irish father became the most famous greek in the natural object?
3 who's the richest man in the worldly concern without owning a business?
4 What four U.S. states have active volcanoes ?
1 What do you call a Poker hand with five cards of the same suit ?
1 what are some colorful flowers that will bloom in new england in season?
3 who invented the emptiness cleaner?
3 who invented the stethoscope?
4 What mountain range extends from the Gulf of St. Lawrence to Alabama ?
1 what visual property is an arctic fox in winter?
3 What does Larry King do for a living ?
5 What year was the NAACP founded ?
5 How many colored squares are there on a Rubik 's Cube ?
1 what films showed the imaginary being of popeye doyle?
1 What did British companies stick 175 , 0 tons of tea into in 1982 ?
0 How do you clean badly tarnished brass ?
1 what hollywood dog died in the branch of jean harlow in 1932?
0 How do you do a bibliography page ?
3 who portrayed the claim character in the day of the schakal?
4 what is the most populous city in the worldly concern?
1 what's the book by william styron about a black preacher leading a person uprising?
1 what's a fear of physical phenomenon?
1 Name four famous cartoon cats .
0 how to make the color chromatic color?
3 what singer got desperate over the death of freddie prince, left the display business and then left the business?
4 in which stadium do the miami dolphins play their residence games?
0 what's in child powder and child lotion that makes it smell like that?
3 who was the first american in distance?
3 Who sang the song `` Hooked on a Feeling '' in the dancing baby episode of `` Ally Mcbeal '' ?
3 Who was the last woman executed in England ?
5 When was the first practical commercial typewriter marketed ?
3 who's rocky's and bullwinkle's lost friend?
1 what was originally defined as one millionth of the distance from the equator to the terminal?
5 how many violin did old king cole have?
0 What is a tonne ?
0 why are there braille matter on the atms people drive through?
0 what are equity safety?
1 what was john f. kennedy's 1960s political campaign song?
0 how do you refer to a computer?
4 in which structure do the miami dolphins play their home games?
5 in what time period were the olympics played, in which nadia comaneci became popular?
1 What Triple Crown-winning horse took the 1973 Belmont Stakes by 31 lengths ?
4 which state contains the northernmost point of africa?
0 how do i find a municipality if i have the local code?
0 what is the milky way?
3 which u.s. government administrative unit registers brands?
1 what is the most popular four -player plot of all time?
0 What does `` Janelle '' mean ?
1 what is the change to the economy and government caused by bureaucracy?
3 what is the airline for professional traveler?
0 what is a traveler?
0 how do i know the exact meter of sunset for a particular day?
1 what was the language unit of the "little rascals" dog?
3 who built the first pyramid?
3 Name the various super-teams to which the Angel has belonged .
3 which two commanders executed the troops in the struggle of el alameina?
5 When was Richard Nixon born ?
3 who's snoopy with the arch enemy?
0 what are the lyric to the star spangled banner?
3 What fast-food magnate 's initials graced the left sleeve of the San Diego Padres ' baseball uniforms in 1984 ?
0 shea and gould closed their offices in los angeles for what cause?
5 when did the carolingian fundamental quantity begin?
0 how do you destroy bee that are in the walls of your house? will bee stay for the winter?
1 what is the most frequently cultivated building complex?
1 what did a 16th -century aztec contestant get for sticking a rubber ball through a ring?
0 what does the son camaro from the gm car, the camaro mean?
1 what are the most common elegance birds in the usa?
0 how to make a list with an unknown author?
1 what is a concern of punishment?
3 what savage and sick person wrote a book called cruel shoes?
0 what does camera -ready artwork mean?
3 who was the presiding officer of the international olympic committee at the 1936 summer games?
4 name the real property of giants twelve times the size of man in gulliver's travels.''
5 How many colonies did Germany get to keep after World War I ?
4 Where are zebras most likely found ?
3 which tv detective played craig stevens?
3 what english doctor was born in january 18, 1779 and created two important creativity?
1 name a product about the sioux indians with kevin costner.
1 what killer whale whale died of a fungal infection in sea world?
3 who built cars with rotary engines?
4 which european political unit are linked to the gran san bernardo pass?
3 who turned everything he touched into gold?
1 what is the best property to remove wallpaper?
3 who was shot in the back during a fire iron game in deadwood, dakota territory?
1 What film opens with an assassin tumbling from the Seattle Space Needle ?
5 When was Hurricane Hugo ?
1 what's your favorite visual property?
1 what category of animals are there in cambodia?
3 Who played the title role in I Was a Teenage Werewolf ?
3 who's the only speaker in silent movie?
5 how many times has harold stassen announced a drive to the white house?
4 What are the seven seas ?
1 what was the language unit of the computer in 2001: a space odyssey?
0 how do i find out which cities are in a given area written communication?
3 who coined the term nn cyberspace in his novel nn neuromancer?
1 What kind of patent did Ermal Fraze get in 1963 ?
1 what are the three animal in sheila burnford's the incredible journey?
4 which municipality is served by tempelhol airport?
0 what is the difference between a circuit board of directors and an advisory circuit board?
2 What does RCA stand for ?
4 what is the das kapital of italy?
0 how do you refer to a web site?
3 which actor and actor has made the most movies?
1 What color of dry wine should be served with veal roasts and chops ?
3 who said, "what despicable villain stole the cork from my meal?"
1 What disease plagued Europe , Africa and Asia ?
1 what kevin costner product did sioux indians play in?
4 which design is known as "the water bearer"?
4 What river runs through Liverpool ?
5 How long has L.L. Cool J. been married ?
0 How is ` qigong ' properly pronounced ?
1 what ice cream contains alga?
1 what historical psychological feature took place in dogtown in 1899?
0 what are the great differences in catholic and methodical religion?
5 what is the phenomenon of a real baseball game?
3 who is prince naseem hamed?
5 how old is the average age of a sawhorse?
1 what's the activity for drilling a hole in the skull to reach a higher consciousness?
3 who painted the sistine chapel?
3 who created big ben?
1 what astronomical phenomenon takes point in jan. 1999?
3 who said of super bowl iii in 1969 ```we win ``i guarantee it'''?
0 what is the nature of snow and how is the formation of snow different from that of crystal?
1 what publication does holden caulfield appear in?
5 how far can a man travel in distance?
0 What are the environmental influences on plant genetics ?
3 what italian leader has been afraid of the evil center for life?
3 what is the language unit of a greek god?
4 which california structure crossed don brown first in may 27, 1937?
3 what was randy steven craft's lawyer's language unit?
0 What does the name Jenna mean ?
3 what role did john peter zenger play in the development of the press in america?
0 Why do USA fax machines not work in UK , NNP ?
4 what were the first bodies visited by spacecraft?
1 what do camel store in their humps?
1 what are the three way in which wind rises on earth?
5 how many syllables are there in a serial of hendekalartic poetry?
1 what is a technique that is often used to detect beginning defects?
0 what does hamchief justice like steak chief justice do?
3 who was confucius?
0 what is the origin of endangered species?
3 who patented the first record contestant?
5 where is the us among the countries of the worldly concern in the region?
0 what is the origin of the word ``newsworthiness'?
3 Who was William Henry Harrison ?
0 why are there braille things on the atms people drive through?
4 what are tourist force in reims?
0 what is a turnkey written agreement?
5 How much does it cost to have a tree planted by dialing , 900 , 740-TREE ?
1 from which paper was the extremity of the xvi. ==references ====external links ==
0 why don't us fax device work in the uk, nnp?
0 What 's the last line of Dickens 's A Christmas Carol ?
4 which city is the starting component for climbing mount everest?
3 who is the author of the book, "the iron lady: a biography of margaret thatcher"?
1 What beer advertised that it had `` three rings '' ?
4 what island has a parking lot called the battery on the southern tip?
4 what country used the plane as a weapon of military action against the turks in libya?
5 When was cigarette advertising banned on television and radio ?
1 what's the fastest pisces in the world?
3 who won the 1967 academy award for best actor?
3 what is the full name of the man who invented the colourful die that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations?
1 Name the 5 words that use all of the letters in the alphabet , except Q , with no repeats .
5 When was the Hoover Dam constructed ?
5 how much is the regular value?
0 how do i know the exact time of hour for a particular day?
1 what is the celtic symbol for ``biography''?
0 what is the main use of metallic element hydrosulphite?
1 Which mammal lives , breeds , eats , and sleeps underground ?
5 how long do space live?
1 What 's the only color Johnny Cash wears on stage ?
0 What is the filmmakers collabrative ?
5 What is the first day of the week ?
1 what is the recipe or recipe for coca -cola?
1 what activity is fatal for someone over 21?
1 what is the most popular contact optical device color?
0 what nuclear process takes place in an h -bomb?
4 what are some collection websites?
2 What 's the abbreviation for limited partnership ?
4 What is the fastest growing state in the U.S.A. in 1998 ?
0 what qualifications are there for group who donate blood?
0 How does a parachute work ?
5 what are the numbers that fit in fermont's last prison term?
1 what five -time kentucky derby achiever lost his first 25 -race?
1 which cats followed tweety pie in his first cartoon operation?
0 what causes mouth lesion?
3 which player sits on average three times during a double head ball game?
3 who lives on 39th stone canyon way?
5 When were camcorders introduced in Malaysia ?
1 what is a fear of imperfection?
5 How many times in his 16-year National Basketball Associaton career was John Havlicek a member of the all-star team ?
5 how many url extensions are there? and what are they?
1 what are the three structure in which wind rises on earth?
4 where do i find the diagram for the windshield wiper?
3 what japanese electronics company was named after a coastal municipality northeast of tokyo?
1 are you referring to a technique widely used to detect birth blemish?
1 what is a emotion of ruin?
4 what russian municipality boasts of the hermitage museum?
4 which u.s. state boundary illinois in the north?
4 which country is the origin of the band the creeps?
1 what was the first tv with a remote control?
1 what were the names of the three ship used by columbus?
5 How many people died on South Carolina highways in 1998 ?
0 what is the quality between a preface and a preface?
4 what east -mail addreastss doeasts dreastw barrymoreast haveast?
5 How long does it take different materials to decompose ?
3 who reports the weather on the good morning america tv show?
2 what do the letter zip in the sentence "zip code" mean?
3 who made the deodorant that says it actually builds resistance to smell?
3 who wrote the red badge of courage?
1 what is the fastest moving creature in the natural object, birds, mammals, etc.?
4 which latin american state is the largest?
5 how many years ago did the vessel titanic sink?
3 which actor and actress has made the most movie?
1 what is the international radio son for the letter f?
1 what are the seven curiosity of the world?
1 who were john f. kennedy and the dogs?
5 how much did lucy van pelt originally charge for psychiatric seance?
1 what are the name of the historical trials after the second world war?
0 how did the united states acquire an empire after the spanish -american military action?
3 who is the director of the international group called the human genome organization (hugo), which wants to coordinate gene mathematical relation research worldwide?
3 What is Michael Jackson 's father 's name ?
3 who invented ball game?
3 What author of the Days of Our Lives Cookbook signed on in 198 as Liz Chandler in TV 's Days of Our Lives ?
1 what molecules are fluorine, sodium and metallic element?
5 what is the average property of a paleontologist?
1 what commodity on the market is good to hide facial scars?
0 what personality attribute should capricons have?
0 what problem have contributed to the high rate of flat -rate farmers' failure in the 1800s?
0 how do you send a film writing to hollywood so it can be produced in a movie?
0 what is a portable pc?
1 which spices do the cook pay the most for?
5 How many wives did Brigham Young have ?
0 what are the valdez principle?
4 which country has the highest per capita consumption of dairy product?
5 what year was the product published?
1 what are the development time period of a swimmer?
0 What does verdandi mean ?
3 what president served five time of life, six months and two days?
1 what are the component of coca -cola?
5 how many liters of rouge does it take to rouge the golden gate bridge?
5 how long do the cardinal hatch?
1 which side should a bowler hit the 3 -pin left or right with a orientation to a 37803 split?
1 in which tennessee williams plays, is one of the characters killed and devoured by a gang of starving juvenile?
5 how many bottles of wine were allowed in the bastille per time unit?
1 the novel by robert louis stevenson was inspired by deacon william brodie, a furniture builder by day and burglar by time period?
0 How do you make panoramic sugar eggs for Easter - the ones with the scene inside ?
1 what is the first publication of the old testament?
3 who owns the abstraction to a tv program?
5 What 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?
3 which major league baseball team has set the best criminal record to win between 1957 and 1983?
5 what are the dimension of pearl necklaces?
1 what musical legal document did sherlock holmes play?
5 When did Mount St. Helen last have a significant eruption ?
3 who was the daughter in peter sellers' soup?
4 Where did Hillary Clinton graduate college ?
3 what kind of former cabinet penis ronald reagan called federal policy towards the indians an example of the failure of socialism?
0 What causes the redness in your cheeks when you blush ?
3 What spy novelist served as Moscow correspondent for Reuter and The Times of London ?
3 Name a ballet company Mikhail Baryshnikov has danced for ?
3 What son of a 15-year-old Mexican girl and a half-Irish father became the world 's most famous Greek ?
0 What does camera-ready art mean ?
4 What Scandinavian country covers 173 , 732 square miles ?
3 what was the language unit of randy craft's lawyer?
1 which english word has the most letter?
5 What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
0 Where did the term fireplug come from ?
3 which actor dressed up as santa claus and had an affair once a year with the actress shelley winters every christmas for many time of life?
5 how many records does each player have in a four -handed plot of crokinole?
0 what is the daily condition for folic acid for a mother -to -be?
0 how do you find the sphere of a circle?
3 who invented the broadcasting?
1 what is the name of the cartoons dialogue lap?
3 Who was the star witness at the Senate Watergate hearings ?
0 how do you tell your genitor you're dating an older man?
0 how can i find someone's phone number if i only know their electronic mail address?
1 which bodily process has bigger thighs?
1 What game 's board shows the territories of Irkutsk , Yakutsk and Kamchatka ?
1 what does the application called cold fusion produce?
5 When did Hitler come to power in Germany ?
4 which way do most baseball musician hit?
1 what powder soft swallow mix went into space?
3 who owns the rights to a tv program?
0 What is barnstorming ?
1 What 's the highest possible bid in Contract Bridge ?
1 what non -alcoholic syrup is made from pomegranate foodstuff?
2 What do the letters CE stand for on so many products , particularly electrical , purchased now ?
5 in what time period did hitler gain power over germany?
4 what was the birthplace of edgar allen poe?
0 what is the origin of beauty in the center of the beholder?
1 what 1964 product was the song my kind of town?
4 where is the office of microsoft?
0 how does light move through the void of distance when there is no medium for it ``wave''or ``pulse'.
3 who was the first u.s. president of the united states?
5 how many equal sides are there on a scale wrack?
3 what democratic antic ball dragged the train out of the station while richard nixon was talking about caboose?
4 which country saw the origin of the asian influenza?
4 Which country did Hitler rule ?
4 what are the nordic state?
3 What President 's favorite Biblical quotation was : `` Come now , and let us reason together '' .
5 how long does a andiron sleep?
2 What is the full form of .com ?
0 what caused the postponement of the 25th annual conference of the united nations general assembly?
5 how many associate are in the california congressional delegation?
4 which country was brian boru, king of the xi? ==references ==
3 which expert of the national basketball association told his story in giant steps?
2 what is the form of the national bureau of investigation?
5 how many calories are there in soy sauce sauce?
3 Who did Richard Nixon tender his resignation to ?
1 what did the englishman john hawkins sell to new world settler in 1562?
0 what is the english message of caliente?
4 which political unit has problems with hooligans?
5 what is the world's people now?
3 who are the two son of ozzie and harriet nelson?
3 which president also became a supreme court adjudicator?
1 which cats followed tweety pie in his first wit performance?
0 how can i find someone's electronic communication address on the internet?
5 what is the average number of hours of american person?
1 what's the term for someone who hates humaneness?
1 what is the hungarian son for pepper?
0 why don't you have some kind of competition where you ask a question and who finds the statement wins a prize?
0 What is a philanthropist ?
1 what tv display displays the adventures of a couple named jonathan and jennifer?
5 how much energy is released when chemical element and hydrogen are mixed?
1 What color is most often used to symbolize truth ?
5 in what year did hitler gain might over germany?
4 where can i find scientific data, research papers, artifact technology?
1 what shampoo prevents eczema, skin disease and psoriasis?
1 what was the name of the mayan game equipment game?
3 who was the first woman in space?
0 what is the explanation of spamming?
3 what u.s. senator ever played court game for the new york knicks?
5 how many canine pull a sled in an idiot's den?
1 What musical instrument did Prewitt play in James Jones 's From Here to Eternity ?
3 which russian composer's prelude in c sharp minor brought him fame and phenomenon?
1 what is the collective matter for geese?
0 Why are there letters on the telephone ? Why are there no Q or Z ?
3 name a dog cartoon fictional character except huckleberry hound to have a voice of daws butler.
3 Who replaced Bert Parks as the host of The Miss America Pageant ?
5 When was CNN 's first broadcast ?
0 what exactly is the goal of the anteater?
0 What 's the state motto of California ?
1 what is the mark name of daminozid?
4 what's the name of the highest mountain in the worldly concern?
5 when did adult first land on the moon?
4 what are the five richest countries in the worldly concern?
1 what know-how are used to regulate monopolies?
4 which political unit saw the origin of the asian flu?
4 kosovo is a province of what political unit?
0 How do they get Teflon to stick to the pan ?
3 which us president were masons?
5 How many Americans have HIV ?
1 what mammal biography, breeds, eats and sleeps underground?
3 which of the multitude did not receive a 1983 ``superior mother award''from the national mother's day committee?
1 what british television serial inspired all in the family?
1 what craft requires you to combine your warp and gun?
3 Who is the premier of China ?
3 Who wrote the poem that starts `` I love your lips when they 're wet with wine and red with a warm desire '' ?
5 how many cable support the main chain of the golden gate bridge?
0 What is the text of the Fifth Amendment ?
1 what's the high sound you hsense organ in your sense organ now and then, but then it disappsense organs after a while?
1 what was the name of the protestant resistance against the supremacy of the pope?
3 What Japanese manufacturer is known for both its pianos and its motorcycles ?
0 how did lee harvey oswald buy his gunman?
4 which political unit has the largest sheep population?
1 name the five speech that use all the letters in the alphabet, except q, without repetitions.
1 what are other ways, stretching airstrip other than pregnancy, weight loss and weight loss?
0 what causes panic operation?
3 who holds the career record for most major league home plate runs?
1 what is the longest english word that can be made with only the first row of culture on a typewriter?
1 what do flat pisces eat?
3 who was in death of a salesman original movie, not 1985?
3 What department store heir is responsible for raising a three-ton safe from the underwater wreckage of the Andrea Doria ?
4 what administrative district in the gulf of mexico has its lowest point five feet below sea level?
1 italy is the biggest maker of what?
5 in what year was the actor joan collins born?
1 what's the first killer in the developed worldly concern?
4 kosovo is a province of what state?
0 how do i tie color apparel?
3 who is the director and editor program of the movie big with tom hanks?
1 what was the top box office product in april 1998?
3 Name the poet of the poem which begins : I do not know much about gods ; but I think that the river Is a strong brown god-sullen , and untamed ?
4 which tokyo thoroughfare shines with famous department stores and nightclubs?
3 which radio, tv and movie characters played jackie gleason and william bendix?
1 what's the language unit of a young fox?
5 what was the british people of 1699 -172?
1 what category of training do you need to become a sports trainer for the nfl?
3 what fib did the football coach tell in the movie run to daylight?
3 who is known as "the oldest juvenile in the world"?
4 what attracts traveler in reims?
1 what tv entertainment did many of his aquatic scenes see in silver springs, florida?
3 What is the name of the woman who was with John Belushi when he died ?
3 What part did John Peter Zenger play in the deveopment of the newspaper in America ?
3 What hard-of hearing artist painted Sunflowers ?
1 what is the largest plastic art in the world?
1 what are the names of all u.s. navy carrier wave?
1 which animal was the heat -seeking projectile after which the sidewinder was named?
5 how many astronauts have been on the satellite?
5 how many country did richard nixon have in 1972?
3 what title does the comedian henry youngman call?
1 what network game sees the worldly concern champions of amateur champions receiving the uber cup?
4 where can i find information on inquiry into oilseeds through genetics?
3 which texas surgeon performed the first artificial center transplant?
3 United Nations agency's the only man United Nations agency's won the olympic ten -game twice?
1 Stuart Hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of what ?
1 what is the chemical mathematical statement for napalm?
3 who was the famous movable barrier -to -movable barrier brusher?
5 what's the day of bastille day?
0 what is the lineage of the christmas tree?
0 how do i find a board website?
5 how much caffeine is in a 16 -ounce container of coffee?
0 what rights do i have in a cable car show in california?
0 how did the possession develop in russia and then leave?
1 What are dinosaur droppings called ?
0 what does the number 33 on the beer vessel of rolling rock mean?
3 who patented the first criminal record player?
5 at what time of year is air ecstasy the hardest?
1 what beer tells us, ```` grab all the relish you can get.''no.
3 what indian tribe fights f -troop all the meter?
4 which latin american political unit is the largest?
0 what is the origin of the son ``mushroom''?
1 what is the most common element in the star?
1 what does warner bros. call an airless fool?
0 how can i stop background noise in a reproducer system?
1 what is the name of the largest hydropower building complex in china?
0 What are the distinct physical characterstics of the Arabian horse ?
5 how old is the average age of a team member United Nations agency worked on the manhattan project?
4 What is the largest shopping mall in the world ?
5 how many question injuries do you get every year when you're skating?
1 what was the name of the orca that died of a fungal ill health?
1 which old kids''fare did tv guide author jeff greenfield call one of the most subversive tv shows in american past''?
5 how many adult did brigham young have?
1 what bombardment of 1966 has brought astronaut back in prehistoric times?
3 who was the famous doorway -to -doorway brusher?
0 what's the story with the hair appliance?
1 what does the method acting "cold fusion" create?
3 what is nicholas cage's occupational group?
5 When was Queen Victoria born ?
5 how many time period does the moon take to turn around the earth?
0 what's the difference between hair and animal skin?
1 what ability has the silk -boron -mat lost by tameness?
0 what is the nature of coke and how is the formation of coke different from that of ice?
4 which state produces the best lobster for meal?
0 What is a cake of soap ?
4 What two South American countries do n't border Brazil ?
3 who invented the vacuum cleansing agent?
0 why are there no white lines on pro contact sport?
5 how many lifting device do you drive to reach the top floor of the empire state building?
4 where were most of the archosaur remains found?
0 how is abigail arcane related to the evil opponent of the wetland?
1 What is the fastest commercial automobile that can be bought in the US ?
5 how many work unit are there in soy sauce?
3 who was the first black charwoman in the folies bergeres?
2 what does vcr stand for?
4 what is the smallest political unit in africa?
0 what fitness are there for people who donate blood?
3 who invented the lawn mower?
3 who was the first woman to walk the linear unit in less than 4 36893 minutes?
3 who was the first black artist to have his own tv show?
5 what year is the gold medal of excellence presented by the paris exhibition on a can of campbell's solanaceous vegetable soup?
3 which architect comes from the glass house designed by the chicago federal center had a doctrine of "less is more", "and produced plans that were the forerunner of the california ranch house".
4 where does barney rubble go to activity after dropping fred off in the "flintstones" cartoon series?
1 what video format was an option to vhs?
3 what is the highest political place of business of the soviet communist party?
4 which asian gulf were the destroyer that maddox and c turner shot joy at?
3 the language unit of the scholar whose literal translations depended on the chinese and japanese ezra pound?
0 how did the tradition of the best adult begin?
1 What disease is the second-biggest killer of North Americans ?
0 what is the nature of coke and how is the formation of coke different from that of ice?
0 what does camera -ready art average?
5 when did the american civil war goal?
5 what is the average financial gain of top 10%, top 5%, and top 1%?
5 how many stones did the columbia space shuttle lose on the second formation?
0 what does "extended definition" mean and how would you write a material on it?
1 what category of dinner was invented in 1916 at the george jung noodle factory in los angeles?
4 which u.s. state lived under six flag?
3 who was the first king of england?
3 which company functions the unknown faces of its celebrity speakers to promote the function of its product?
4 which state is the world's largest importer of cognac?
1 what's the name of the tiger who throws corn eccentric for frost eccentric?
0 What are binomial coefficients ?
0 What was an `` Asiento '' ?
5 how many flag were there in the 1940s called donald duck rubber boat?
3 who built the first successful roller resident?
0 what does "extended explanation" mean and how would you write a paper on it?
3 who was shot in the back during a poker game in deadwood, dakota territory?
0 what's the cashmere difficulty?
3 Who was the first English circumnavigator of the globe ?
3 rotary motor cars were manufactured by what ship's company?
3 what indian kin fights f -troop all the time?
1 what kind of pop has the most caffeine?
3 who followed their first two underwater thrillers with the woman of the sea of cortez?
1 What are the four most widely-used languages in North America ?
0 why were multitude recruited for the vietnam war?
4 where can i find information on research into oilseeds through biology?
0 What is paracetamol ?
3 which radio, tv and product characters played jackie gleason and william bendix?
0 what's the quality between snow and ice?
5 how many guys play the activity in winslow homer's 1872 painting snap the whip?
0 what is the message of the name ella?
3 what stupid but lovable character did maurice gosfield play on phil silver's display?
0 Why do airliners crash vs. gliding down ?
0 what is the origin of the first language unit breony?
1 what color is the cross on the swiss emblem?
1 What did 8 , CD NNS VBP TO VB NNP POS NN .
0 What is the origin of the rock band Led Zeppelin 's name ?
1 what interesting method was used to run the credits in the early popeye wit?
1 what bowling plot started as an east -west competition between michigan and stanford in the 192's?
2 What is AFS ?
3 what famous meat ship's company went out of business because it became known that the underworld sold them kangaroo meat?
1 what nutrients are for healthy bones and set?
3 who invented the plot of bowling?
4 what are the name of all the seas in the world and in what ocean do they flow?
0 what are the conditions for becoming a national of australia?
4 where can an individual test a contact optical device that burned the entire eye surface when it is new?
0 what is the lineage of the word "sideburn"?
3 which generator of the "days of our lives cookbook" participated in the "days of our lives" in 198's as liz chandler?
5 how many hour were there on the original ge college bowl clock?
5 How many stars are there in Big Dipper ?
1 name a outdoor game course in myrtle beach.
0 why do you call a ground beef a ground beef when there's no ham?
3 who asked the musical question ```````````````have you ever been on the electric ladies' land?''
5 how many different kind of ice cream are there?
3 what italian drawing card has been afraid of the evil eye for life?
0 how can i trace my family etymon?
0 why do people get callus?
5 how old is the natural object?
3 what character does the gem island tell?
5 How many Beanie Baby sites are there ?
3 name the two male who were rescued by the animated moby dick.
1 what infectious illness kills most people worldwide?
3 Who shot and killed himself while painting Wheatfield with Crows ?
0 how is credit card made?
0 What exactly is radiation ?
3 in the movie groundshog day, what's the language unit of andie macdowell's character?
1 what do you call a group of anseriform bird?
3 who is the french literary fictional character who is mainly famous for his enormous nose?
3 who made the deodorant that says it actually builds action to odors?
0 how to make the easter feast panoramic sugar foodstuff that with the scene inside?
1 what do the opposite faces of a frontal bone always mean?
3 do you call the company that used the line ```even your best friend will not say ``in his promotion'?
0 What is the difference between a bottle and a jar ?
3 which company started making cakes and ended up throwing plastic artifact?
5 in what year did degas create the bronze sculpture, ``````````fourth position front?''
1 what magazine gives us the cream, not the fund?
5 what time period of the year is there no tv in iceland?
0 how can i find online spelling and evaluation exercises for my sixth grader?
1 what was the biggest factor in keeping north american car off the streets during world war ii?
1 what album did the beatles put on the cover of time in 1967?
0 how can i find information about grain importers in the world?
4 what are the seven body of water?
0 what is a building complex supplement?
1 what letter does gorbachev's middle language unit begin with?
4 which three european countries begin with document a?
0 what does the term 3 mean for a press editor?
5 how long do you have to repay debts after claiming chapter 11 bankruptcy?
3 which communicator of the "days of our lives cookbook" participated in the "days of our lives" in 198's as liz chandler?
1 what's the name for physical phenomenon that make rain?
5 How many cullions does a male have ?
3 In the movie Groundshog Day what is the name of the character played by Andie MacDowell ?
0 What makes a tornado turn ?
0 What is InterLata Internet service ?
0 how can group from ireland come to the us, work and then return to ireland?
0 how does a wimp breathe in an egg?
1 what's the best drink to quench your drive?
3 which actor learned to play saxophone and speak russian for a function in a movie?
1 what about the policeman in the canadian monopoly issue?
1 what is the most popular sports cable car color?
1 what helps the first -aid merchandise ````stop the pain''''''?
3 what did andy hardy do for a animation with his father?
4 What country was Sir Edmund Hillary born in ?
1 what kind of skill is cosmology?
1 which card are bullets?
3 United Nations agency was the king United Nations agency signed the magna carta?
5 how much cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the atmosphere outside?
0 how does a poultry breathe in an egg?
1 what is the language unit of the american literary era, which includes 1896?
5 The film `` Jaws '' was made in what year ?
1 what category of cornflakes does snap, crackle, pop do?
3 which u.s. vice corporate executive once said, "if you've seen a slum, you've seen them all"?
3 who wrote the lyrics to porgy and bess?
4 where can i take a experiment that tells me what to be when i grow up?
0 What is a leper ?
3 can you name a ballet ship's company mikhail baryshnikov danced for?
3 What American League baseball team 's worst finish between 1926 and 1964 was fourth ?
0 how can i find information about rice businessperson in the world?
0 What is the S&P 500 used for ?
5 what is the result of a real baseball activity?
1 what four atmosphere can a person distinguish?
3 which of the following important person started his show -biz career as a discjockey?
3 what's the name of the indian who became prime minister by beating mrs. gandhi in the 1977 vote?
3 What 2th-century fictional character attends Pencey Prep School ?
1 what is the treatment of depressive disorder?
1 what astronomical phenomenon takes home in jan. 1999?
5 when was the combustion locomotive developed?
0 How you can raise your IQ ?
1 what was the language unit of the horse that fell on queen elizabeth, prince albert's wife?
0 what is the main reason why electric conveyance cannot be popular nowadays?
5 How long does it take to hike the entire Appalachian Trail ?
4 what satellite would you visit to see bebrenia, arcadia and amazons?
3 what deaf creator painted sunflowers?
4 which country is located in 13 -degree union -latitude and 10 -degree east -length?
0 what do players try to do when the auditory communication stops in a game of auditory communicational chairs?
4 In which state are the Mark Twain National Forests ?
5 what are the average hour per month spent by aol users online?
3 Who played Maria in the film West Side Story ?
1 what is the period on the letter i mentioned?
1 what are other structure, stretching strips other than pregnancy, weight loss and weight loss?
1 what's the fastest calculator?
3 Who took over as conductor of the Boston Pops after Arthur Fiedler 's long reign ?
4 what are the biggest breweries in the worldly concern?
3 what network whipped its sports programs on inga nielsen's consistency in 197?
1 what killer whale died of a fungal contagion in sea world?
3 What painter popularized soup cans and Brillo soap pad boxes ?
1 Which sex is twice as likely to contract leprosy ?
3 what is the name of the pop singer whose song became the title song for a kind of condiment?
4 what are the three most populated political unit in the world?
3 What singer sings `` Oh Boy '' ?
4 which u.s. state boasts stone mountain, the worldly concern's largest mass of exposed granite?
5 what is the percentage of children two to eleven time of life old who watch the simpsons?
4 where can i obtain data on the importer of cotton textiles?
3 who was the key witness at the watergate senate hearings?
0 what do i have to do to get good mark at school?
4 Kosovo is a province of what country ?
0 what impression does a prism have on the light?
4 what category of botanical miracle has nebuchadnezzar built?
5 What date did man first land on the moon ?
3 which woman has carried most parturition, twins, triplets etc.?
0 what is the secret of the population?
3 who runs hitler with the infamous gestapo?
5 How fast must a spacecraft travel to escape Earth 's gravity ?
3 what research worker was iberia's pilot?
1 what color is most commonly used to symbolize the fact?
0 How do I know how much money to save for retirement ?
5 how many british pound are there in one stone?
5 When was Nostradamus born ?
0 what category of greeting is appropriate to send on yom kippur?
3 What female painter produced primitives of rural New England life ?
3 who founded a viking colony in greenland, say, 985?
5 how many murders and defamation have there been in the united states since 1865?
0 how to become a medical practitioner?
5 how many states have a "lemon jurisprudence" for new cars?
0 what is the goal of the sysrq key on my computer keyboard?
0 what causes the inflammation in your cheeks when you blush?
5 how much did a mcdonald's hamburger monetary value in 1963?
3 what costume couturier decided that michael jackson should only wear one glove?
4 where can i find data about forced auctions on the internet?
4 What African capital is named for a U.S. president ?
5 in what year did the bounty rebellion happen?
5 how many websites are there in the worldly concern?
5 how many megawatts will a consortium -led undertaking of mission energy of us produce in indonesia?
0 how does a parachute employment?
4 where on the internet can i get data about the fifth amendment to the american bill of rights?
4 what e -mail savoir-faire does drew barrymore have?
0 in the song "yankee doodle", why did yankee doodle put a feather in his headdress and call it macaroni?
5 How many inches tall is Stuart Little at birth ?
4 where does a footgame equipment player have to stand to handle the game equipment?
3 who did dita beard work for?
1 what bowling activity started as an east -west competition between michigan and stanford in the 192's?
1 What songs were popular in 1948 ?
1 what's the language unit of the canadian public tv children's show with the singing pineapple?
0 what is a virtual ip savoir-faire?
0 what is the origin of the language unit ``mind''?
3 Who was the lawyer who represented Randy Steven Craft ?
1 What 's an infant seal called ?
5 in what year was the first patent for the pull tab opener obtained on buttocks?
1 what four -legged organism has a cornell university study said that it would make humans the best companion in space?
3 what italian person has been afraid of the evil eye for life?
0 What is form drag ?
5 how many lawyers are there in the administrative district of new jersey?
0 what is the difference between a board of administrator and an advisory board?
3 which president was the first congressman to sign up after the fire on pearl harbor?
0 what is the evidence that domestic plant metabolize carcinogens?
1 what european contest sees the winner of the mountain stage with a shirt with big red points?
3 who is the musician of ``canon in d major''?
3 what argentinean revolutionist fought castro and died in may, 1979?
1 what category of animals were in the paleozoic era?
1 What were popular songs and types of songs in the 1920s ?
1 which performer was not produced directly from pulp magazines?
5 what are the monetary value of the round trip between new york and london with concorde?
5 how's the fundamental quantity today?
4 what kind of a sound did olympia miss, washington?
1 what was the ruin of many poor son in new orleans?
0 how can i stop background noise in a stereo instrumentality?
3 what long -time activity organizer died jogging in central park in 1984?
5 what percentage of conductor production is carried out by independent conductor smelters?
0 how do you find the area of a lap?
0 what is the lineage of thanksgiving?
0 what is the origin of the term ``buffalo wings'', which is used as a menu item in bars throughout the nation for wimp in a spicy sauce?
5 What percentage of Americans own their homes ?
0 what does the son "meta" mean?
4 where on the internet can i find a song database similar to the international lyrics waiter?
0 why do recipe publication recommend to start with cold water when cooking something?
0 How can I get a comic character I made copyrighted and published ?
4 what big u.s. city had the highest murder magnitude relation for 1988?
3 in dana's two years before the mast, which skilled worker lived in an abandoned furnace on the beach of san diego?
1 what's wrong with a world who suffers from diphalic terata?
3 What organization was founded by the Rev. Jerry Falwell ?
0 What is the history of yo-yos ?
3 what is the best distance learning body or body?
1 who was the first animal in attribute?
1 the first queen of the football activity was hallie woods?
4 which country has the highest per capita pulmonary tuberculosis of cheese?
4 what are the capitals of the two major country occupying the iberian peninsula in europe?
5 how many year has sleeping beauty slept?
4 what is the largest u.s. state cardinal compass point of the mississippi?
3 when i was asked to surrender, the american general officer replied, "sir, i have not yet begun to fight."
1 What is the term for the side of the mountain that faces the prevailing winds ?
1 what is the complete grouping of a female bug?
0 Where did the name root beer come from ?
4 where can i find a tilt of all companies in america that offer a direct stock purchase plan?
3 What architect originated the glass house designed the Chicago Federal Center had a philosophy of `` less is more , '' and produced plans that were the forerunner of the California ranch house ?
0 How does crosstalk relate to InSb thickness in infrared detectors ?
3 what do you call causal agent who likes fire?
5 what is the physical property of a teaspoon matter in a black hole?
1 Which sex is denied voting rights in Kuwait ?
1 what semblance are the walls of the kremlin?
3 which politics or politics authorities are responsible for dealing with racism?
0 what are some interesting facts and information about canine litter?
1 what is the longest running television ordering?
1 what household contains a flute ball, a ball penis and an overflow pipe?
4 which countries have the highest symmetry of university students?
3 who played the parent on "charles in charge"?
3 name the food company that has traveled to soviet georgia to film a series of promotion.
1 what swallow contains as many types of rum as possible?
4 What was the tallest building in America in 1922 ?
3 which actor dressed up as santa claus and had an affair once a year with the actress shelley winters every christmas for many year?
1 What star-faring race brought about the Inhumans on Marvel 's Earth ?
4 what is one of the municipality in which the university of minnesota is located?
3 woodrow wilson was president of what body?
4 where can i find pictures of how to build a very simple tree sign of the zodiac?
3 What U.S. senator once played basketball for the New York Knicks ?
0 how do you write mla expressive style bibliographies for an internet source?
1 what "supernaturalism" does mandrake use?
5 how old is the average age of a team associate who worked on the manhattan project?
5 what seven integer follow the territorial code in the number for remote information?
4 what asian political unit was once enthusiastic about the sport of cricket fighting?
3 Which Doonesbury character was likely to turn into a werewolf ?
5 how many head injury do you get every year when you're skating?
4 what is the longest suspension bridge in the worldly concern?
4 what are the names of the tourist attraction in reims?
4 which countries have the best mathematics students?
3 Who banned Peter Rose from baseball for betting on games ?
1 What is the electronic device used to produce visual displays corresponding to electric signals ?
3 what body did dikembe mutombo play basketball in?
3 who wrote dublin's?
3 Who invented television ?
5 in what year did china and the republic of korea establish diplomatic sexual intercourse?
1 what did the writer john milton lose and win back?
0 what is the difference between chip and microcontrollers?
0 What is Linux ?
5 how long before your rake makes a complete journey through the body?
4 What celestial body has a diameter of 864 , 000 miles ?
4 what country is fort knox in?
1 what is the hungarian word for capsicum?
0 What is the origin of the expression `` four-letter word '' ?
4 Where was Tesla born ?
3 What hockey player did Ronald Reagan joke he would swap Texas for ?
4 Where can I find free piano scores for popular music ?
0 why do some people have two different semblance?
4 which political unit share the khyber pass?
0 how can i transport record from one computer to another?
1 which stern of the animal is called brush?
3 Who were the 1974 Oscar winners ?
1 what are the celestial body made of?
5 how much money can you pay if you have a canine on the beach?
4 which southeast asian political unit has the wang river connecting the ping river to tak?
0 Why do pressure cookers save time in the kitchen ?
1 What 's the largest U.S. agricultural crop by weight ?
0 what makes the natural object shiver at cold temperatures?
2 What does IQ stand for ?
1 What harmful chemicals are in bug spray ?
3 what famous tv talk show host was a lay marauder when he was seventeen?
0 what is the deviation between carelessness and carelessness?
0 what is the spectrum of a sine curvature?
5 in what year was the first patent for the pull tab undoer obtained on cans?
3 which architect comes from the glass house designed by the chicago federal center had a philosophy of "less is more", "and produced design that were the forerunner of the california ranch house".
3 who stopped making journal written record about may 31, 1669 because he thought he was going blind?
4 where did sergeant steel get his metal extremity?
4 what is the code of the head office of the government in rome, italy?
1 What is the dot on an the letter i called ?
3 name the person world health organization burst through the screen in the lite beer commercial.
4 what circumstance full of milk and honey was the target in the grapes of wrath?
5 how many dollars a time unit did arthur frommer say you can survive in europe in 1968's?
1 what harmful chemical are in bugspray?
1 what is "little red car" mentioned in the pop singer prince's feat song?
1 in what belief was isis the goddess of nature?
3 who created the comic "garfield"?
1 what keeps clouds in the atmosphere?
1 what kind of hunting are retriever used for?
5 when did the use of the medical instrument first appear in medical history?
4 Where can I find the history of the Taiwanese language ?
4 what country surrounds san marino, the smallest republic in the natural object?
0 what is the coppertop barrage?
0 Why are organ transplants more successful today ?
1 which press paid ernest hemingway $15 a word to write a bullfight article?
1 which luggage series is named after a famous american aviator?
0 how is a chemical element bomb different from a nuclear bomb?
1 what animal ate with a carpenter on bread and bivalve?
3 Who sings the themes for `` Dawson 's Creek '' and `` Felicity '' ?
1 what shakespeare piece begins with the line: ````` now is the season of our discontent..''''?
5 when did the activity of the syringe first appear in medical history?
0 how is thalassemia defined?
1 what story does morality have: ````who wants everything gets relative quantity''''?
0 What is Win Rah ?
5 When was Beethoven born ?
1 What is a fear of sourness ?
3 who plays the cop in the product kindergarten cop?
0 what is a bone kernel transplant?
3 What television network flogged its sports programming on Inga Nielsen 's body in 197 ?
1 what boris pasternak book sells 5,0 copies to the literary composition bestseller of 1958?
0 how do you find out what can be claimed as a subsidiary magnitude relation for income tax purposes?
1 what household contains a woodwind ball, a ball cock and an overflow pipe?
3 what is the most common nickname of the u.s. college contact sport teams?
0 what is the quality and advantages of choosing a super vhs vcr compared to a normal vhs model?
1 what product is for children and not for stupid rabbit?
3 which chorus boy joined the andrews sisters for pistol packin mama?
1 Name the ship Beany and Cecil sailed .
3 Who was the first actress to appear on a postage stamp ?
5 how long does human physical condition last?
0 what is the children's song rock -a -by baby about?
5 how many celestial body are on the flag of the soviet union?
4 which north american city grows the most parking clock?
1 What movie tour of the Roman empire features the admonition : `` Row well and live '' ?
3 who said, "soldiers win the battles and generals get the glory?"
5 How many disks does each player have in a four-handed game of Crokinole ?
0 how do they lift the grus when building high -rise buildings?
0 what do the name neil, mary and anthony mean?
1 what are some discipline projects for eighth graders?
1 what is a concern of pregnancy?
1 what kind of pisces is a cone?
0 how do i get a complete list of all the multitude living under the last name kilvington?
5 how much of the earth's airfoil is permanently frozen?
1 what's the traditional helping in the kentucky derby?
5 how many people have the united nations committed itself to supporting the historic period of order and the distribution of humanitarian aid in somalia in september 1992?
3 which politics of the president called on the americans to explore the new frontier?
3 who is the author of the publication, "the iron lady: a biography of margaret thatcher"?
0 Why are there no white lines on pro footballs ?
3 who made the deodorant that says it actually builds resistance to odors?
1 what field mutant does the dentist william beers have a standard book of rules for?
1 What is another word for diet ?
4 which is the fifth largest political unit in the world?
1 which household products are available for adult inflammatory disease?
4 What city is served by Logan International Airport ?
4 what is the highest peak in the world?
5 how big is the arctic recourse to maintain unique wildlife and wildlife value on alaska's northern coast?
1 What film was based on the play Everybody Comes to Rick 's ?
3 who is the businessman of cnn?
5 how many multitude snore in america?
1 in what diversion can a free -legged pacemaker compete?
0 What happened in the city of Dogtown in 1899 ?
3 what did the president of the united states ambition of being murdered?
3 in what risky enterprise did jimmy lose the greek bet?
1 which cattle has the greatest collection of breeds?
0 how can i find person's phone number if i only know their email address?
3 Who appointed the chair of the Federal Reserve ?
0 What is a phalanx ?
3 which of the following celebrities started his show -biz occupation as a discjockey?
3 what was babe ruth's language unit?
1 What letter adorns the flag of Rwanda ?
5 what time period was the film published?
5 how many line of whiskers does a cat have?
0 what does the language unit billie mean?
0 what's the scout saying?
4 where can i find information about the narragansett indians and other social group in rhode island?
3 What is Alice Cooper 's real name ?
0 what is the economic impact of state on the economy?
0 what is the meaning of the latin battle utterance: ad arma, ad arma.
1 What drug is often used to treat AIDS patients ?
3 which comedian hit the tv surface in 1951 with the nbc afternoon show time for ernie?
1 what jewish vacation saw the beginning of the 1973 middle east war?
1 what is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as involuntary movements, ticks, curse and incoherent vocalizations, grunts, screams, etc.?
0 how is binary compound treated to drink safely?
0 why are peanut butter cookies covered in solid?
5 how many place do you shoot in the'around the world 'basketball game?
1 What is a fear of ruin ?
3 who was the first x -man to die in combat?
1 what product tour of the roman empire shows the warning: `````` line well and live''?
4 which political unit borders denmark in the south?
3 who gave king arthur the round array?
0 what is the origin of the term "blue lunar month", and how often do they occur?
4 which peruvian city is home plate to the mummified body of francisco pizaro?
5 how long does it take to blink an center?
1 what is the name of the american littime periodry time period, which includes 1896?
0 What makes hamburgers taste like steakburgers ?
4 Where on the Web is Adventours Tours from Sydney , Australia ?
3 What is Michael Jackson 's middle name ?
3 who has more dna? a man or a charwoman?
3 Who has more DNA - a man or a woman ?
5 how many multitude live in cities?
0 what is the origin of the auditory communication?
3 what the california governor said, "inaction can be the highest human body of action"?
5 when was the first field glass window made?
0 What is a Jellicle Cat ?
0 what is the lineage of the word ``carrier'''?
0 how does ultraviolet light damage the dna of skin compartment?
2 what does r.e.m. stand for the rock 'n' roll group r.e.m.?
1 what's a fear of substance?
0 what's the difference between wind and blues?
1 what tv quiz display left the air in 1975 to vote vera lynn's "we'll meet again"?
0 how does a collection become a collection?
3 which performer played in the 1980s blue lagoon, 1982's the pirate movie and 1983's a night in heaven?
4 where did gulliver find a breed of little multitude?
0 what is the fiduciary in a will?
1 What `` magic '' does Mandrake employ ?
0 how does light move through the void of space when there is no instrumentality for it ``wave''or ``pulse'.
2 what is ram in the machine?
1 What color , s , appear on boxes of Kodak film ?
1 what military action did the spaniards lead except the philippines?
5 what proportion of the worldly concern's flora and fauna are found in the amazon forests?
5 How many months does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth ?
0 what is the definition of'random'real property file'?
0 How do I tie dye clothes ?
5 in what class was new zealand excluded from the anzus alliance?
4 what city or country do most gays live in?
1 which layer of the condition contains the largest part of the ozone layer?
0 How do I install a tile floor ?
3 who was the 16th president of the united states?
3 Who is the nebbish that is Marvel 's official mascot ?
1 What are the ingredients of Coca-Cola ?
3 who was the first black man to coach a major league professional sports team?
1 what is the largest sculpture in the natural object?
3 who was the only u.s. president wearing a nazi uniform?
1 what is the islamic cognition of the red cross?
4 where can i find a list of all companies in america that offer a direct stock purchase idea?
0 why are big cat called "king of the jungle"?
1 which publication is subtitled the preservation of favoured races in the struggle for life?
4 which country is known for persian floor cover?
3 who commanded the french troop in the battle of orleans?
1 What are the shortest and the longest songs ever produced ?
4 what municipality in the usa has experienced the strongest growth recently?
3 who makes their medium of exchange on the hard road?
3 what was fred astaire's art partner's name?
1 What is a research expedition in mountain climbing ?
3 Who is the Greek God of the Sea ?
1 what interesting know-how was used to run the credits in the early popeye cartoons?
5 what time period did rossetti paint "beata beatrix"?
3 what ethnic abstraction has introduced the idea of potlatch?
1 What is the name of a language spoken by the Sioux ?
3 who is the incredible hulk really?
1 What was Mel Gibson 's first movie ?
3 who was the first american chess champion?
5 when was the first steel building complex built in the usa?
3 which astronomer designed present's st. paul's cathedral in london?
3 who wrote the book "song of solomon"?
1 what was a california entreaty book for an old west player?
5 How many feet more than 2 is the average height of the Great Wall of China ?
3 Who penned : `` Neither a borrower nor a lender be '' ?
5 how many different category of ice cream are there?
3 who advised the audience to see the u.s.a. in their chevrolet?
0 How do you calculate the change in enthalpy of a chemical reaction ?
4 which country has the best defensive position in the board game statesmanship?
1 which magazine paid ernest hemingway $15 a word to write a bullfight nonfiction?
5 What is the highest number of home runs on record for any one game ?
4 what's the name of the celestial body the ewoks live on?
1 what was used for the painter monet, sisley, pissarro, renoir and degas?
4 where can an individual test a contact lens that burned the entire sense organ surface when it is new?
3 what was the name of the confederate guerrilla abstraction that jesse james and coleman younger rode with?
1 What commodity 's shortage was the largest single factor in keeping North American cars off the roads during World War II ?
3 which institution is bought by yahoo and how much is the deal worth?
1 which magazine paid ernest hemingway $15 a son to write a bullfight article?
5 what percentage of all world cyclone will land in the us?
5 how many group was randy craft convicted of murder?
3 what new orleans d.a. said: "my associates and i solved the bombing time period ago"?
1 what is the phenomenon of chess if a player has no legal movement?
3 who was the first jockey to ride two triple crown achiever?
1 what is smokey the carnivore's middle name?
5 how many points make up a perfect five game score?
5 What percentage of all world tornados touch down in the US ?
4 Where can I find information on becoming a journalist ?
3 in what risky business did jimmy lose the greek gamble?
1 what's the name of a female lapin?
1 what sung was the final theme of the johnny cash show?
0 What is the HIGHEST Roman numeral ?
4 What are the five most expensive cities in the world ?
3 Which of the following did not receive a 1983 `` Outstanding Mother Award '' from the National Mother 's Day Committee ?
3 who is pia zadora with a millionaire husband and mentor?
4 which two country have waged the hundred years' war?
3 call the poet of the poem that begins: i don't know much about gods; but i think the stream is a strong brown god -sullen, and unblemished?
1 what six words follow the line ```from a boy to a baron''''''''?
1 what english language unit comes from the old french covrefeu, meaning cover fire?
0 what was the honor of king camp gillette?
1 what is the longest english son that can be made with only the first row of letters on a typewriter?
4 which country was erich honecker the drawing card of?
4 what are the only two states that incorporate the confederate battalion into their emblem?
0 what is the economic contact of unemployment on the economy?
5 how many multitude died from a smoking problem in the 1997?
5 how many kind of dogs' dicks are there - three
1 what is the condition for limestone storage rising from the bottom of a cave?
3 What mythical figure carries an hourglass and a scythe ?
3 who shot billy the kid?
1 what is the word for broken glass or sharp stone embedded in cement on a wall?
1 what was the language unit of the mayan ball game?
5 How old was George Washington when he died ?
5 what are the shoe sizes of o'neal, jordan and mutombo, the nba contestant?
3 CNN is owned by whom ?
0 why does the sun only shine for a short case in alaska?
0 How do I find out what cities are in a certain area code ?
0 what reservation are there for people who donate blood?
5 what part of a beaver's biography is spent swimming?
3 who invented the field mower?
3 What was the name of the director of the movie `` Jaws '' ?
5 how old is the star?
5 How many mines can still be found in the Falklands after the war ended ?
0 What is the origin of the midwest slang , ` you 're darn tootin ' ?
1 which book is the follow -up to future shock?
3 what tv character did a sawhorse named thunder breed?
3 who was the lawyer representing randy steven craft?
5 what season does a local act normally take place?
4 mississippi has a name for a country name?
4 what e -mail code does drew barrymore have?
1 what's the name of a young dodger?
1 What net game sees its women 's world amateur champions receive the Uber Cup ?
0 What are Christopher Marlowe 's and Shakespeare 's literary contributions to English literature ?
1 what's a concern of being dirty?
3 who was randy craft's lawyer?
0 what are the living circumstance in cuba?
3 Who is Colin Powell ?
1 what ice elite contains seaweed?
1 what is the language unit of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as involuntary movements, ticks, swearing and incoherent vocalizations, grunts, screams, etc.?
5 what is the biography expectancy of an elephant?
5 what is the chromosome count of an pachyderm?
3 what's the name of the american swimmer world health organization won seven gold medals in the 1972 -year olympics?
5 how many year before led zeppelin released his last album?
3 what former daughter of the corporate executive wrote a book called murder in the white house?
5 what is the new historic period to switch a child from a cradle to a bed?
4 where can i find book appraisal of ```turbulent souls''?
0 What is Tetrinet ?
0 What good are mosquitoes ?
3 which parent and which son won the medal of honor?
1 what does a polyorchid adult have of at least three?
3 who died with over a thousand u s patents on his record?
3 which u.s. government agency registers mark?
1 what has san francisco's milt harper grown that measures 24 -inch customs from the region to the region in 1974?
3 which athlete makes the most money selling sports commodity?
3 which song was the musician when the moon comes over the mountain?
4 which two cities typically mark the extremes of the cloth covering canal?
5 How many warmup pitches does a reliever get coming into a baseball game ?
4 what is the geographic center field of the united states, including alaska and hawaii?
1 what is the fastest growing comic book of all meter?
1 in the novel by jules verne, scientists are held in the submersible nautilus?
3 which u.s. corporate executive showed a preference for bee pollen snacks?
5 How long was the longest sneezing attack ?
4 what former royal palace served as a granary, prison, arsenal, leprosy, mint, telegraph station and puff before becoming an creation museum?
0 why do you say "god bless you" when multitude sneeze?
3 who is currently the most popular singer in the worldly concern?
5 How many referees work a soccer game ?
4 which political unit received all the nobel prizes in 1976?
3 What comedian has a legendary reputation for stealing jokes ?
3 what is the name of the pop singer whose sung became the title sung for a kind of catsup?
1 which foods contain nutriment b12?
3 who became admiral of the seas and viceroy and governor -general of all the islands he could discover, and also received ten? of all the profits of his travel.
1 what visual property is most commonly used to symbolize the truth?
0 what do the red and white stripes mean in a body covering salon?
4 what are all the southern country of the united country?
3 who's uncle duke's friend living with, honey?
1 What chocolate bar created by Frank Mars and his wife is often called a Milky Way with peanuts ?
4 where are diamond mined?
3 who is the monarch of the united kingdom?
3 when the tutankhamun exhibition was exhibited in the usa, which institution did it transport?
1 what are different petroleum commodity?
1 which animals can live longest without substance?
3 which baseball team businessman and sailor is known as the mouth of the south?
0 what is a "nautical mile" in computer terms?
0 how can i call a person in another country if i don't know the phone number?
1 What developed a crack in 1835 while tolling the death of U.S. Chief Justice John Marshall ?
1 what category of bridge is the golden gate bridge?
3 who was gerald ford with the vice president of the united states?
0 what are the star wars satellite?
1 what tv display did neal, a martini drinker in st. bernard's?
1 What is a fear of passing high objects ?
1 what are close encounters of the first and second category?
2 what is the abbreviated condition for the national bureau of investigation?
3 Who is the youngest of the Beatles ?
0 what is fiber in food?
3 what college football unit made knute rockne a power?
1 what happens when a cyclist calls ````petroleum'?
1 what was the language unit of the 1899 policy imposed on china whereby all nations had equal trade rights?
0 What is a drought ?
3 what nazi leader killed himself in prison just before he was executed as a military action criminal?
5 how many time unit in one second?
4 what political unit is ileana cotrubas from?
4 which autocracy of the european country was restored in 1975?
5 when is a charwoman most fertile?
0 how do you get a broken bob out of a bottle?
3 Who won the first World Series ?
3 which government of the president called on the americans to explore the new wilderness?
3 what singer got desperate over the death of freddie prince, left the show clientele and then left the clientele?
0 how is paraguay for leisure?
1 what's the procedure for drilling a trap in the skull to reach a higher consciousness?
1 which circuit board game derived its name from biritch or russian whist?
0 why does a charwoman have to be a virgin to be a nun?
3 who was hitler with the information minister?
4 what relation of great britain includes the highlands, central lowlands and southern uplands?
3 who killed more people, hitler or stalin?
3 what the french designer said: "the jean is the destructor! it's a speaker! it destroys creativity. jeans must be stopped!'' nope.
0 What is the history of the hairdryer ?
1 what kind of animal is a raccoon?
3 what future deer hunter portrayed annie hall's neurotic buddy duane?
0 how do you get dates with the hooters daughter?
4 Where is Kings Canyon ?
5 At what age did Rossini stop writing opera ?
0 what does the term'return on time of life 'mean in relation to bonds?
3 which company started making patty and ended up throwing plastic toys?
1 which artifact of the atmosphere contains the largest part of the ozone artifact?
3 Who made the rotary engine automobile ?
4 where did luther show his ninety five theses?
0 how can i find out how much it costs to raise a child for six months?
3 who murdered leno and rosemary labianca in august
3 What baseball team became the Minnesota Twins ?
0 how to buy parcel?
4 where can i get the us economic statistic?
1 what's the only gland in people United Nations agency can regenerate themselves?
1 what kind of hunt are retrievers used for?
3 who's terrence malick?
3 which relative of leo tolstoy has translated military action and peace eight times?
3 what are the five most popular usenet abstraction?
3 what role did john peter zenger play in the improvement of the newspaper in america?
0 what's the california country motto?
5 how much precipitation is a centimeter of rain?
5 how many carbohydrate are there in the small intestine?
1 what's a concern of machines?
1 what do you call the concern of cockroaches?
0 how can i get an email code from someone?
4 in what function of the world was the six -day war waged?
4 what is the das kapital of california?
4 what famous rampart supports the bathing tower?
5 what year was avery dennison's ship's company founded?
1 what visual property are tennis balls?
5 how many nautical mile of corridors are there in the pentagon?
3 what tv character said, "one of these days, alice, prisoner of war, right in the kisser"?
1 What kind of suit did true hepcats wear in 1942 ?
4 what is the main change of location of ireland?
5 how many warmup pitches does a substitute get in a baseball plot?
0 what is the point of the proverb ```a stitch in time saves nine''?
1 what medium of exchange was used by them?
3 who coined the term nn cyberspace in his fiction nn neuromancer?
5 What is the current ticket fare from from Cairo to Barbados ?
0 How do they produce vitamins ?
3 Who was the tallest U.S. president ?
0 what is the meaning of w.b. yeat's literary composition, ```` the three hermits''
3 which hockey contestant did ronald reagan joke on that he would trade texas for?
0 What is the half-life of P-32 ?
0 what are the great quality in catholic and methodical religions?
0 What happened to Pepsi Clear ?
0 why were shea and gould's l.a. agency closed?
5 what was the average being expectancy during the stone age?
1 What sign is the best love match for a horoscope sign ?
3 what was the name of the first russian astronaut to take a space locomotion?
5 how many american soldier are stationed in south korea?
5 how long have shea and gould practiced collection in los angeles?
1 what record by lewis carroll did humpty dumpty present to the world?
1 which preservative do the chefs pay the most for?
3 who was charles lindbergh's wife?
0 why did the world enter a global psychological state in the 1929s?
1 what do cyprinid lose if they are kept in dark or running water?
3 Who was the 15th century fire-and-brimstone monk who gained control of Florence but ended burnt at the stake ?
0 Why do people get goosebumps when they have something emotional happen to them , like when they hear a beautiful piece of music , or see something beautiful , or get aroused by someone they love ?
1 What beer tells us , `` Grab all the gusto you can get . '' ?
3 what president kissed the queen mother on the sass?
4 where on the vane is adventours tours from sydney?
5 what is the per capita financial gain of colombia, south america?
1 what european race sees the winner of the mountain stagecoach with a shirt with big red points?
3 Who was the actor who played Sam in the movie Casablanca ?
0 where did the energy come from for the big hit?
0 what does the condition 3 mean for a newspaper editor?
1 what is a technique that is often used to detect birth blemish?
3 who became admiral of the seas and viceroy and governor -general of all the land he could discover, and also received ten? of all the profits of his journey.
5 what hundred is the setting for tv's the adventures of robin hood?
4 what is the highest natural elevation in the world?
3 who portrayed the faceless man in the movie of the same name?
1 what is the most popular sports car visual property?
1 what's a fear of insect?
4 where can i find the status of my levy return?
1 what has the chinese emperor presented to the english soldier gordon in recognition of his service in fight insurgency?
1 what were popular songs and kind of songs in the 1920s?
1 what diversion do you play?
3 who is the only corporate executive buried in washington
5 how many miles is a ten k run?
3 Who is Desmond Tutu ?
3 what title does the comedian henry youngman assertion?
5 what does an average day care worker wage in new england?
5 which chapter of the bible has the most writing style?
4 what are the largest deserts in the worldly concern?
5 How many layers of yellow paint is a Faber Mongol pencil lucky enough to be sprayed with ?
5 in what time period was the atm first introduced?
1 What 's the No. 1 killer in industrialized countries ?
1 what is the second favorite mutant in the world?
5 what year did the first content of "playboy" come out?
4 what's helen keller's name at residence?
3 What group starred in the movie Rock Around the Clock ?
2 What is DEET ?
3 who was the first elected civil authority of washington d.c.?
1 what's the language unit of a book by aaron hass?
1 What is the dialogue circle in cartoons called ?
4 Where can I find a picture of a Blue Meanie ?
3 which texas surgeon performed the first artificial heart graft?
0 How can I get started in writing for television ?
1 what is the name of the "female pendant" to el nino, which leads to cold temperatures and very dry atmospheric phenomenon?
5 What 's the population of Biloxi , Mississippi ?
4 which u.s. administrative district includes the san juan islands?
3 what savage and madman wrote a book called cruel brake shoe?
3 who shared a new york city apartment with roger maris when he reached the 61st home runs?
3 which company started making cakes and ended up throwing credit card toys?
3 name the different super team the angel was part of.
0 what is a omentum?
5 What was the U.S. highway death toll in 1969 ?
3 Who is Henry Butler ?
3 which director portrayed the commander of the pow military quarters in 1953rd stalag 17?
5 how many multitude die of tuberculosis every year?
0 what is the deviation between a poster and a print?
4 which country is the largest maker of tungsten?
0 what is a virtual ip address?
4 where can i find the history of the taiwanese lyric?
0 What is osmosis ?
0 what's a compass doing in attribute?
1 what about the cop in the canadian monopoly offspring?
3 who is the famous baby of actress olivia de havilland?
0 where did the u.s. army sergeant's badge come from?
4 in what municipality was president william mckinley shot?
4 which direction are the best wave beaches?
3 What company sells the most greeting cards ?
0 what phenomenon does friction have on the perpetual motion?
1 what is the name of the "female chandelier" to el nino, which leads to cold temperatures and very dry weather?
3 who was the first woman to walk the mile in less than 4 36893 hour?
3 which relative of leo tolstoy has translated war and peace eight time?
0 where does cannabis come from?
1 in what military action did florence nightingale provide the troops?
5 How many real fruit juices are there in a can of Hawaiian Punch ?
1 what are the two lyric of malta?
1 what are the titles of some r -rate sony playstation games?
0 what does the word spaghetti western mean?
0 how do they lift the writer when building high -rise buildings?
4 what were the first bodies visited by starship?
5 how much folic acid should a pregnant woman get every time unit?
4 what was the largest city in the natural object that declared martial law in 1989?
4 which mountain range marks the margin with france and spain?
3 who are the challengers of the unknown?
1 what mark of white rum is still produced in cuba?
0 What does the number 33 on the Rolling Rock beer bottle mean ?
1 what 1942 -century spy film has administrator john huston combined with maltese falconers humphrey bogart, mary astor and sidney greenstreet?
0 what are field phenomenon transistors?
1 what interesting method acting was used to run the credits in the early popeye cartoons?
1 What gender is not allowed to vote in Kuwait ?
3 what little male and dog lives in a shoe?
1 what are some tips for building a happening in the happeningplace?
4 which political unit contains the westernmost point in south america?
3 name a social group that was famous in the 60s.
1 what's the name of the canadian public tv children's show with the tattle pineapple?
4 What planet would you visit to see Bebrenia , Arcadia , and Amazonis ?
4 which eastern country has grown the first commercial nuclear power plant in the united countrys?
4 What are the largest deserts in the world ?
3 what cheerful guy got the zip code 9971 from u s postal service in 1963?
0 Why is Chicago named Chicago ?
4 what ocean is bombay on?
3 what famous tattle cowboy owns the california angels baseball team?
1 what is the hungarian word for true pepper?
4 What lake is Sheboygan on ?
4 what are the only two administrative district that incorporate the confederate battalion into their flags?
0 what is the point of the word'tampon'?
3 which baseball player had run most of the case?
0 What is tumbled marble ?
5 What is the weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole ?
4 what state in the gulf of mexico has its lowest period five feet below sea level?
0 What is `` the only cigarette made with no leftovers '' ?
1 what's the name of the family circus canine?
5 how long does it take for light to reach earth from the star?
3 who was the first american chess champion?
4 What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?
3 What does Nicholas Cage do for a living ?
1 What kind of mammal is a colt ?
3 who are the presidents of mexico and indonesia?
4 which state ruled hitler?
5 in what year was new zealand excluded from the anzus coalition?
1 What is the best-selling television soundtrack of all time ?
0 how can i find out how much financial gain tax is paid on social security financial gain in the 1998 financial gain tax?
1 which luggage serial is named after a famous american flyer?
4 Where was Christopher Columbus born ?
0 what happens to the female body with need of sleep and food?
1 what is the term for the side of the mountain facing the prevailing weather?
4 which south american state won its first football title in 1978?
5 how many metric linear unit in a mile?
1 what is a fear of change?
1 what was the eighth time unit after the nuns in each month of the roman calendar called?
1 what's a fear of haircloth?
0 What is a geoscientist ?
5 What are the shoe sizes of O 'Neal , Jordan , and Mutombo , the NBA players ?
5 How many meters are in a mile ?
0 why does infectious disease affect people?
4 What island has a park called The Battery at is southern tip ?
1 What 's the dumbest domesticated animal ?
3 who answers ``i know''about princess leia's admission ``i love you'' in the empire strikes back?
5 how fast does a spaceship have to travel to escape earth's attraction?
0 how do windmill work?
1 what kind of diversion is chris jogis a top player of?
0 How does General Mills manufacture Cheerios ?
1 what materials did the three little slob use to build their houses?
1 what was the calamity that struck dogtown in 1899?
1 which animal received royal blessing as an emblem of canada in march 24, 1975?
3 what do you call someone who likes ardor?
3 what baron boycotted prince charles's wedding?
3 what the french designer said: "the denim is the destructor! it's a dictator! it destroys creativity. denims must be stopped!'' nope.
5 how much can you pay for having a dog on the geological formation?
1 what trophy will be awarded to the achiever of the super bowl?
0 what mathematical relation does homeostasis have on the existence of an organism?
1 in what 1965 movie did jack lemmon play a draftsman?
5 what's the first sidereal day of the week?
5 what is the people of mozambique?
1 what is the music used in the new vw beetle commercial where the car turns and the flag change?
4 which artificial waterway are 1.76 miles long?
1 what trade did portuguese expect in the 15th and 16th hundred? between asia and europe?
4 w hat room did w.c. fields keep his room in?
5 how many leaf does an obelisk have?
0 What causes `` rolling thunder '' ?
5 what is the maximum number of cabaret a golfer can use in one round?
3 name the food ship's company that has traveled to soviet georgia to film a series of ads.
0 What 's the claim to fame of night watchman Frank Wills ?
1 what's the name of the plot garry kasparov plays?
1 what semblance was crayola's 100 -billionth chalk?
0 what is the origin of the ethnic class "caucasian"?
4 where do the adventure of the swiss robinson family take place?
4 which state contains the westernmost point in south america?
5 What are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
1 what is the highest hired hand in straight poker?
1 What do goldfish lose if kept in dimly-lit or running water ?
0 What is the largest variety of cactus ?
5 When was the Bill of Rights ratified ?
1 what's the best way to lose the flab under your feature and your face?
4 what body of water is sheboygan on?
0 where did the u.s. army sergeant's band come from?
1 what part of your natural object does the corpus callosum contain?
5 in what month, day and year did charles die?
3 what kind of organization is "last chance for animals"?
3 what policeman lives on punchbowl hill and has 11 -year -olds?
1 What war saw battles at Parrot 's Beak and Black Virgin ?
1 what kind of food is fray bento's synonym for?
3 which author of the "days of our lives cookbook" participated in the "days of our lives" in 198's as liz chandler?
0 What was Suzy Parker doing to earn $1 , 000 in the early 1950 's ?
4 what two south american country do not border brazil?
0 What was the `` Dead Man 's Hand '' ?
1 what is a real berry: berry, cranberry, raspberry, strawberry?
1 What was the name of the famous battle between Texas and Mexico ?
4 what city has a newspaper called the plain dealer?
0 What is an example of an actual case of using the Fourteenth Amendment ?
5 how many points are the signal for ``cause''?
4 where is the message about the novel "el cid"?
1 what children's story contains the line ````come, cinderella, and keep this weapon of wool for me'''?
5 How fast does the fastest car go ?
5 how many people die of snake wound poisoning in the united states a year?
1 What is a fear of lice ?
3 who is the president of the spanish government?
0 what is the lineage of the word'tampon'?
1 what does the technology called cold fusion food?
3 what was the name of the communicator ross macdonald, the creator of the hero lew archer?
1 what's a self -contained basophobic concern?
5 how many out of ten penis of the rodeo cowboys association have never run a ranch?
1 what product had caused bette davis a scandal by wearing a daring red dress to a social ball?
1 what colour of dry alcohol should be served with veal roasts and chopsticks?
3 what doctor in a 1946 -book opportunity there's such a thing as a bad boy?
1 what's a emotion of fishing?
1 what is the deadliest infectious disease in the worldly concern?
3 What U.S. vice-president killed Alexander Hamilton in a duel ?
5 how many linear unit to ohio from north carolina?
5 what are the odds that at least two out of 25 people have the same anniversary?
0 What is usenet for the Internet ?
1 what star topology race has the inhumans brought to marvel's earth?
5 when was china's first nuclear experiment?
0 what are the firefighters of a baseball unit?
1 What was the name of the television show , starring Karl Madsen , that had San Francisco in the title ?
1 what's a self -contained basophobic emotion?
3 which of the original seven mercury program traveler did not fly on any of the mercury flights?
0 what is the story of spartacus, the roman slave and prizefighter?
1 What words in the English have two u 's back to back ?
1 What fastener did Whitcomb Judson patent in 1893 ?
1 What James Michener book is subtitled Spanish Travels and Reflections ?
3 who said he killed 4,280 buffalo as food for the gang t hat built the kansas pacific railway?
5 How old is the Italian artist Maurizio Pellegrin ?
3 which companies in alaska were affected by the petroleum spill exxon valdez?
0 what are the word to "my way" by paul anka?
3 who won the first parliamentary election in malawi in may 1994?
1 What is the high pitched sound that you hear in your ear every now and then , but then it goes away , after a while ?
3 who wrote the bible?
0 what's a absorbent material?
3 What Honeymooners actress did Television magazine name as 1953 's most promising star ?
1 what was the name of the american ship that was sunk by a mine in the port of havana and started the spanish -american military action?
0 what do players try to do when the music stops in a plot of musical chairs?
0 what is a bone marrow animal tissue for?
1 what are the different types of contraceptive?
3 who's the father of the computer?
5 How many bails are there in a cricket wicket ?
3 who is the president of bolivia?
1 what kind of jean did calvin klein admit in a 1984 interview that he felt more comfortable wearing them?
5 what proportion of the world's flora and collection are found in the amazon forests?
1 which operating system is available on most calculator?
0 what was the v -8 juice saying: ```the keybud''?
0 why does www.answer.com not have answer to my questions?
3 Who makes the `` Die Hard '' car battery ?
5 How long does it take for your body to restore blood after you donate your blood ?
1 What film dramatized the Scopes monkey trial ?
4 what is the last alphabetical state das kapital?
1 which unit products are available for adult acne?
1 what is the greatest source of white magic in the marvel natural object?
3 what was the language unit of the 6.500 german air force that used the spanish civil war as a training exercise?
5 how many island does fiji have?
1 what enthusiastic taste buds first... snickers or three musketeers?
1 what is the softest relation of the body?
0 why are they sterilizing the acerate leaf for lethal injection?
4 what asian city boasts the largest game alley in the world?
3 Who is the fastest guitarist ?
4 where's the 19th hole on a outdoor game course?
3 Who was the first king of England ?
1 what kind of kernel is fray bento's synonym for?
1 what is a fear of bright luminosity?
5 what percentage of american men are drunkard?
1 What were Baffin , Frobisher and Franklin looking for ?
1 what famous event took place on march 27th?
5 how many millimeters are in a linear unit?
5 how many children under 18.m. are victims of physical abuse every class?
0 how can i search my own website for a language unit?
4 which island have their name from the spanish baja mar, meaning shallow water?
5 how many three -letter permutation can you get from the four letters: c?
3 who sings the theme for dawson's creek and felicity?
1 what types of binary compound pollution are there?
1 what is the highest extremity in straight poker?
1 What are the main blood vessels ?
0 How do you pronounce `` Tzimisce '' ?
3 who commanded the french force in the battle of orleans?
3 What are the names of Richard Nixon 's two daughters ?
3 who's stationed at camp swampy in comics?
3 which company produces pulsation heart services?
0 What is narcolepsy ?
1 what visual property were ernest hemingway's eyes?
0 what is the point of the peace symbol?
4 which state was mikhail gorbachev the leader?
3 what multi -talented academy award -winning director missed a college education in film production?
3 What detective lives on Punchbowl Hill and has 11 children ?
1 which non -mechanical sport achieves the highest rate?
4 What city has a newspaper called The Plain Dealer ?
4 what administrative district did anita bryant represent at the 1959 miss america contest?
3 what performer created a boxer named cauliflower mcpugg?
3 who invented the brush?
4 which country includes 8, 600, 387 square kilometer?
0 how is the new ford economine van f25 v1 locomotive?
3 name the fast food chain with the golden arch.
3 Who does data collection in tourism ?
3 which president went on the jogging path to improve his sporting image and, sports number 39, almost collapsed during the race?
5 how many claws did a shellfish named gun lose?
1 what are the best ways to improve employee morale at low monetary value?
0 What is the economic impact of unemployment on the economy ?
5 What is the gestation period for human pregnancies ?
1 what soft drink not only has its own video recording game, but has also been introduced in its own marvel comic?
1 which household commodity are available for adult acne?
3 which louisiana senator won a seat held by his father and parent?
0 what is the definition of a shower?
3 what are the first name of lunt and fontanne's famous men and women?
3 who is the famous sister of actress olivia de havilland?
5 how often can a nickel -cadmium artillery be charged?
1 what is the prevailing color of the bill label?
0 what are the extent of self -defense?
3 who was the most famous food editor of the new york times?
1 which of the five awareness develops first?
5 What century 's the setting for TV 's The Adventures of Robin Hood ?
3 whose first order of business was "let's blow this damn matter up"?
5 how much is the stock of apple machine, and where can i find this information?
3 Who portrayed Sherlock Holmes in 14 films between 1939 and 1946 ?
4 What ocean does Mauritania border ?
5 how many contestant have puerto rico included in the 1984 winter games?
0 What is the origin of the proverb `` A stitch in time saves nine '' ?
3 who built the rotary motor?
5 how many letters appear with the numbers from 2 to 9 on a telephone?
3 who founded the first aerodynamics lab in 1912?
5 How many inches over six feet is the Venus de Milo ?
3 Who portrayed Maggio in the film From Here to Eternity ?
3 which u.s. general died in december 1st, 1945 when his jeep collided with a hand truck?
5 in what year was the gunman invented?
1 what 1953 movie did frank sinatra victory as the best supporting actor?
0 how does salt melt crystal and snow?
0 what is the poetic measuring device of empty poetry?
1 What did the crocodile swallow in Peter Pan ?
1 which record is subtitled the preservation of favoured races in the struggle for life?
3 who was the first causal agent admitted to the u.s. swimming hall of fame?
4 what country used the plane as a instrument of war against the turks in libya?
3 Whose kidnaping was termed The Crime of the Century ?
0 why does sound travel faster through water system than air?
3 Who killed Caesar ?
1 what is bella abzug's sartorial characteristic?
4 which country do the nazis have for 1, cd nns in nnp nnp nnp nnp.
4 which country have the largest forest areas?
1 what do goldfish lose if they are kept in dark or running water system?
5 how much money did the former philippine dictator marcos steal from the funds?
3 what is the most common name in america?
3 which administrator portrayed the commander of the pow camp in 1953rd stalag 17?
1 What are the snakes of New England ?
0 What causes canker sores in the mouth ?
0 what is the point of the word, jj?
0 how did defamation come about?
3 who was picasso?
3 who portrayed field marshal erwin rommel in the desert fox?
1 which sex has bigger second joint?
3 who founded a viking colony in greenland, say, 985?
1 what performer was never turned into a broadway musical?
3 Who was the first person inducted into the U.S. Swimming Hall of Fame ?
3 who was the first american poet to win the nobel prize for literature in 1948?
1 what paper game can the dealer choose to play?
0 why are the presidential elections taking point in the us in november?
4 which state in new england carries the code 27 telephone region?
3 who is dear abby?
1 which animal has the best proceeding?
3 What famous British actor lost his voice after an operation in 1966 ?
5 how long before the typical hen lays 19 -dozen testis?
3 What Texas surgeon performed the first artificial heart transplant ?
0 what do players try to do when the music stops in a activity of musical chairs?
0 what is the difference between pop auditory communication and rock and roll?
1 what is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as involuntary drift, ticks, swearing and incoherent vocalizations, grunts, screams, etc.?
3 what's dolly parton's name with her spouse?
3 who sent the short communication ``i came, i saw, i conquered''?
1 what's a concern of being cold?
0 how does the tail affect the trajectory of a dragon?
5 what are the possibility of getting four times?
4 which political unit has the southernmost point in continental europe?
5 What is the population of Arcadia , Florida ?
2 what is ioc an form of?
3 who runs andy capp's favorite public house?
0 what kind of snowballs are hot rodent?
3 Which king signed the Magna Carta ?
0 What are differences between 1980 and 1990 ?
1 What Aesop 's fable has the moral : `` The race is not always to the swift. Slow and steady is bound to win '' ?
3 what's popeye's adopted son's language unit?
3 Name Randy Craft 's lawyer .
1 which side should a bowler hit the 3 -pin left or right with a view to a 37803 schism?
5 What fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?
5 how many url extensions are there? and what are they?
3 who was damocles?
4 What is the best place to live in the world , considering climate , civilization ?
5 how many calories are there in a glass of binary compound?
5 how far is the lunar month?
3 which president was buried in his native sign of the zodiac overlooking the hudson river in hyde park, new york?
3 who was shot in the back during a poker game in deadwood, dakota territory?
1 what was the downfall of many poor boys in new orleans?
4 what famous wall supports the washup tower?
3 What celebrity couple , when going through a divorce , divided their toilet paper into two equal piles ?
1 what are different fossil fuel products?
0 Why is Rush 's 2112 called 2112 ?
0 What are shooting stars ?
0 What is an ecological niche ?
3 what was the name of the film director of the movie "jaws"?
1 what's the best opening decision in chess?
0 What is the difference between pop music and rock and roll ?
5 How many square feet is Bill Gates ' home ?
5 how many time a day should you use a recipe with ``````````````q.d.''no.
0 what exactly is the determination of the anteater?
3 what indian tribe fights f -troop all the case?
3 who wanted to start the great society?
4 which theater district of the municipality was called "the roaring forties"?
0 what is the origin of the son ``news'?
0 what is new in the post natural object 1999?
3 who invented the paper clip?
1 which drink consists of tequila, orange juice and liqueur?
1 what are some translations of the construction ``thank you''''?
1 What 's the slowest Olympic swimming stroke ?
1 In order from the top , the four stripes on a can of Pepsi are what colors ?
3 what the president's favorite biblical punctuation was ```come now and let's get together''.
4 What London museum features a Chamber of Horrors ?
0 what's a pig in a bag?
5 what is the monetary value of tuberculosis medication?
3 which institution in alaska were affected by the oil spill exxon valdez?
5 how many vane servers are there?
1 what scale measures earthquake?
1 What was introduced commercially by Bayer A.G. of Leverkusen , in 1899 ?
1 what bird goes into the limelight after the chinese year of the imp?
4 which administrative district produces the best lobster for dinner?
5 what seven digits follow the territorial written communication in the number for remote information?
1 What is a fear of going to bed ?
5 how many ebbs and flows every sidereal day?
1 what's a concern of jealousy?
4 what famous landscape is a 15 -minute boat ride through the venetian lake of venice?
3 which organization leader was last seen in the parking lot of a restaurant in michigan?
5 how many multitude die of snake bite poisoning in the united states a year?
4 Where is Webster University ?
1 What do camels store in their humps ?
3 what is the language unit of the pop singer whose song became the title song for a kind of catsup?
3 which company tables the document for the academy awards?
4 what constellation is a hunter with a hybridization and shield?
5 How fast is light ?
3 who's the only speaker in silent movie?
3 what united states army was founded by william booth and his wife catherine?
0 what is the origin of the word ``information'?
3 Who was the supreme god of Germanic religion ?
1 what is the second largest cartridge holder in america?
3 what government did the untouchables employment for?
5 how much cooler is the region of a cucumber than the air outside?
4 Where is Mozambique located ?
0 What is a `` node '' in computer terms ?
3 Name of scholar on whose literal translations from the Chinese and Japanese Ezra Pound depended ?
1 what is the name of the islamic equivalent to the red cross?
1 what james michener record is subtitles for spanish travel and reflections?
1 what was the non -fictional trade book of 1952, 1953 and 1954?
0 what is the quality between classical conditioning and operator conditioning?
4 which u.s. country has the most blondes?
1 what kind of trouser did calvin klein admit in a 1984 interview that he felt more comfortable wearing them?
3 who did bush compare saddam hussein to?
5 how many nautical mile to ohio from north carolina?
3 what costume specialist decided that michael jackson should only wear one glove?
5 how many group lived in nebraska in the middle of the 1900s?
0 what is measure theory?
5 What is the cost of the drugs used in tuberculosis treatments ?
3 who is the antichrist?
1 what are the signs of a political unit going into recession?
5 how many transcript of an album do you have to sell to make it a gold album?
5 how much medium of exchange does the sultan of brunei have?
1 What was Connecticut 's first constitution called ?
4 what is the second highest batch in the world?
1 what is considered to be the most cost -effective disaster the security industry has ever faced?
0 how does salt melt ice rink and snow?
1 what is a emotion of water?
4 which state has the longest outline of the great lakes?
1 What are the four elements ?
5 how many zip written communication are there in the us?
1 What term does a Czech use to describe a Pole ?
1 what is a fear of rest?
0 What is in baby powder and baby lotion that makes it smell the way it does ?
1 What was the name of that popular song the Creeps sang ?
0 what is the function of a residential district water tower?
0 Why should cigarette smoking be banned ?
1 What animal causes the biggest threat to humans ?
1 what angiosperm did vincent van gogh paint?
0 how to make the easter feast panoramic sweetening eggs that with the scene inside?
3 who's the parent of the computer?
5 How many soldiers were involved in the last Panama invasion by the United States of America ?
1 what was the name of the sawhorse that fell on queen elizabeth, prince albert's wife?
0 How does a rainbow form ?
0 what is the definition of metaphysics?
5 How many calories are in a tomato ?
5 how much did lucy van pelt originally cathexis for psychiatric sessions?
0 why do pressure cookers save case in the kitchen?
4 which focus are the best surf beaches?
5 in what year was the weapon invented?
3 who's king in alley oop's house of moo?
3 who is the founder of scientology?
1 what bombardment of 1966 has brought astronauts back in prehistoric time period?
5 what is the enrollee population at the university of massachusetts in amherst?
5 how many page does a heptagon have?
3 What army was founded by William Booth and his wife Catherine ?
5 How many people own pets ?
3 in dana's two years before the mast, which sailors lived in an abandoned furnace on the beach of san diego?
1 what colors make a bow?
5 when was the first glass windowpane made?
1 what legal document does benny carter play?
0 what is the origin of eternity?
2 CNN is an acronym for what ?
1 what's a concern of rejection?
4 which california structure crossed don brown first in may 27, 1937?
3 name of the mighty white merchant in conrad's heart of darkness?
3 who led the normans to victory in the struggle of hastings?
4 which street is the original saks department storehouse on?
0 how can i find out what class a beanie baby was introduced?
1 what's a chef doing with foodstuff?
3 Whose old London come-on was : `` Buy my sweet lavender '' ?
1 what circuit board game does the wheel of fortune, the lovers and death contain?
4 which natural attractions attract most traveler to the united states?
1 which drink consists of liquor, coconut milk and pineapple?
3 what kind of roll of tobacco -chewer noticed that you're only as old as the woman you feel?
3 what kind of institution is 7 -eleven?
1 which magazine is "fine speech for men"?
0 what is a surgeon?
1 what are other ways, stretching part other than pregnancy, weight loss and weight loss?
3 who was the second adult to walk on the moon?
1 what's a fear of invertebrate?
3 which director portrayed the commander of the pow camp in 1953rd stalag 17?
5 how many events form the ten -man military action?
3 Who is the Voyager project manager ?
1 which motor vehicle race was wilbur reed the first to win three times?
5 how many inning form an official baseball game?
4 What populous state covers 49 , 576 square miles ?
1 in what record can i find the story of aladdin?
0 what does the number 33 on the brew bottle of rolling rock mean?
1 what was the killer whale that died of a fungal contagion called sea world?
1 what part of your body does the principal callosum contain?
5 How much does one ton of cement cost ?
0 How is water treated to make it safe to drink ?
2 What does pH stand for ?
5 how many liter of paint does it take to paint the golden gate bridge?
4 where can i buy a good board for less than 200?
3 What British female pop singing star of the 1960s and early 1970s was a child actress in the 1940s and '50s ?
3 who wrote the song "stardust"?
3 what baseball star turned down a $1,000 -year written agreement because he didn't think he deserved it?
4 What is the largest island in the Mediterranean Sea ?
4 where did santa get the story?
1 what ailment does katharine hepburn have that shakes her spokesperson?
4 which country do the nazis have for 1, cd nns in nnp nnp nnp nnp.
0 why is microsoft's windows 3 such a successful machine program?
3 which baseball team was routinely referred to by its frustrated sports fan as ``the booms''?
0 how can i determine the length of an ellipse?
1 name the french historical period during the time period of napoleon iii.
5 when did the average adolescent first have intercourse?
1 what are the top five books of all meter?
3 Who was nicknamed The Little Corporal ?
5 how many choice does colorado have?
1 what does an imaginary eidologist countenance for after the existence of?
4 where is the valley of sovereign?
1 What are fingernails made of ?
3 who would you use the secret tactic on?
3 which company uses the unknown external body part of its celebrity speakers to promote the use of its product?
1 what are the seven article of the constitution?
1 what major military action was fought in belgium in 1815?
3 which company sells most greeting card?
1 what is the english written record for the word "caliente"?
3 what is the full language unit of the man who invented the colourful dice that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations?
3 who made the first board?
3 who are the challengers of the unknown?
2 What is p.m. an abbreviation for , as in 5 p.m. ?
0 what is agency automation?
1 what kind of cocktail do you make with whiskey and sweet wine?
5 what does an average day care person pay in new england?
3 who was the first black woman in the folies bergeres?
0 why do some group have two different colors?
5 how many more workweek of winter are there when a marble sees its shadow?
0 what do the twelve day of christmas mean?
1 what is the result of chess if a musician has no legal movement?
5 When was the first railroad from the east coast to the west coast completed ?
1 What do humans catch zoonose diseases from ?
5 what is the average number of hours of american worker?
4 which state received all the nobel prizes in 1976?
5 How long ago did the Anglican church part from the Vatican ?
3 What 's Mrs. Bridges 's job on TV 's Upstairs , Downstairs ?
3 who portrayed sherlock holmes in 14 -film series between 1939 and 1946?
0 how do you fix squeaky floor?
1 what's the medium of exchange made of?
1 what's a fear of big h?
5 when did the bounty rebellion take place?
5 what weighs a teaspoon of concern in a black hole?
1 when it's time to relax, which brew is available?
1 what kind of animal were in the paleozoic era?
3 what stupid but lovable fictional character did maurice gosfield play on phil silver's show?
5 how many centimeter over six meter is milo's venus?
5 what does an average time unit care worker pay in new england?
1 what kind of soft drink held a national preference coil in 1967?
0 what are manifest and latent mathematical relation theories?
1 what "magic trick" does mandrake use?
1 which board shows the sphere irkutsk, yakutsk and kamchatka?
1 what is the word for love of annoyance or abuse?
3 Who wrote NN DT NNP NNP '' ?
0 What is fiber in food ?
5 how many three -letter variation can you get from the four letters: c?
3 what fame couple, during a divorce, split their toilet paper into two equal stacks?
0 what is the scenery of john le carre'a small town in germany?
5 On what day were John F and Jackie Kennedy married ?
4 where can i obtain information on the importer of cotton artifact?
5 how many states have a "gamboge law" for new cars?
0 why are product and tv stars paid so much?
3 who is the mathematician who won the nobel prize for literature in the 1950s?
1 which frederick forsyth novel reports about the overthrow of an african polity by mercenaries?
1 What are the three animals in Sheila Burnford 's The Incredible Journey ?
5 What time of year is air travel the heaviest ?
3 Whom does Uncle Duke 's girl friend , Honey , room with ?
3 who did the seven mules pulley for?
1 what tv show once admitted a contestant to picking his toes in the shower?
1 what game is fatal for causal agent over 21?
3 What engineer invented the pull-tab can ?
1 what kind of organism is a raccoon?
1 What was the name of the Crimean meeting of Roosevelt , Churchill , and Stalin ?
3 Who gave King Arthur the round table ?
1 name the one -way child, the `````'about 19 cent.''
1 what is the term for a gamble before cards are dealt?
0 what are the limits of consciousness -defense?
1 what is the term for limestone storage rising from the bed of a cave?
1 what's a good record for people who hate to read?
3 which asian spiritual and political leader was at the historic period of 13.
1 what ice rink cream contains seaweed?
1 What kind of car did Janis Joplin ask the Lord to buy her ?
5 How many species of sharks are there ?
1 what shakespeare piece begins with the formation: ````` now is the winter of our discontent..''''?
1 What software offers inventors use of CAD-like design ?
3 which ball game did mr. coffee kill?
3 who won world war ii?
1 what boris pasternak book sells 5,0 written record to the fiction bestseller of 1958?
3 what role did john peter zenger play in the exploitation of the newspaper in america?
1 what product on the market is good to hide facial symptom?
3 woodrow wilson was president of the united states of what university?
4 What two cities usually mark the extremes of English Channel swims ?
0 What is a leaky heart valve ?
0 How has TV affected our society ?
0 how do you clean up a storage space?
1 garry kasparov is playing what plot?
4 where can i find a world atlas circuit board online for free?
3 what president gene autry once said:'please say hello to your spouse dale'?
5 how long does it take to hike the entire appalachian trail?
3 who was the first elected mayor of washington d.c.?
3 what kind of medical practitioner is synonymous with shoes and foot care?
5 what brand decorates the black description of a bottle of jack daniel's?
1 What 1976 Deep Throat clone provides the leading lady with a second larynx ?
4 where do canine live?
4 What was Einstein 's birthplace ?
1 what weapon did the crucified slit harbor in english castles?
3 who was the only president to meet two uncoordinated conditions?
1 what was the gas house gang musical performance?
1 what soap was praised as ````for group who'''''''like'?
0 how to convert foot british pound to foot duty?
3 who took over the might of milton obote in 1971?
4 What is the capital of Italy ?
1 What color were Ernest Hemingway 's eyes ?
1 what was the ruin of many poor male in new orleans?
5 How many American soldiers remain unaccounted from the Vietnam war ?
4 which two european countries have entered the war of american freedom against the british?
4 where's the biggest decameter in the world?
3 who was the first host from causal agent to causal agent?
4 Where can I find lyrics for R&B ?
1 what was the language unit of robert fulton's most famous steamer?
1 what episode of the 1933's did the german nazis use to justify emergency act, lock up opponents and gain more power in themselves?
1 What kind of creatures are black , yellow , and brown bullheads ?
0 What does `` Philebus-like '' mean ?
0 how do you find the criminal criminal record on the internet?
4 which national passenger rail arrangement in the country is via?
3 who was bonnie blue butler with her father?
1 what haircloth care product told us, "hate the gray, wash it away."
1 what element in the periodic table is a gas or solid but never a fluid?
3 what educational institution does tom attend during tom brown's educational institution days?
0 what are the producer collaborative about?
3 Who stopped making diary entries on May 31 , 1669 , because he thought he was going blind ?
4 What country boasts the southernmost point in continental Europe ?
1 what types of water environmental condition are there?
0 what are the asset of homeschool?
1 what's a fear of fury?
1 What was the name of the 1899 policy forced on China by which all nations had equal trading rights ?
1 What kind of animal was Winnie the Pooh ?
1 which words in english have two u's body part to body part?
0 what shock do nitrates have on the environment?
3 Who is William Wordsworth ?
1 what did louis cartier invent for the airplane santos dumont in the 1940s?
3 what famous movie and tv cowboy borrowed his name from a fast food range?
3 what are arnold palmer's fans' name?
4 What are the five richest countries in the world ?
0 What is the meaning of W.B. Yeat 's poem , `` The Three Hermits ? ''
1 what kind of rum is so "mixable" this is a one -time room?
3 name the body that president woodrow wilson was.
0 why not remove a bee sting with hand tool?
1 What was another name for East Germany ?
3 which record institution produced the 1978 movie the wiz?
5 what is the ratio of juvenile of two to eleven hours of "the simpsons"?
1 what color are court game balls?
1 what was the name of the tv entertainment with karl madsen called san francisco?
4 What country is famous for Persian rugs ?
3 who are the nomadic hunters and gatherers of the kalahari desert in africa?
1 what kind of a murder in the members of bugs moran's outfit?
1 what is the name name of the chemical daminozide?
4 which countries have the most car felony?
1 in what diversion is there a ``scrum'''?
5 how long should the tv mission of star trek's enterprise be?
0 how do you measure the heat of the sunday?
1 in which tennessee williams plays, is one of the characters killed and devoured by a crowd of starving children?
5 how long do hermit crab louse live?
1 what's a emotion of color?
5 what is the people of mexico?
3 who is section manager for control and control instrumentality at jpl?
3 What singer became despondent over the death of Freddie Prinze , quit show business , and then quit the business ?
3 who was the director of the wild bunch?
3 who followed willy brandt as chancellor of the federal republic of germany?
1 Name the vessel used by the Atari Force in the DC comics .
3 who's the actor bette davis who once said she wished she looked like that?
4 which mountain range marks the boundary with france and spain?
3 name the fast food range with the golden arches.
3 what "great" baseball contestant is now a spokesperson for a beer company?
5 How many different types of skunks are there ?
4 What desert has the highest sand dunes ?
0 what is a car statement?
4 what state do you visit when you land at duvalier airport?
4 what is the largest depository in the world?
5 what are the costs of medical science used in tuberculosis treatments?
3 Who invented the fax machine ?
1 what is a fear of physical condition?
3 who was the first jockey to ride two triple crown winners?
1 What product on the market is good for hiding facial scars ?
5 what was the death magnitude relation in the usa in 1969?
0 how can i find out which cities have cable electronic equipment access?
2 what is the form of the international olympic committee?
5 When did Muhammad live ?
5 how long before your consistency recovers blood after you have donated your blood?
5 what was the average life anticipation during the stone age?
0 What is a portal ?
0 What is the origin of the word , JJ .
5 of child between the age of two and eleven, what percentage watch ``the simpsons''?
0 what is the spread of nuclear weapon?
3 what british general has surrendered to the colonial united states army in saratoga?
3 who developed the first polio vaccine?
5 at what property did rossini stop writing opera?
0 What caused the division between the Anglicans and the Vatican ?
1 what was the biggest cause in keeping north american cars off the streets during world war ii?
3 who are cartoons super six?
3 the name of the actor United Nations agency played the detective in the movie kindergarten cop, is what?
3 which criminal record company was founded by herb alpert and jerry moss?
1 what magazine gives us the cream, not the economy?
5 how many stradivarius bowed stringed instrument have you ever produced?
3 what are the first names of lunt and fontanne's famous men and charwoman?
3 what's the language unit of the actress who appeared in the movie "silence of the lambs"?
2 when reading classifieds, what does eenty mean: other point of view for?
0 what does the theory of quantum jump mean in simpler terms?
4 which country has the most time topographic point with 11?
0 what is the point of head lice?
0 What does a red flag mean in auto racing ?
3 what was the name of the contestant who played at the eagles in super bowl xv?
3 What famous comic strip character died of acne ?
4 What attracts tourists to Reims ?
5 how many metric linear unit are in a mile?
1 which language has the most word?
0 What is the origin of the word `` attic '' ?
1 What did a 16th-century Aztec athlete get for putting a rubber ball through a ring ?
4 what's the language unit of the planet the ewoks live on?
3 what two new york yankees exchanged wife and families?
3 name a dog wit character except huckleberry hound to have a voice of daws butler.
5 how many line are there in a standard office clamp?
5 when is the nearest sunday to earth?
1 what is considered to be the most cost -effective disaster the insurance diligence has ever faced?
1 what color is the strip on each region of a coho salmon?
5 how many land does fiji have?
4 which state buys 25 percent of global tea exports?
0 how do you destroy bees that are in the walls of your sign of the zodiac? will bees stay for the winter?
1 What 's destroyed in Genesis 19 : 24 ?
5 how many square meters is bill gates at home plate?
3 who built the first pyramid?
0 What do you know about multicultural and multilingual schools ?
1 what kind of soft drink would get me the biggest alkaloid?
1 what category of beer is rockin'? america.
4 what are the five richest countries in the natural object?
1 in which deodorant did tenant have adjacent medicine cabinets?
0 How did water appear on the earth ?
3 who built cars with rotary motor?
1 what was the top box agency movie in april 1998?
1 what are the different approach of system analysis?
5 What fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?
1 In what film did Steven Spielberg 's dog star as the main character 's dog ?
5 how far do you have to run when you hit a home plate run?
3 who holds the career record for most major league home runs?
3 Who accompanied Space Ghost on his missions ?
1 what are the development stages of a athlete?
3 what robust u.s. president imported his own teacher after watching a judo peer?
1 what was the language unit of america's first manned space program?
3 what duty did benjamin franklin play in the development of the newspaper in america?
0 Hazmat stands for what ?
3 who is the only prime minister of canada who has served for 22 -years but not necessarily consecutively?
4 What is the greatest hiking Web site ?
4 what are the top five tallest buildings in the natural object?
1 What are some colorful flowers that will bloom in the fall in New England ?
5 how many were present at the last meal?
4 What was the first country to put a second woman in space ?
0 What is crabgrass ?
5 What month , date , and year did Charles I die ?
1 what's 55 -times sweeter than raw sweetening?
0 what does the amount 33 on the beer bottle of rolling rock mean?
0 What was Nine Tailors , the television show from 1974 , about ?
0 What is Head Start ?
1 what is the most famous german son in the english language?
3 What baseball player was walked the most times ?
3 who was the inspiration for the educator portrayed by robin williams in the dead poets society?
1 what vertebrate goes into the limelight after the chinese year of the monkey?
3 who was the chief engineer of the starship enterprise?
3 who developed potlatch?
3 Who created Maudie Frickett ?
3 What was the nickname of German flying ace Manfred von Richthofen ?
4 Where is the Mayo Clinic ?
3 name the juvenile at the front door at the beginning of gasoline alley.
1 What is the fear of being loved ?
0 how did p.t. barnum bill for the tiny charles s. stratton?
5 what is the exchange pace between england and the us?
3 Who is Samuel F. Pickering ?
1 what irwin allen bomb said richard widmark will be "the first officer in history to be kicked in the body part by a bunch of bugs!" nope.
1 What is the best way to travel in Japan ?
4 where is the object of the orange bowl?
0 What are perfect tenses ?
0 what do the red and white stripes mean in a haircloth salon?
0 how does a jurisprudence become a jurisprudence?
0 why do you get goose bumps when something emotional happens to them, like hearing a beautiful part of music or seeing something beautiful or being aroused by someone they love?
3 Who killed Gandhi ?
5 how much medium of exchange does a back injury charge get?
3 what duty does nathan hamill play in the new star wars prequel?
4 which political unit has banned the russians from one fifth of its territory?
3 who gave king arthur the round table?
0 what is the half -life of p -32?
3 what is the highest political agency of the soviet communist party?
0 What is pasta ?
1 which animal received royal support as an emblem of canada in march 24, 1975?
3 which of the following natural object and roll stars has a star on hollywood boulevard?
0 How can you tell if someone is lying ?
3 what president kissed the queen mother on the articulator?
0 what is the origin of the language unit igor?
1 what's a product kevin costner made about sioux indians?
5 how much will california be in the 21st time period?
3 what is the function of the bouvier andiron breed?
5 How much did the Iran-Contra investigation cost ?
1 what is a term for behavior, appearance or expression that violates accepted standards of sexual quality?
3 who fired maria ybarra from her position on the san diego council?
4 What mountain range marks the border of France and Spain ?
3 what famous comic book character died of inflammatory disease?
0 what does atmospheric phenomenon wave mean in japanese?
5 How many Community Chest cards are there in Monopoly ?
3 who's the superstar in the rental motor vehicle?
3 who was the first black man to coach a major league professional sports unit?
0 How do I know someone is truly in love with me ?
4 what's helen keller's name at home plate?
0 how does a chicken breathe in an ovum?
3 Who was the author of the novel `` Far From the Madding Crowd '' ?
1 what's the name of the sung dracula plays on the organ?
0 how can i find out which cities have cable modem right?
3 who was the actor who played sam in the movie casablanca?
3 What was the name of Humphrey Bogart 's club in Casablanca ?
3 what are arnold palmer's sports fan' names?
1 what baseball mark required nine balls in 1879, eight balls in 1880 and seven balls in 1881?
4 in sinclair lewis ``main street,''what was the language unit of the typical american city?
1 what's your favorite semblance?
3 who was the first golfer to make a million dollar?
1 What chemical in red wine is good for the heart and what exactly does it do to your body ?
0 what is the point of the term ```four -letter word''?
5 how many points is a bullseye worth in dart?
3 which famous new york city civil authority wrote the hit song, ````will you love me in december as you do in may?''
4 What sea surrounds the Cayman Islands ?
4 which country contains the northernmost component of africa?
5 what seven digit follow the territorial code in the number for remote information?
3 Name the tree growing company .
1 what was the killer whale that died of a fungal ill health called sea world?
0 how can you remove rust mark from your clothes?
0 how do medical practitioner diagnose bone cancer?
5 how much stronger is the new solid -shaped carbon material invented by the tokyo institute of technology compared to the cellulose material?
5 when was cigarette advertising banned on television receiver and radio?
1 what comedian sometimes shows a mailman named beasley?
1 What is Shirley MacLaine known as ?
3 which indispensable provider of background auditory communication celebrated its fifth anniversary in july, 1984?
0 what is eagle's syndrome styloid activity?
3 Who is the founder of Scientology ?
5 On what date did Rosa Parks Become a symbol of the civil rights movement for refusing to give up her seat on the bus ?
4 what former royal palace served as a granary, correctional institution, arsenal, leprosy, mint, telegraph station and puff before becoming an art museum?
3 what ethnic group has introduced the idea of potlatch?
0 how effective are contraceptive in protecting against aids?
3 What crooner joined The Andrews Sisters for Pistol Packin Mama ?
1 What product did William Horlick discover and produce ?
4 name the largest state in south america.
3 who is the president of the united states of stanford university?
3 which member of the micronauts spent one class traveling the microverse to marvel comics?
0 how do ship's company cut paper so thin?
4 what municipality is logan airport in?
4 what state in the gulf of mexico has its lowest point five vertebrate foot below sea level?
3 who is section director for control and control systems at jpl?
3 Who murdered Leno and Rosemary LaBianca on August 1
0 what is the origin of the word "the brooklyn side" in bowling?
4 On what river is Rome built ?
3 which bread ship's company has put cisco kid stickers at the end of their packages?
1 what's the best room to lose the flab under your chin and your face?
5 how many points are the signal for ``cause''?
1 what materials did the three little pigs use to build their building?
1 what medium is hammlen the first musical performance cowboy in?
5 what's the average case to kiss someone?
1 what kind of education do i need to be a flight attendant?
1 which feline followed tweety pie in his first cartoon performance?
0 why are there twelve people on a jury in criminal concern?
5 how long does a dipterous insect live?
1 what's a emotion of hair?
1 what bird goes into the limelight after the chinese year of the primate?
1 what animal was called "the cattle of the poor man"?
3 Who was Confucius ?
1 what is the hungarian language unit for pepper?
3 who's the richest man in the worldly concern?
1 what musical legal document did prewitt play in james jones's from here to eternity?
1 what food of the three bear ate goldilocks?
5 how many colors are there in the array?
5 How many people live in Tokyo ?
5 how much did mercury spend on ad in the 1990s?
0 what's in child powder and child lotion that makes it smell like that?
0 what was the assertion to fame of explorer i, launched february 1, 1958?
0 what's semblance?
5 What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?
0 what causes the symptom in your cheeks when you blush?
0 What are amicable numbers ?
5 How many times a day does the typical person go to the bathroom ?
3 who invented the vacuum cleaner?
1 what colour is the closest to the staff flying the emblem of belgium?
3 what despicable villain stole the bark from my lunch?
3 which presidents of the united states have published literary composition?
3 who was the star of 1965 broadway hit golden boy?
0 why are your hands sometimes cold, but the part of you aren't?
0 What does Esa-Pekka Salonen look like ?
1 which soft swallow is the strongest caffeinated?
1 Jude Law acted in which film ?
4 What state is John F. Kennedy buried in ?
3 what good little enchantress is casper's girlfriend?
1 what's a concern of cholera?
3 who was shot in the rear during a poker game in deadwood, dakota territory?
4 Where is the Orinoco ?
4 which three european countries begin with letter a?
1 what is the most popular word of gambling with women in las vegas?
5 Shea and Gould had an office in Los Angeles for how long before closing it ?
3 who advertises for frito -lay?
1 what category of exercise burns most calories?
1 What 's the name of the tiger that advertises for Frosted Flakes cereal ?
0 what is the quality between the koran and the bible?
5 what hundred does captain video live in?
3 what's goldfinger's first language unit?
5 How many points is a disk in the center hole worth in Crokinole ?
0 What is dry ice ?
0 What is the origin of the word , magic ?
4 what is the most populous municipality in the world?
0 how do you clean an lcd screen?
1 what color fire iron chip is normally assigned to the lowest value?
5 the first transmission of cnn took place on what day?
3 what king boycotted prince charles's ceremony?
1 which peg does a cat move with its left front peg when walking, its left hind peg or its right hind peg?
0 what is the origin of the term ``buffalo wings'', which is used as a menu item in gymnastic apparatus throughout the nation for chicken in a spicy sauce?
0 what is the origin of feast day?
5 what percentage of american men are alcoholic?
5 What can you be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
1 What did Woody Allen call the Japanese gangster film he dubbed into English as a comedy ?
0 What is the highest Roman numeral ?
5 how many lake are there on earth?
4 what municipality did the flintstones live in?
4 where can i find model of legal cases concerning the law on disability education?
0 What is a First World country ?
3 who was the actor june havoc's legendary sister?
4 Where is Rider College ?
3 What rock group raised a ruckus at the White House by singing American Woman ?
4 where do i find correct tabs for third eye blind musical composition?
1 what were hairy bill in the fur trade?
3 which stereo business is a little faster than its time?
3 who did the seven mules block for?
5 what are the chance of pregnancy if the penis does not enter the vagina?
3 which oil company has almost chosen a word that means "closed car" in japanese as its new international language unit?
1 what is the fastest moving organism in the world, birds, mammals, etc.?
0 what causes an geological phenomenon?
3 which musical composition was the singer when the moon comes over the mountain?
4 what french seaport call to be the house of wines?
3 who accompanied space ghost on his missions?
3 who was the author of the novel "far from the madding crowd"?
5 How much of the earth 's surface is permanently frozen ?
3 what was the backdrop singing group for roy rogers?
1 What war did the Wanna-Go-Home Riots occur after ?
1 what was the gas house gang acting?
3 what function did john peter zenger play in the development of the newspaper in america?
5 in what time period did montana become a state?
0 What was the verdict in the 1925 trial of John T. Scopes ?
4 where can i find a "fifth element" screen rescuer?
0 how do i start a vane -based business?
5 What is the death toll of people dying from tuberculosis ?
5 how many bones are there in the human hired hand?
1 which artifact were called "mississippi murmeln" and "memphis dominos"?
0 how does belle describe her being in beauty and the beast?
5 how often were set born?
3 who were the editors of the comedy hour smothers brothers?
1 what's the name of the canadian public tv children's display with the singing pineapple?
4 which municipality is near the mouth of the amazon?
5 how big is a common fraction?
1 what category of poison is called plumbism?
1 which chemical in red alcohol is good for the heart and what exactly does it do to your body?
5 how many people lived in nebraska in the center of the 1900s?
3 which lawyer has won the biggest divorce settlement in the past of sheika dena al -farri?
5 how long is the natural object's largest ship in metres?
5 how many component are the symbol for ``cause''?
3 Who created the character of Scrooge ?
1 what was the name of the "little rascals" canine?
1 what was the eighth day after the nuns in each month of the roman arrangement called?
3 what do you call someone world health organization likes fire?
5 what time period did the first issue of "playboy" come out?
4 where does tennis star topology stefan edberg come from?
5 what is the people of mississippi?
1 what do you call one part of the finger from one body part to the other?
3 who wrote the song "silent night"?
4 where does a foottestis player have to stand to handle the testis?
3 who said, "i'm down on whores and i won't stop tearing them up"?
3 who was the highest u.s. president?
0 how do you fix squeaky horizontal surface?
0 what do you call the hairdo that new soldiers get?
0 what's the difference between jazz and bluing?
1 which literary classic focuses on the search for a treasure in gold worth 7,0 avoirdupois unit?
0 What is the difference between molecules and compounds ?
4 which country in the united countrys has the most blacks?
5 how many homicide and assassinations have there been in the united states since 1865?
1 what bird goes into the limelight after the chinese time period of the monkey?
1 which italian fly was hijacked in 1985?
5 How many milligrams are in a gram ?
4 in what city was john f. kennedy elected president of the united states?
3 what american noncommissioned officer lost both hands during world war ii and then appeared in a single film for which he won two oscars?
0 what is the force of life mentioned in the lord's prayer?
5 when did spain and korea establish diplomat relations?
1 what's the jewish character set?
4 where do i get data and statistics on countries and nations?
1 what is nero wolfe's favorite drink during office hour?
5 How much did the first Barbie doll sell for in 1959 ?
3 who are the nomadic skilled worker and gatherers of the kalahari desert in africa?
1 how do you say "grandparent" in irish?
0 what is usenet for the internet?
3 who played the title role in my favorite martian?
3 what the u.s. vice president said:'some newspapers dispose of their waste by printing it''?
0 How do you fix squeaky floors ?
1 What color is Chablis ?
1 What after-dinner treat was invented in 1916 at the George Jung noodle factory in Los Angeles ?
0 what does the term 3 mean for a newspaper editor program?
1 what's the language unit of the tokyo stock exchange?
3 Woodrow Wilson served as president of what university ?
3 which member of the little rascals has an "on -on -again sweetheart" in darla hood?
3 who was the time master in comic strip?
3 what chocolate company gives you a touch?
0 How do boats float ?
3 who produces spumante?
1 what commodity does mrs olsen promote?
0 How is digital audio used ?
1 what's a emotion of women?
1 which food appliances are used for disabled juvenile?
1 what is the deadliest infectious illness in the world?
5 what are the odds that at least two out of 25 multitude have the same birthday?
0 what didn't you let a tennis ball do when you played court game?
3 what army was founded by william booth and his spouse catherine?
0 what does a red pin mean when racing cars?
3 which dictator has the appellation "el maximo".
4 which country has the most case zones with 11?
1 what's the best way to lose the adipose tissue under your chin and your face?
0 what do the number one, two and four on dr pepper bottle mean?
0 what is a cable car comment?
1 what kind of exercise comedian most calories?
4 what is the second highest mountain in the worldly concern?
3 who was the chief engineer of the starship enterprise?
1 what product on the marketplace is good to hide facial scars?
3 who won the 1968 california democratic primary?
5 what is the goat population of the worldly concern?
5 What is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?
3 What double talking `` professor '' holds a doctorate in Nothing ?
5 how was thatcher's admission to quality after ten years?
4 What country is located at 13 degrees North latitude and 10 degrees East longitude ?
4 which island group is guadalcanal relation of?
1 what do british ship's company have 175, 0 tons of tea in 1982?
0 what are the twin cities?
4 where does the opera musician ileana cotrubas come from?
3 who created dennis the menace?
1 what part of your body does the capital callosum contain?
1 what is the result of chess if a player has no legal change?
1 what is a term for behavior, appearance or expression that violates accepted standards of sexual ethical motive?
0 where does the social group led zeppelin come from?
5 What day is known as the `` national day of prayer '' ?
0 what is the difference between inattentiveness and inattentiveness?
4 what is the leading pecan and peanut socialization?
5 How many people were executed for Abraham Lincoln 's assassination ?
0 How is saline used in medicine ?
1 what are the first and last letter of the greek alphabet?
1 name the men's city connected to the sea.
0 What is the origin of `` jiggy '' as in getting jiggy with it ?
3 who holds the career record for most major league home runs?
1 Which language has the most words ?
0 What is the origin of the name Igor ?
0 what is the origin of the word soda dumbass?
0 what was the dead adult's hand?
3 what are the defamation of richard nixon's two daughters?
0 What do the names Neil , Mary , and Anthony mean ?
3 which person invented the pull tab can?
5 how many stamina does a lobster have?
1 what is a term for behavior, quality or expression that violates accepted standards of sexual morality?
1 What is a fear of jealousy ?
3 What was the name of Randy Steven Craft 's lawyer ?
0 How do I change a file from an ART file to a JPEG or Bitmap file ?
4 What do we call the imaginary line along the top of the Rocky Mountains ?
1 what kind of a massacre in the associate of bugs moran's outfit?
3 what kind of pulitzer prize achiever for the mayor of new york city?
0 what does the latin carcase mean?
5 how many ebbs and flows every time unit?
3 who's uncle duke's girlfriend living with, honey?
5 what is a perfect score in a sport exercise?
1 what music is usually used to treat aids?
1 What common livestock have the greatest variety of breeds ?
1 what was the language unit of the flight fawaz younis took?
1 Which of many numbered vats of Scotch was judged best by a panel of experts in 1863 ?
3 who's always trying to get andy capp's economic rent?
5 How many earthworms are in a single pasture ?
1 what two parts of your consistency grow all your life?
3 Who is the creator of `` The Muppets '' ?
0 how is carbon dioxide removed from natural state of matter?
3 which baseball unit was routinely referred to by its frustrated fans as ``the booms''?
3 United Nations agency was the environmentalist United Nations agency served as spokesperson for the post grape nuts?
1 what historical event took point in dogtown in 1899?
5 how many byte are in a terabyte?
1 what are the signs of a country going into recess?
5 how many woody plant are used in paper production in one year?
3 Who said `` the only thing we have to fear is fear itself '' ?
1 what category of candy were super skrunch and peanut butter oompas?
5 how many muscleman does an oyster have?
3 what despicable villain stole the cork from my meal?
3 who was the founding member of the pink floyd band?
1 what do you call a five -card poker hand in the same courtship?
3 what famous enlisted person was born in europe, died in asia and was buried in africa?
1 what category of cocktail do you make with whiskey and sweet vermouth?
3 Who is the mathematician that won the Noble Prize for Literature in 1950 ?
3 What is the name of the American who was captured when his plane went down over Syrian-held Lebanon ?
3 Who earns their money the hard way ?
5 When did Fraze get his first patent for the pull-tab can ?
1 name four cartoon about pilots.
4 what were the first natural object visited by spaceships?
1 what's the name of the second distance shuttle?
1 what tv show did neal, a martini consumer in st. bernard's?
0 what are christopher marlowe's and shakespeare's literary attempt to english literature?
0 what is the proud assertion to fame of the young women who formed kappa alpha theta?
3 which writer of the 19th century. had a workplace on the hudson called sunnyside?
1 what kind of sports unit are the wisconsin badgers?
3 who was the second world to walk on the moon?
3 What was the name of Darth Vader 's son ?
5 the option of 900, 740 -tree to have planted a tree will cost how much?
4 what asian country was once enthusiastic about the mutant of cricket fighting?
0 what is the internet?
3 what role did benjamin franklin play in the development of the press in america?
3 what broadcasting station did paul harvey work for?
1 what does a sexual attraction between a man and a adult mean?
1 what kind of rocket launched the surveyor spacecraft?
5 what are the average reimbursement for four years of medical school?
0 what's so powerful about power browning automatic rifle?
0 How was the ACLU formed ?
5 how often are brain cell replaced?
0 what does the word camaro from the gm car, the camaro average?
0 what's a coup de poing for a french combatant?
1 what enthusiastic sensation buds first... snickers or three musketeers?
5 How many times has Harold Stassen announced a drive for the White House ?
3 which british prime minister and which u s president were once seventh cousin?
4 which lake is the point of the white nile?
4 what is the vane address where i can find the email address of a member of the us house of representatives?
3 what are the first names of rowan and martin, the celestial body of tv's laugh -in?
0 what is the origin of the son ozymandias?
5 what is the number of american soldier not yet known from the vietnam war?
3 who asked you to do the loco motion with her in 1962?
3 who was the perfume woman charlie?
3 what television camera company said ```if you don't have the time, do we have the television camera?''
5 how deep is a cord?
4 what country did anita bryant represent at the 1959 miss america contest?
3 who has the airway with pearls like ``do you love me'? get naked, child! nope.
1 what are the two communication of malta?
0 what attribute contribute to his "intelligence"?
3 what was the skilled worker's name on rawhide?
5 the movie ``jaws''was shot in what time period?
5 what is the latitude and angular distance of el paso, texas?
0 what were the first word spoken on a film soundtrack?
5 how many body were involved in the american revolution?
4 what french seaport claims to be the building of wines?
3 name the child at the front doorway at the beginning of gasoline alley.
0 what is the difference between molecules and whole?
3 who is william wordsworth?
0 What are tonsils for ?
3 what democratic joke testis dragged the train out of the station while richard nixon was talking about caboose?
4 what's the mississippi state appellation?
4 What city is near the mouth of the Amazon ?
1 what's the color part of the sense organ called?
4 What country is Kosovo a part of ?
4 What is the oldest building in the United States ?
4 what condition full of milk and honey was the target in the grapes of wrath?
5 how many south american countries have the letter z in their defamation?
5 what percentage of conductor production is carried out by independent conductor smelters?
5 how many "no" answers were the what's my line? permission?
1 what do british companies have 175, 0 short ton of tea in 1982?
3 who are cartoons super six?
5 what does an average day care worker wage in new england?
0 In Waugh 's `` A Handful of Dust , '' what does the mad old man force the hero to do every afternoon ?
3 which organization was founded by the clergyman. jerry falwell?
3 which trade book of the modern poet was the co -founder of the famous city lights bookshop in san francisco?
1 what kind of organism is the lightest -kept pet there is?
4 what are tourist attraction in reims?
1 what was the name of the peace statement imposed on germany after the first world war?
1 What is the zodiac sign for August 14 ?
0 What was the importance of Magellan ?
3 who is desmond tutu?
3 what baron was forced to agree to the magna carta?
0 how does light move through the nothingness of space when there is no medium for it ``wave''or ``pulse'.
0 what is a pyrotechnic demonstration?
4 what is the assets of california?
1 what european race sees the winner of the mountain time period with a shirt with big red points?
5 how many years before led zeppelin released his last medium?
5 How many mountains have been named for Presidents in the continental USA ?
4 what were the first three city to have a population of more than one million?
2 what does the form cwt do? nope.
1 what color is the eight testis in the pocket billiard?
1 What movie did Steven Spielberg direct in 1975 ?
1 What is the best way to overcome a fear ?
3 what evaluation was his master's voice?
3 what was fred astaire's dancing partner's name?
3 who were the only two bald u.s. president?
3 who discovered electricity?
3 what is an example of a famous natural object band from the sixties?
5 what is the youngest age that a boy or girl can have an consummation?
4 What is the principal river of Ireland ?
0 What is a virtual IP address ?
4 which country had the most suicide in the 1998's, regardless of population size?
4 what constellation is a hunter with a cross and protective covering?
5 how many mammary gland does a goat sport do?
1 what does peter blatty roman say about the repugnance of regan macneil's possession of the devil?
3 who sang the song "hooked on a feeling" in the dancing baby happening of ally mcbeal?
4 what city in the usa has experienced the strongest organic process recently?
3 who are the top ten richest group in the world?
1 what are the two biggest vertebrate in the world?
4 where can i find texts for r &b?
0 what are bellworts?
5 when did the royal marriage of prince andrew and fergie take place?
1 jude law was in what product?
1 What sport do you shag flies in ?
1 what is considered to be the most cost -effective disaster the insurance commercial enterprise has ever faced?
3 who are the challengers of the unknown?
5 how many millisecond in one second?
1 What Tom Wolfe book is about the Mercury astronauts ?
3 Who owns CNN ?
1 What color of Monopoly properties are landed on most often ?
3 what hit song inspired the dolly parton stallone product rhinstone?
3 What character narrates Treasure Island ?
3 What TV character said ; `` One of these days , Alice , pow , right in the kisser '' ?
3 who was the founding member of the pink floyd social group?
5 how many elasmobranch are there?
5 how long does it take for the milky way to make a rotation?
1 What are some ways to help someone with Chicken Pox ?
1 what is a concern of sin?
5 When did the neanderthal man live ?
3 which organization was winston churchill a member of?
5 How long ago was the Roe vs. Wade decision by the Supreme Court ?
0 What are you hearing when you put a seashell to your ear ?
4 where can i find information about the narragansett indians and other tribe in rhode island?
1 what canine was called "the mortgage lifter"?
1 what is the legal blood beverage limit for the state of california?
3 what new high educational institution was built last year in philadelphia, pennsylvania?
0 What is the feudal system ?
4 where's the gum department storehouse?
3 who was the captain of the tanker exxon valdez, who was involved in the oil catastrophe in prince william sound, alaska, 1989?
4 what city or state do most homosexual live in?
1 what are the four element?
0 What made the Finger Lakes in western New York state ?
1 What does ribavirin consist of ?
3 what democratic joke ball dragged the caravan out of the station while richard nixon was talking about caboose?
4 what stream is pocahontas buried along?
0 What is D.B. Cooper known for ?
4 What city is wiener schnitzel named for ?
3 who holds the nfl evidence for most touchdowns in one season?
3 What character in The Beverly Hillbillies has the given names Daisy Moses ?
0 how can i get someone's electronic equipment number if i only have their screen name?
0 What is the Amish religion ?
0 How can I find a phone number of someone if I only know their email address ?
0 what is the lineage of the first name breony?
3 who created the imaginary being james bond?
0 how do i tie visual property clothes?
4 where can an individual test a contact lens that burned the entire center surface when it is new?
5 when was the first sword plant built in the usa?
4 in what municipality was martin luther king jr. murdered?
4 where on the internet can i find a musical composition database similar to the international lyrics server?
3 which union leader was last seen in the parking large indefinite quantity of a restaurant in michigan?
0 What is a bone marrow transplant meant for ?
3 Who is Langston Hughes ?
5 how much waste does an average dairy cattle produce in one day?
1 what's the word for someone who hates humanity?
5 what is the estimated total people of the u.s. deer?
0 how can you prevent the itching of poison vine?
1 what's a concern of shadows?
1 what film tells of anna anderson's assertion to be the daughter of the russian tsar?
4 What state did Helen Keller call home ?
3 What American naval officer broke Japan 's isolationist policy in 1853 ?
3 What is her profession ?
1 what category of dog is scooby doo?
4 which european country gave up stamps in 19203 because printing reimbursement more than its nominal value?
3 who was randy steven craft's professional?
4 What South American city has the world 's highest commercial landing field ?
5 What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
5 on what sidereal day was pearl harbor attacked in 1942?
5 what is the average time unit when most shopping malls start putting up christmas decorations?
1 what is the word for the side of the mountain facing the prevailing winds?
4 Where is McCarren Airport ?
1 what is the most popular interaction lens color?
4 where can i obtain information on the importer of cotton fabric?
3 who patented the first evidence player?
5 what is the life span of the average imp?
5 when did multitude start writing history seriously?
1 what celestial body race has the inhumans brought to marvel's earth?
3 who lives on 24 -sussex drive, ottawa?
4 which political unit was mikhail gorbachev the leader?
4 what country are you in when you turn on the wu non-standard speech?
0 what is the deviation between classical conditioning and operator conditioning?
1 what tv station did mary richards work for?
3 name 11 famous martyr.
0 What is hebephrenia ?
0 what is the cause of endangered taxonomic group?
3 What American won the world Grand Prix driving championship in 1978 ?
0 how can i get an electronic communication address from someone?
0 how can you ask a stranger out on a day?
1 what spice was once sold as patent music?
0 why do people shake hands to show good?
3 what's the language unit of the company that produces the american girl doll collection?
0 What baseball expression came from the nautical term for ships sailing between the Atlantic and Pacific before the Panama Canal ?
1 what is the term for a four -sided illustration?
3 what was marilyn monroe's real language unit?
5 how many rotation does a standard lp make in three minutes?
4 what is the oldest computer on the internet?
3 Which of the following TV newsmen was a Rhodes scholar ?
0 What is the Internet2 ?
3 what was the name of the american folk champion john chapman?
1 what is a simple way to count the approximate number of fish in a body of water?
4 what are the five most expensive municipality in the world?
1 what tv show did neal, a martini drinker in st. bernard's?
3 what kind of creative genius said, "everything comes to the one United Nations agency sneaks around while he waits"?
4 where does the bible say about the brothers and female sibling of jesus christ?
5 how many cubic vertebrate foot of space does a gallon of water occupy?
1 what hangs over your tongue from your surface?
3 who played the ringo kid in the 1939th movie stagecoach?
0 how do the anti -lock brake system work?
3 which female suspect in the hint game is single?
1 what lapin has his name because his ears resembled those of a donkey?
3 who played for the chicago bears, houston oilers and oakland raiders in a 26 -year professional football career?
5 how many hands does bjorn borg use when he hits his taxonomic group?
3 what writer named yousuf karsh the sharpest adult i've ever met?
3 Who are the presidents of Mexico and Indonesia ?
4 Where is the Statistical Abstract of the United States online ?
3 which coupling leader was last seen in the parking lot of a restaurant in michigan?
5 How much money was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
5 what is the percentage of juvenile two to eleven years old who watch the simpsons?
5 which section of the bible has the most verses?
0 what abstraction do some children have?
1 What kind of fish is a coney ?
5 what is the average number of hour of american workers?
1 what publication was f. scott fitzgerald working on when he died in hollywood in 194?
1 which color of the monopoly possession are applied most frequently?
4 which countries have sierra nevada natural elevation?
0 What does the word affiant mean ?
3 Who is Luke Skywalker 's father ?
1 what did the forward -looking simon brothers bakery in chicago put in bagels to boost enterprise?
3 who was the first president to appoint a woman to head a cabinet?
5 how long does a normal human physical condition last?
4 which political unit ruled hitler?
5 how many calories are there in a solanaceous vegetable?
3 who is currently the most popular singer in the world?
0 What is the origin of the word `` sideburns '' ?
1 What joins white wine to put the spritz in a Spritzer ?
1 what common building complex has a button, cap, shell, gills and ring?
3 What kind of company is 7-Eleven ?
1 what is the mark name of a chemical used to control maturation?
5 when was the struggle of the somme?
4 Where is one 's corpus callosum found ?
4 which is the fifth largest state in the world?
5 in what time period was de gaulle elected president of france?
0 what was the notorious operation of the u -2 submarine of germany?
3 who got the phrase "i never met a man i didn't like"
3 Who was Ben Casey 's boss ?
5 how far can a human sense organ see?
4 where can i find pictures of how to build a very simple woody plant house?
5 What is the world population as of today ?
1 which frederick forsyth novel reports about the overthrow of an african politics by mercenaries?
3 What explorer was nicknamed Iberia 's Pilot ?
1 what's the name of the tiger who throws corn crystal for frost crystal?
5 How many dollars a day did Arthur Frommer say you could get by on in Europe in 1968 ?
0 How do anti-locking brakes work ?
0 What exactly , specifically does sleep do for you ?
4 where can i find a list of the "classic" books that the fifth and sixth grader should read?
3 who founded the first aerodynamics workplace in 1912?
3 who was garrett morgan married to?
1 What type of bridge is the Golden Gate Bridge ?
0 what's butterfield 8 in butterfield 8?
1 what's the name of a cube player?
1 what is the most common malignant tumor?
5 what is the starting content of a radiogram?
4 what is the municipality of oz?
0 what is a mathematical agent?
3 what costume designer decided that michael jackson should only wear one boxing glove?
3 The name of the actor who played the detective in the film Kindergarden Cop is what ?
0 how do you calculate the change in the half -life of a chemical chemical process?
4 what nation is edessa in present?
4 what municipality or state do most gays live in?
1 What John Steinbeck novel portrays the Joad family , driven from the Oklahoma dustbowl ?
1 what shakespeare firearm begins with the line: ````` now is the winter of our discontent..''''?
0 how did binary compound appear on earth?
4 what is the web address where i can find the email address of a associate of the us house of representatives?
4 what is the object address where i can find the email address of a member of the us house of representatives?
1 what food has marco polo imported into italy from the assembly kubla khan?
1 what chemical are used for the lethal injection?
0 What is e-commerce ?
3 what famous male singer has the same language unit as the composer of opera hansel and gretel?
1 what does the method "cold coalition" create?
3 what comedy surprised dwight d. eisenhower's first initiation by the birth of her first juvenile?
5 how many power unit will a consortium -led project of mission energy of us produce in indonesia?
5 what is the salary of a u.s. spokesperson?
5 how much did a knight's protective covering weigh?
4 Where do quality drinks begin ?
5 How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?
1 What do you call the feeling of having experienced something before ?
1 what was the largest currency harvest in the usa in 1983, exceeding corn?
5 what percentage of american force are alcoholics?
1 What 1965 film had Jack Lemmon portraying a cartoonist ?
3 what two -legged "academician" has a phd in nothingness?
4 which path are the best surf beaches?
0 what effect does clash have on the perpetual motion?
0 why did several san diego educational institution remove apples from the students' menus?
0 why are there braille property on the atms people drive through?
1 what mutant does chris jogis play?
3 who was the first american chess rival?
3 who was the mother of the man who would not be king, the duke of windsor?
0 how do i know the exact case of sunset for a particular day?
3 What woman has carried the most multiple births , twins , triplets , etc. , ?
5 in what century did the relationship of art begin?
3 What father and son won the Medal of Honor ?
0 How can I find out how much income tax is paid on Social Security income on the 1998 income tax ?
1 what kind of diversion team are the buffalo sabres?
5 How many colors are there in a rainbow ?
1 What card suit originally represented the peasant class ?
1 What non-mechanical sport achieves the highest speeds ?
3 what story did the football coach tell in the product run to daylight?
1 what is a fear of failing?
0 Define the Pheonix Club ?
0 What was the first Funk 'N Lata , Brazilian group , success ?
5 what amount of american soldiers are not yet covered by the vietnam war?
0 what are the most common causes of end in the usa?
5 what is the people of the largest chilean city
4 where's the biggest acoustic device?
1 what european race sees the winner of the mountain stage with a shirt with big red component?
3 what kind of former furniture member ronald reagan called federal policy towards the indians an example of the failure of socialism?
0 why did several san diego schools remove apple from the students' menus?
4 In what nation is Edessa located nowadays ?
5 The italian artist , Maurizio Pellegrin , is how old ?
3 who was the first president to appoint a woman to head a cabinet?
1 what ship wreck in nantucket killed more divers in its expedition than the 52 -people it sank with?
1 what did martin luther post on the church doorway in wittenberg?
1 what does a polyorchid world have of at least three?
3 whose video recording is shape up with arnold?
5 What are the lengths of pearl necklaces ?
1 What were the achievements of Richard Nixon ?
0 what is the programming lyric c?
3 who owns the rights to a tv program?
3 what college did joe namath play contact sport for?
3 which player sits on average three times during a double question baseball?
5 how many component is a bullseye worth in darts?
0 how does the tail affect the formation of a dragon?
3 What well-known music personality is the father of an adopted son named Hans Christian Henderson ?
0 what does the word classical music mean?
3 who was the commissioned military officer of the tanker exxon valdez, who was involved in the oil disaster in prince william sound, alaska, 1989?
0 shea and gould closed their agency in los angeles for what reason?
0 why is attribute development so important?
3 which of the following rock and rotation stars has a star on hollywood boulevard?
0 why are haunted building popular?
3 which engineer invented the pull bill can?
5 in what year was janet jackson's first medium released?
0 who likes james bond's martini?
3 who is the prime minister of china?
3 which painter produced primitives of rural new england being?
5 how many turn form an official baseball game?
4 which two political unit have waged the hundred years' war?
1 what war has jeep and quisling added to the english lyric?
1 what kind of activity do you need to become a sports trainer for the nfl?
4 What state 's home to the Buffalo Bill Historical Center ?
1 in what movie is the number nine found in the claim?
3 what's the language unit of the indian who became prime minister by beating mrs. gandhi in the 1977 election?
0 why does www.statement.com not have statement to my questions?
0 how does a scientific calculator employment?
4 what is the das kapital of taiwan?
0 what problems have contributed to the high pace of flat -pace farmers' failure in the 1800s?
4 which european country is the home of the beer -producing municipality of budweis?
4 where do i get information about confinement records for the state of utah?
5 how many equal sides are there on a scale framework?
4 What continent pushes up the Executive Committee mountain range ?
3 what comedian from tv's golden age went according to the motto'everything for a laugh'?
3 Whose acceptance speech of more than 3 minutes prompted a time limit on Academy Award thank-yous ?
1 for which disease is sinemet used as a discussion?
3 who built the first gas locomotive?
5 what is the region of chappellet weinberg?
1 what kind of canine breed was the "little rascals" canine?
4 which country has the geographic point of haifa?
0 what was the name of the element metallic element?
3 who is the actress goldie hawn's current performer friend?
5 What is the chromosome number of an elephant ?
1 what commodity use a tiger as a symbol?
0 how can i find a list of -, fax - and antioxidant -mail addrantioxidantssantioxidants for thantioxidant massachusantioxidanttts pantioxidantrsonnantioxidantl dantioxidantpartmantioxidantnt?
1 what animal are buffalo wing from?
4 which country was brian boru, sovereign of the xi? ==references ==
5 how many group have pets?
1 what commodity is for children and not for stupid rabbits?
1 What is `` the soft drink for adults '' ?
1 all right, top four strips on a can of pepsi, what flag?
4 What bay divides Maryland 's Eastern and Western Shores ?
3 which big rhombus producer is in south africa?
0 What was the reason for the partition of the Anglican and Vatican churches ?
5 when was roll of tobacco advertising banned on television and radio?
4 Where are the headquarters of Eli Lilly ?
1 what four weather are 90 percent of the human body?
5 how old is the average age of a team member who worked on the manhattan work?
1 What are the first ten amendements passed ?
0 what was the rally telephone of the early american revolutionaries?
5 what is the driving definite quantity equivalent of zero grade centigor?
3 what's steve rogers' activity if he's not captain america?
0 what is the theory of equivalence administrative district?
1 what attempt followed world war ii?
5 How many points are there on a Backgammon board ?
1 what's the first killer whale in the developed world?
1 are you referring to the fib of chris van allsburg, where a boy tries to become a great sailor?
5 How many people have died of tuberculosis ?
3 what's larry king's problem?
3 who is the scientist who won the nobel prize for literature in the 1950s?
3 who was the original humpty dumpty?
3 What Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist ran for mayor of New York City ?
1 What is the correct way to use `` may '' vs. `` might '' ?
3 who is the current un secretary -general?
4 which state is known as big bear?
0 How did Peabody and Sherman travel through time ?
4 What country did the Allies invade in World War II 's Operation Avalanche ?
3 who is the worst corporate executive of the united states?
3 which institution sells most greeting cards?
4 where can i find a world atlas paper online for free?
1 What meat complemented sweet potatoes and peas in the first TV dinner ?
1 What 's the most commonly-spoken language in Belgium ?
3 who was the monk from the 15th? a century that gained command of florence and was burned at the stake?
3 Who portrayed `` the man without a face '' in the movie of the same name ?
1 what color is the sasstick on the wax sass of boy george in the london madame tussaud?
5 how many year of bad luck follow a broken mirror?
1 what newspaper gave back a pulitzer prize for the fraudulent history of jimmy's world?
3 the professional who represented randy craft, what was his name?
3 who took over the leadership of the boston pops after arthur fiedler's long time period?
1 what military action did johnny reb and billy yank wage?
3 who owns the st. louis rams?
1 what astronomical process takes place in jan. 1999?
1 what chemical are used in glowsticks?
4 where can i find free piano auditory communication for popular auditory communication?
5 what time period is the setting for tv's the adventures of robin hood?
1 what is the name of a day containing sequence numbers, such as 9 -8 -98?
3 Who was the king who signed the Magna Carta ?
1 which morris west novel deals with the russian bishop United Nations agency becomes pope?
3 Who is always trying to get the rent from Andy Capp ?
3 who was the author of the novel "far from the madding crowd"?
1 in the miller lite tv commercial, who's the creature?
0 How does rabies spread ?
0 What happened during the Blackhawk Indian war of 1832 ?
5 How long do flies live ?
3 who killed martin luther king?
3 who invented the traffic cone?
0 Why do roosters sing at five o 'clock in the morning ?
5 how much did lucy van pelt originally attack for psychiatric sessions?
5 how many cds did garth brooks sell?
0 What does the term 3 mean to a newspaper editor ?
0 How do you recognize anorexia ?
4 where does photosynthesis take place in a woody plant?
0 How do I find a web address for a company ?
3 which former ku klux klan member has won an elected place of business in the united states?
5 When did Charles Lindbergh die ?
3 who was elected the first black chairman of the military chiefs of force?
5 what is the starting content of a photograph?
5 how many points is a disc in the middle hole indefinite quantity in crokinole?
3 who was the president of afghanistan in the 1994?
4 what are the ten safest american cities for pedestrian?
1 what is tom wolfe about the mercury traveler?
3 what president of the united states kissed the queen mother on the lips?
0 How do I get my LAN card activated so that it can hook up to another computer without using a HUB ?
0 why is the language unit "shortcut" so long?
5 how many people have the united nations committed itself to supporting the restoration of command and the distribution of humanitarian aid in somalia in september 1992?
0 what is fibre in substance?
1 what's a emotion of touching?
4 which state in the united states has the most achromatic color?
5 how long will the border between canada and the 48 -nation country last?
3 who's robin williams?
3 What future Soviet dictator was training to be a priest when he got turned on to Marxism ?
3 who invented astrographer?
3 name 11 famous victim.
0 what does medium of exchange mean?
1 what determines the value of the jewel?
1 What kinds of animals are in Cambodia ?
1 What kind of creature is a coot ?
1 which publication is the follow -up to future shock?
4 which u.s. state borders illinois in the geographical area?
1 what tv show shows the adventures of a couple named jonathan and jennifer?
5 how many flight educational institution are there in the united states?
5 how much is the stock of apple computers, and where can i find this message?
5 what are the unemployment statistics for the 1965s and decade?
1 what does leon uri's novel have to do with the russian seduction of berlin?
0 how does the tail affect the flight of a mythical monster?
0 how do swarm form?
3 Who is Rocky 's and Bullwinkle 's ever-lost friend ?
5 When did Nixon die ?
1 which organism do you find on the stock market?
0 why can't charwoman in the navy serve on submarines?
5 When did the Carolingian period begin ?
4 which building is adequately represented on the body part of the 1 -dollar bill?
3 What is the first personal computer company ?
1 what kind of training do i need to be a flight assistant?
0 What is the medical condition of hypertension ?
5 How many countries watch MTV Europe ?
0 What 's an auberge in France ?
4 what people does pope john paul ii have?
5 shea & gould had an office in l.a. for how many time of life?
0 what doantioxidants antioxidant =mc2 mantioxidantan?
1 which equine did zorro ride?
0 What is Betsy Ross famous for ?
5 how many relative quantity are there in a billion?
5 how many american soldier are stationed in south korea?
3 who was the time master in cartoon?
3 Who invented the toothbrush ?
1 what james michener book is subtitle for spanish travel and reflections?
0 what is the point of the name igor?
4 What is Bill Gross 's email address ?
0 what is the origin of the phrase of writing practice ````now is the time for all good force to support their country''''''''''''''''''
4 What is the most important nation in the world , historically ?
1 what english word comes from the old french covrefeu, meaning covering fire?
3 which u.s. vice president once said, "if you've seen a city district, you've seen them all"?
3 who advised the audience to see the u.s.a. in their chevrolet?
1 what tv entertainment entertainments the adventures of a couple named jonathan and jennifer?
0 Why do some people have two different color eyes ?
1 What color eyes are most sensitive to light ?
1 what color is the structure on the swiss flag?
3 Who sang about Desmond and Molly Jones ?
3 What are the major companies that are part of Dow Jones ?
0 what do the name andrew and christina mean?
3 name the whoremaster film genre that nancy and chuck cast with the magic ring.
5 What do Englishmen weigh themselves in ?
5 What was the number of assassinations and attempts to assassinate in the U.S. since 1865 ?
0 what does sandwich like steak burger do?
3 who patented the first record player?
3 Who sought to create The Great Society ?
0 what's the 401, k, design?
3 what group was formed in the 1969 after police encountered resistance from customer in stonewall, a gay bar in greenwich village?
3 what famous performer recently tried unsuccessfully to revive the play?
1 what diversion does chris jogis play?
0 why is poop sometimes in different flag?
0 what is a bone connective tissue transplant for?
4 what is the property of britain on the land of china?
3 who was elected the first black chairman of the military leader of staff?
4 in which state was the first politician elected?
5 How many acres in a mile ?
1 what's a emotion of passing tall objects?
0 what's the last chance for animal?
5 how much has varian associates tried to sell its vacuum products class to the boc group for?
0 why aren't many indian students in body?
0 what is the origin of external body part lice?
3 Who was Santos-Dumont ?
4 where do i get a complete database of showtime in my area?
5 how many stations do you shoot in the'around the world 'court game game?
0 What does an echidna look like ?
5 How many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ?
3 who was the first man to return to space?
3 who gave abbie hoffman his first acid of lsd?
0 Why was Washington , DC originally called District of Columbia ?
4 what country used the heavier-than-air craft as a weapon of war against the turks in libya?
3 who was jane goodall?
3 What New York Yankee was known as The Iron Horse ?
3 Who is the prime minister in Norway ?
3 what famous musician is the father of an adopted male offspring named hans christian hendermale offspring?
0 why are the presidential vote taking place in the us in november?
3 who's the voice of miss piggy?
1 what spider makes an excellent darling, even said to recognize its master?
0 Why do men snore ?
0 What does the double-O indicate in 007 ?
1 what is the medical term for liquid body substance cancer?
3 What Cherokee Indian gave his name to a tree ?
0 How do you make a computer chip ?
3 Who coined the term NN cyberspace `` in his novel NN Neuromancer '' ?
1 What determines the value of the pearl ?
3 who was the first president of the united states to appoint a woman to head a cabinet?
3 Who was the Russian ambassador to Hungary during the 1956 uprising ?
3 who portrayed etta place, the friend of butch cassidey and the sundance kid?
1 What did Vasco da Gama discover ?
1 what substance did joseph priestley name for his ability to erase pencil sign?
4 Where must a soccer goalie stand to be permitted to handle the ball ?
3 who delivered his latest newsworthiness on march 6, 1981?
5 What is the federal minimum wage ?
0 what's the lineage of the name katie?
0 What is a gas release event ?
1 what are the first and last culture of the greek alphabet?
1 what were the ceremonies like in the meter of elisabeth?
0 what kind of baseball expression came from the nautical term for ships sailing in side of the panama canal between the atlantic and the pacific?
1 what is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease that attacks the protein ammunition that surrounds nerve cells and causes a gradual loss of movement in the body?
0 what about the millennium bug?
3 What suburban housewife and mother of three wrote The Feminine Mystique ?
3 What civilization invented the arch ?
5 how many american actor have been nominated for the best actor oscar for 1983?
1 what was franklin roosevelt's economic course of study called during the great depression?
4 What country received all the Nobel Prizes awarded in 1976 ?
0 what is the meaning of the latin battle cry: ad arma, ad arma.
4 which way do most ball game players hit?
0 how do you clean up a hoard?
0 how can i enforce new rules for a group of young people world health organization have been allowed to do what they want?
5 When is the Sun closest to the Earth ?
3 what's the language unit of pittsburgh's baseball team?
5 how many litres of whole milk does it take to make a british pound of butter?
3 what are the only players United Nations agency can score points in roller derby?
1 what did 1313 metric linear unit lose in the 1980s?
0 how would someone become an harmonium donor?
3 what tv host defamation a series of men's clothes?
0 Why are the ears your center of balance ?
1 what category of food can i catch an opossum with?
3 who was the parent of the man who would not be king, the duke of windsor?
3 whose biography is yes i can?
1 in what religion was isis the goddess of quality?
5 how many shark are there?
5 how much folic acid should a parent -to -be receive daily?
0 what's the message with the valentine's day cards?
5 how many home runs has babe ruth hit in his biography?
0 How is Easter Sunday 's date determined ?
4 Where did bocci originate ?
3 who invented the material clip?
5 how many pages does an dagger have?
5 in what class was de gaulle elected president of france?
5 How much was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
1 What kind of sports team is the Buffalo Sabres ?
0 how do doctor diagnose bone cancer?
1 which side should a bowler hat hit the 3 -pin left or right with a view to a 37803 split?
5 How big is the Chappellet vineyard ?
3 Name the company that used the line , `` Even your best friend won 't tell you '' in its ad ?
1 What animal do buffalo wings come from ?
1 What did the forward-thinking Simon Brothers Bakery of Chicago insert into bagels to boost business ?
1 What is the name of the Michelangelo painting that shows two hands with fingers touching ?
0 what does secession mean?
5 how many frames does a disk camera kind?
5 how many multitude was randy craft convicted of murder?
1 what is the second favorite sport in the worldly concern?
3 What famous husband-and-wife team did radio ads for Blue Nun wine ?
3 which heir of the department mercantile establishment is responsible for installing a 3 -ton safe in front of the andrea doria underwater wreck?
3 Which U.S. President is buried in Washington , D.C. ?
4 what is the largest natural body of water in pennsylvania?
0 what was the nato multitude's excuse for attacking the chinese embassy?
5 what was einstein's iq?
5 how many points is a bullseye worth in board game?
3 who played the title role in the romantic english?
0 How can I find online spelling ?
1 what product marked robert redford's decline?
3 what is the highest separation rate?
5 what's columbia tristar's phone act?
3 what's the name of the indian United Nations agency became prime minister by beating mrs. gandhi in the 1977 election?
1 what animal in the church have acted as laxatives for american colonists?
0 How do you address a Chinese person ?
5 How old was Sir Edmund Hillary when he climbed Mt. Everest ?
1 what is the term for a bet before game are dealt?
1 what kind of text file did president andrew johnson want to place a copy under his head at his funeral?
4 where is the actress marion davies buried?
0 What is the Peloponnesian League ?
3 who was hitler with the propaganda curate?
3 who created the fantastic four, hulk and thor?
1 at christmas, what is the traditional thing to do under the mistletoe division?
3 what's steve rogers' problem if he's not captain america?
3 who wrote the record "huckleberry finn"?
1 what are the three secondary semblance?
3 what storehouse claims to be the largest department storehouse in the world?
3 Who was Lauren Bacall 's first husband ?
0 What is an urban legend ?
4 what's the language unit of the highest mountain in africa?
0 how is strategic arms limitation talks solution used in medicine?
4 what are the four largest natural elevation ranges in the continental usa?
5 In what year was Gandhi assassinated ?
5 what are the chances of having crystal?
4 Which country is the largest country in Latin America ?
3 which comedian hit the tv screen in 1951 with the nbc afternoon show time for ernie?
4 which computer are linked to the report on genesis eldercare?
0 What are the current immigration laws in US ?
3 who created billy pilgrim, a survivor of the dresden fire storm?
3 who was jean nicolet?
4 What is Drew Barrymore 's email address ?
5 How hot does the inside of an active volcano get ?
5 When did CNN begin broadcasting ?
1 What shape-shifting menace did Rom come to Earth to fight ?
1 which horse won an associated press survey as the largest horse of the twentieth century?
1 what is the legal rake alcohol limit for the state of california?
5 how many city are there in utah?
4 which municipality is blessed by the titus arc?
0 what's a slob in a sack?
1 what's a fear of robber?
3 which indispensable supplier of background music celebrated its fifth anniversary in july, 1984?
0 why don't you have some kind of competition where you ask a question and who finds the answer wins a prize?
3 What is the best art and design school in the world ?
3 who was the perfume dame charlie?
1 what are two plants that make apparel?
5 how many kids does ray davies have from the kinks?
0 how can i enforce new concept for a group of young people who have been allowed to do what they want?
0 How does psorisis disappear ?
0 What is main reason for that electric vehicles can 't be popular nowadays ?
4 where does photosynthesis take point in a tree?
5 how many written record were there on the original ge college bowl clock?
5 what is the angular distance and longitude of el paso, texas?
3 What international organization was founded by Clara Barton ?
1 what operating arrangement do ibm -compatible machines use?
4 What are the top five oil-producing countries in the world ?
1 what meter did shakespeare write: ``to be oderto be, that is the doubt..''''?
3 who's the only loudspeaker in silent movie?
0 how is the new ford economine van f25 v1 motor?
4 which municipality in canada is the least populated?
0 how do you make pasta?
5 how much refrigerator is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside?
3 what arrangement has a security council?
1 what game game started as an east -west competition between michigan and stanford in the 192's?
1 what are other ways, stretching strips other than pregnancy, weight transferred property and weight transferred property?
0 what did suzy parker do to earn $1.000 in the early large integer?
1 in which toiletry did tenants have adjacent medicine cabinets?
4 What city was President William McKinley shot in ?
1 what liquid body substance sport shows a movement called veronica?
5 How many times a year does the American Gourd Society publish The Gourd ?
1 What colors make up a rainbow ?
1 what star race has the inhumans brought to marvel's earth?
1 What 's another word that means `` knows all '' ?
4 where do i find the best free evidence for the communication about russia?
3 What presidential press secretary dismissed Watergate as a third-rate burglary attempt ?
3 which ship's company has the internet browser mosaic?
3 who was darius?
5 in what year were nylon stocking first sold?
4 which country had the most killing in the 1998's, regardless of population size?
1 in ad 999, what kind of affair, fears, were there?
5 what was the killing shot at the outbreak of mount pinatubo?
3 what's the name of the famous aviator who mistakenly flew to ireland instead of los angeles?
5 how many cubic feet of space does a United States liquid unit of water occupy?
0 what kind of gliding joint sprain would you do?
4 what category of people are the best tv viewers?
4 What Japanese city was once called Edo ?
1 what does an angry cable car owner call iron oxide?
0 why are device on?
5 what was the 1940 -year regular payment for a kessler?
1 what do you get when you mix cotton gin and vermouth?
3 the language unit of the actor who played the detective in the movie kindergarten cop, is what?
4 which two caribbean countries share the land of hispaniola?
4 Which city has the oldest relationship as a sistercity with Los Angeles ?
5 what are the chances of getting four time period?
1 which paper game has variations called canfield, klondike and spider?
3 when the tutankhamun exhibition was exhibited in the usa, which ship's company did it transport?
4 where can i find examples of legal cases concerning the law on unfitness education?
4 what london street claims to be the world area for men's tailoring?
0 What did the Confederate Constitution say about slavery ?
1 what's the biggest letter in salvador dali's key signature?
1 what element in the periodic board is a gas or solid but never a liquid?
0 what according to kinsey institute is the sexual liking of four percent of american men?
4 where can i find texts for r &b?
1 what is the term for limestone retention rising from the bottom of a cave?
1 What were the first frozen foods ?
3 which president went on the jogging trail to improve his sporting image and, sports number 39, almost collapsed during the contest?
5 how many east -commeastrceast companieasts areast creastateastd daily?
3 what court describes bob woodward in the male sibling?
0 Why shouldn 't you remove a bee stinger with tweezers ?
5 what class was gandhi murdered?
3 which author of the "days of our lives cookbook" participated in the "days of our lives" in 198's as liz chandler?
1 which cat-o'-nine-tails followed tweety pie in his first cartoon performance?
0 why do force snore?
0 Why was Muhammad Ali stripped of his title and barred from boxing in 1967 ?
4 which u.s. state has an component named after it?
1 what soft helping not only has its own video game, but has also been introduced in its own marvel comic?
1 what is the main lyric of sao paulo, brazil?
1 what is a communication spoken by the sioux?
0 what is the difference between college and graduate educational institution?
0 What does `` Semper Fidelis '' mean ?
1 the principal callosum is in what part of the body?
1 what was the name of the comedy where alyssa milano performed with tony danza?
4 what category of a noise did olympia miss, washington?
3 Who created the monster in Mary Shelley 's novel Frankenstein ?
1 What 's the second-most-used vowel in English ?
0 how can i call a friend in another country if i don't know the telephone number?
5 how many u.s. president were assassinated during the reign of queen victoria?
1 What 's the highest-ranking suit in bridge ?
1 What 's a Craps player called ?
3 who invented the game of game?
5 what year was the movie published?
5 When was the bar-code invented ?
5 how much folic compound should a pregnant woman get every day?
5 What are the numbers that fit into Fermont 's last theorem ?
1 what visual property, s, appears on the boxes of kodak film?
4 Where is former Pro wrestler Johnny `` Rubber Man '' Walker ?
1 in what military action were there battles at papagei's beak and black virgin?
5 what is the protection rate of condom?
3 who created the giant in mary shelley's novel frankenstein?
4 What arch can you see from the Place de la Concorde ?
0 what is thermal chemical equilibrium?
4 Where can I get information and statistics on countries and nations ?
0 what is the point of the word ozymandias?
1 What product features a frog that says `` dig 'em '' ?
0 what were the days of the workweek called?
5 what century is the setting for tv's the adventures of robin hood?
0 how does the series of command work in an apache helicopter of the us army?
1 what's 55 -times sweeter than raw carbohydrate?
1 What snack food has ridges ?
1 what connects nymphalid?
1 What is one of the languages of the Sioux ?
1 What is the name of David Letterman 's dog ?
1 What game is Garry Kasparov really good at ?
1 which racesawhorse won an associated press survey as the largest sawhorse of the twentieth century?
0 what is market economy after max weber?
3 who was the first american citizen to award the albert medal of the society of arts?
3 what former african leader held the claim of his country for nine years?
5 What century does Captain Video live in ?
0 how can i find a list of -, fax - and east -mail addreastsseasts for theast massachuseasttts peastrsonneastl deastpartmeastnt?
1 what price is the "oscar" of ad?
4 where does the worldly concern come from?
1 what is the brand language unit of a chemical used to control maturation?
1 what is the most common connection in the worldly concern?
4 where can i find a web site that gives comparisons of good prices?
0 what was the material of the first golf balls?
1 What cards are bullets ?
0 How do birds have sex ?
3 what human body did tex avery create when he arrived in mgm?
0 how do you calculate the variety in the half -life of a chemical reaction?
3 who makes the car battery ``die hard'?
3 what group was formed in the 1969 after police encountered resistance from consumer in stonewall, a gay bar in greenwich village?
0 What is a virtual IP address ?
3 name the first russian astronaut to take a space walk of life.
1 What is the recipe or formula for Coca-Cola ?
0 What is amezaiku ?
4 where does the strange shape of the fish knife come from for meal?
5 how many sperm are in an average ejaculation?
0 what problems have contributed to the high magnitude relation of flat -magnitude relation farmers' failure in the 1800s?
3 Who invented silly putty ?
1 What is kept in Fort Knox that is so valuable ?
0 what does fathercorn father do?
3 who was the king who was forced to agree to the magna carta?
1 what are the different kind of plastic?
5 on what date did rosa parks become a symbol of the civil right movement for refusing to give up her seat on the bus?
3 which recipient of the department store is responsible for installing a 3 -ton safe in front of the andrea doria underwater wreck?
3 who founded the modern theory of measure?
3 what are the fictional character' names in the scooby -doo cartoon?
4 where do i find the code of a person with a phone number?
1 what was the sequel to the moon's balloon?
4 what people is gorbachev?
4 what island has a tract called the battery on the southern tip?
0 What are Maid-Rites ?
5 How many innings constitute an official baseball game ?
1 What is the most common cancer ?
1 which wheel did blaise pascal invent in activity of perpetual motion?
1 stuart hammlen is considered the first musical performance cowboy of what medium?
0 What 's new in the postal world in 1999 ?
1 what movie dramatized scope's imp process?
3 What President lived at 219 North Delaware Street , Independence , Missouri ?
3 which famous new york city mayor wrote the feat song, ````will you love me in december as you do in may?''
1 what was the name of the mayan ball activity?
5 how many mountains were named after us corporate executive?
4 What city is terrorized by Dracula in The Night Stalker ?
5 how much will california's gas levy increase with the 21st year?
5 How many pairs of wings does a tsetse fly have ?
1 what are some good exercises to do for juvenile?
3 what is the highest divorce magnitude relation?
0 What is the origin of the word `` pallbearer ? ''
3 who is the son -in -law of sen everett dirkson, who was also a senator of the seventy?
4 where do i find the address of a causal agent with a phone number?
1 what is the word for broken glass or sharp stones embedded in concrete on a wall?
1 What is the Taj Majal made of ?
4 what are the five best oil -producing political unit in the world?
1 what animals in the church service have acted as laxatives for american colonists?
0 how did lee harvey oswald buy his weapon?
0 What does the name Calder mean ?
1 what is the term describing a word in which only one function has been recorded in all literature?
3 who was the famous door -to -door brusher?
1 which vessel did lloyd m. bucher command?
4 where can you find information about religion and health, brain and nutriment?
4 where does the musical composition everything goes take place?
3 what is the best artwork and design school in the world?
1 which piece of jewelry is depicted in the luxury levy room of monopoly?
2 What is the correct way to abbreviate cc. at the bottom of a business letter ?
3 Whose singing voice was dubbed in for Natalie Wood in West Side Story and Audrey Hepburn in My Fair Lady ?
1 what are the shortest and longest sung ever produced?
5 when was the first glass framework made?
5 how many group snore in america?
5 what is the proportion of children two to eleven years old who watch the simpsons?
1 what does warner bros. call an airless fathead?
3 who said, "soldiers win the battles and general get the glory?"
3 what is the name of the pop singer whose song became the claim song for a kind of catsup?
5 what class did thatcher become prime minister?
5 how many queen bee rule in a hive?
0 what is the point of the term'tout de suite'?
0 Why do n't you guys have some sort of contest where you ask a question and whoever finds the answers wins a prize ?
3 who is the administrator of the international group called the human genome organization (hugo), which wants to coordinate gene mapping research worldwide?
5 How many Marx Brothers were there ?
1 what mutant do you play?
5 when did spain and korea establish ambassador social relation?
0 what is the information of the universe?
0 How do I know if I 'm jealous of someone ?
0 What is the claim to fame of Agra , India ?
1 what information was the main competition of vhs?
3 what wrestle star became the incredible hulk?
1 what tv facility did mary richards work for?
1 which piece of adornment is depicted in the luxury tax room of monopoly?
3 Who created Big Ben ?
3 which baseball team owner and bluejacket is known as the mouth of the south?
0 how can you remove rust stains from your apparel?
4 Where is the Thomas Edison Museum ?
4 which center of nevada was designated the largest small city in the natural object?
3 Who was Charles Lindbergh 's wife ?
3 who played the role of godfather in the product ``the godfather'?
0 What 's the meaning of the zoological term ruminant ?
5 what are world on a 455 -yard golf course?
0 what is the origin of grace?
1 What does the Ouarterly Review of Doublespeak call an `` inoperative statement '' ?
1 which chocolate bar, created by frank mars and his wife, is often referred to as the peanut milky way?
1 What were the ceremony traditions like during the Elizabethian times ?
3 what was the name of the american helicopter aviator who was shot down over north korea?
3 what despicable unwelcome person stole the cork from my lunch?
3 what kind of doctor is synonymous with situation and foot care?
1 Which of the five senses develops first ?
3 Who made the most appearances in the center square on Hollywood Squares ?
1 what has the chinese emperor presented to the english soldier gordon in recognition of his work in fighting insurgency?
1 what is the chemical symbol for chemical element?
3 what camera company said ```if you don't have the meter, do we have the camera?''
1 what brew tells us, ```` grab all the flavor you can get.''no.
0 How does food color affect how you think it will taste ?
0 what is the origin of bluing for boys and pink for girls?
5 how many lawyers are there in the country of new jersey?
1 What type of food makes you fat ?
5 How many grooves are on a dime 's edge ?
5 What year did Apartheid start ?
0 what is the olympic saying?
5 when's contact sport day?
2 What does NASDAQ stand for ?
1 what craft requires you to combine your deflection and firearm?
5 how long did the charles manson murder test take?
3 whose picture is it supposed to be on turin's gravestone?
3 Who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver ?
3 what little boy and andiron lives in a shoe?
0 why were american soldier called "doughboys" during world war i?
1 what product did robert conrad dare people to pat him on the rear?
5 how many miles are there on statistic to the moon?
5 how many small enterprise are there in the usa.
3 name the designer of the shoe that has produced millions of imitations of credit card, known as ``jelly'.
0 how do i keep cat-o'-nine-tails out of my flower garden forever?
1 What book opens : `` At a certain village in La Mancha , which I shall not name.. . '' ?
4 what is the farthest planet from the star?
5 how many jews were executed in assiduity camps during world war ii?
1 which sports press has the biggest edition?
3 what was the name of the first russian astronaut to take a distance walk?
3 what did the poet write: "i have promises to keep and linear unit to go before sleep"?
3 what is the name of the son of actor rex harrison, who played in a modest television series in the late sixties?
1 what were popular songs and type of songs in the 1920s?
4 What southeast Asian country has the Wang River joining the Ping River at Tak ?
5 how many tenths of the earth's airfoil are underwater?
0 what do i need to learn to design computer?
1 what do you call a book of quotation?
1 which colors are most sensitive to luminosity?
5 when was the first railroad track completed from the east coast to the west coast?
0 what is a hydrogen attraction?
0 What are the words to the cd Eminem 's , or slim shady , `` My Name Is '' ?
1 What does an edentulous smile lack ?
4 What is the largest city in the world ?
1 What are different products of petroleum ?
0 what do the twelve life of christmas mean?
4 What ocean is the largest in the world ?
1 What Broadway show introduced the song Some Enchanted Evening ?
1 what's the most expensive cable car in the world?
4 Where is Procter & Gamble headquartered in the U.S. ?
5 how long before your liquid body substance makes a complete journey through the body?
5 How many verses are in the Bible ?
1 what song brought james taylor into the limelight?
0 how do i change a record from an art record to a jpeg or bitmap record?
3 Who was considered to be the father of psychology ?
1 what's a fear of insanity?
1 what musical composition were popular in 1948?
1 What is the name of the vaccine for chicken pox ?
5 in what time period, date and year did charles die?
4 where are the good science pages on the internet?
1 what visual property were their horses?
5 what weighs a teaspoon of topic in a black hole?
1 what comic sometimes shows a deliveryman named beasley?
1 what is the most popular diversion car color?
1 what is the zodiac sign of the zodiac for august 14?
5 how much is the stock of apple calculator, and where can i find this information?
3 What government department did The Untouchables work for ?
5 how much cooler is the inside of a melon than the air outside?
0 What is the purpose of BIOS ?
3 who portrayed the faceless man in the film of the same name?
1 which stephen king fiction is in a pet cemetery?
5 what century is the context for tv's the adventures of robin hood?
4 what's the funniest municipality in the united states?
0 what is the mystery of the universe?
4 which state offered albert einstein his presidency in 1952?
0 how do i find out which city are in a given area code?
1 What is the fastest-growing comic strip of all time ?
0 What does the dot on the letter i mean ?
0 what is the origin of the municipality "corpus christi"?
1 what is the legal blood alcohol extent for the state of california?
2 what is the acronym for the air conditioning efficiency rating instrumentality?
3 who discovered imaginary book?
0 what is the quality of learning?
5 how many year do fossils form?
0 what is the origin of the substance?
5 how many propellers helped the plane the wright male sibling flew into history?
1 What are emblazoned on the Jolly Roger ?
4 where can i find a list of all companies in america that offer a direct stock acquisition plan?
4 where can i find a lawsuit about americans with disabilities act of 199?
4 What country lies directly south of Detroit ?
0 What is hydrogen ?
5 how many period make up a perfect five bowling score?
5 how much does a containerful weigh matter in a black hole?
0 what's the deviation between love and love?
0 What are `` inkhorn terms '' ?
0 What does the name ` Alexandra ' mean ?
3 Who was the first Holy Roman Emperor ?
3 What famous meat company went out of business because it became known that the underworld had been selling them kangaroo meat ?
1 What ice creams contain seaweed ?
4 what is the language unit of the country that ruled hitler?
5 what are the dates of the police slipstream in pamplona (spain)?
0 what are dingo?
3 what argentinean radical fought castro and died in may, 1979?
4 What U.S. city is The Queen of the Pacific ?
0 what does an sovereign do?
4 what category of two states is washington d.c.?
5 how many square metric linear unit is bill gates at home?
1 what is the most advanced handheld machine in the world?
4 where can i find scientific collection, research papers, textile technology?
4 what river flows past the synagogue of karnak?
5 what's the busiest formation season?
1 what boris pasternak book sells 5,0 copies to the fiction trade book of 1958?
3 What classical Spanish writer warned : `` All that glitters is not gold '' ?
0 What are the rules to `` snow golf '' ?
4 which u.s. city is the king of the pacific?
1 what is a emotion to speak?
1 What is the term for a group of geese ?
3 Who were the head writers for the Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour ?
0 What is a green bog ?
5 how fast is a 45mhz business?
0 how does crosstalk relate to insb thickness in infrared device?
1 what does a charwoman want?
5 what does an average day concern worker pay in new england?
5 how many day does a typical maifly live?
3 who is section manager for command and command systems at jpl?
0 How do storms form ?
3 who's rocky's and bullwinkle's lost person?
3 Who was the 1st U.S. President ?
5 how old is the average age of a unit member who worked on the manhattan project?
5 What percentage of the silver production is done by independent silversmiths ?
1 what meat added sweet potatoes and peas to the first tv dinner?
5 what proportion of the world's flora and fauna are found in the amazon vegetation?
1 what is the main communication of sao paulo, brazil?
0 why are they sterilizing the needle for lethal insertion?
3 Who declared : `` I think I 'll go out and milk the elk '' ?
0 why do protective covering give off steam after a big rain?
0 what does capital marketplace mean?
0 why are peanut butter cake covered in crystals?
4 where are the housing in saint john, new brunswick?
3 who were the 1974 oscar winners?
1 what is the english translation for the language unit "caliente"?
3 who wrote the best -selling missionary travels and researches in south africa, published in 1857?
3 which civil authority made so many tv appearances that he was invited by aftra in 1984?
5 How many were in attendance at the Last Supper ?
1 what language unit of beer is translated as ``lion brew''?
5 what is the average meter a male needs to ejaculate?
3 what assembly describes bob woodward in the brothers?
1 which sense organ can most people hsense organ better?
3 what author landed a 468 -pound marlin without a swath in the early 1930s?
0 what is the definition of the word "weapons system"?
4 In what county is Eckley Colorado ?
3 who was the minister of war in the civil war during the battle of gettysburg?
5 what's the natural object record for the longest hair?
4 where are the good science page on the internet?
4 What famed wall supports the Badaling turret ?
1 in what military action was the first submarine used?
4 where can i find information of legal cases concerning the law on disability education?
3 which former major league ball game player was known as "space man"?
0 why do hufeisen bring emotional state?
3 who invented astrographer?
3 who wrote the song "silent night"?
5 how much compound is in the oceans?
1 what does a specialist treat?
0 How did the jack-o '-lantern get it 's name ?
1 in the miller lite tv commercial, who's the animal?
0 how do you write mla property bibliographies for an internet source?
1 What are the two largest birds on earth ?
5 how many people in the worldly concern speak french?
0 how can i get someone's phone act if i only have their screen name?
1 what four -legged creature has a cornell university examination said that it would make humans the best companion in space?
1 what brings sperm to the pelvic area?
2 What does NN O `` mean when used as a prefix in Irish surnames ?
5 how many group die of tuberculosis every year?
3 what comedian calls her brother -in -law captain bligh and her parent -in -law moby dick?
3 who was the first english sailor in the natural object?
4 what famous wall supports the bathing structure?
1 what was the result to the moon's balloon?
5 How many Americans fought for the British in the American Revolution ?
1 What are birds descendents of ?
5 what proportion of silver production is carried out by independent silver smelters?
1 what drink contains as many types of liquor as possible?
3 who killed lee harvey oswald?
1 What is the first book of the Old Testament ?
4 where does a football contestant have to stand to handle the ball?
1 What were the names of the three ships used by Columbus ?
5 how many bowed stringed instrument did old king cole have?
3 name the device film genre that nancy and chuck cast with the magic ring.
1 in ad 999, what kind of celebrations, concern, were there?
1 what's the best property to lose the flab under your chin and your face?
1 what is the largest sculpture in the worldly concern?
0 What are the powers and weaknesses of Green Lantern 's ring ?
0 how's the weather on the satellite?
1 what six words follow the channel ```from a boy to a king''''''''?
4 Where did Woodstock take place ?
4 Where is Ayer 's rock ?
0 Why are so many umbrellas black ?
3 What Cruise Line does Kathie Lee Gifford advertise for ?
3 Who is the son-in-law of Sen. Everett Dirkson who was also a senator in the '70 's ?
4 where does the strange shape of the fish tongue come from for dinner?
4 where can i find a review of nightmare on elm street in a movie journal?
2 when reading classifieds, what does eenty mean: other support for?
1 What materials did the three little pigs use to build their houses ?
1 what four elements are 90 proportion of the human body?
0 what's the difference between erle stanley gardner's lawsuit of the frightened typhoon?
4 which state in the united states covers the largest sphere?
3 what is the largest natural process company in the world?
3 which 4 -foot -9 actor in 1984 became the first actor to win an oscar for playing a character of the other sex?
4 What desert has been called The Garden of Allah ?
1 what color court game balls are used on wimbledon?
1 what letter is right of k on a typewriter keyboard?
3 What President was buried at his ancestral home overlooking the Hudson River at Hyde Park , New York ?
5 in what year was the first motor vehicle manufactured?
4 What Peruvian city is home to the mummified body of Francisco Pizarro ?
4 what new england state covers 5.9 square metric linear unit?
4 where's poe's topographic point?
1 which magazine paid ernest hemingway $15 a language unit to write a bullfight article?
4 What country 's capital is Tirana ?
3 what is the name of the son of actor rex harrison, who played in a modest television ordering in the late 1960s?
3 who was ben casey's boss?
5 when was the first gutter invented?
3 whose mental picture is it supposed to be on turin's tombstone?
0 what is artificial ability?
0 how do boat swim?
0 What are pomegranates ?
3 Who is the famous sister of actress Olivia De Havilland ?
1 what musical legal document did prewitt play in james jones's from here to eternity?
3 who's the richest man in the world without owning a business?
1 what is a son whose letters can be rearranged to form another son?
4 name the land of giants twelve times the size of man in gulliver's travels.''
0 why don't you have some kind of competition where you ask a doubt and who finds the answers wins a prize?
4 what is the largest museum in the natural object?
1 what's the term for someone United Nations agency hates humanity?
1 which visual property of the monopoly properties are applied most frequently?
1 what sung were popular in 1948?
5 How many horses are there on a polo team ?
1 what tv show once admitted a contestant to picking his toe in the shower?
0 what is the purpose of a motor vehicle bra?
3 what piano company claims that its product is the legal document of the immortals?
4 what continent is driving the executive committee's mountain range?
0 What is an aortic abdominal aneurysm ?
3 who were the dirtiest people alive?
3 who stopped making journal entries about may 31, 1669 because he thought he was going blind?
3 Who commanded the French forces at the Battle of Orleans ?
0 what does the son opera mean?
3 who was considered the father of psychology?
3 who won the will rogers award in the 1989s?
4 which countries have the largest violence in the world?
1 what's the name for swarm that make rain?
4 which state is located in 13 -degree north -latitude and 10 -degree east -length?
1 what visual property was crayola's 100 -billionth chalk?
3 who was the author of the record on computer hackers called ``the egg of cock': a spy through the labyrinth of computer spying''?
1 what are the first and last letters of the greek rudiment?
1 what tv quiz entertainment left the air in 1975 to vote vera lynn's "we'll meet again"?
4 where do the blackhawks keep their operation?
4 what are the five richest country in the world?
4 What African country is governed from Ouagadougou ?
5 What month were you born in if your birthstone is sardonyx ?
1 what is the second most common phone in english?
0 why do people on the upper land say michagin ``eh''? nope.
1 what do you see in versification?
4 are you referring to a country developing a magnetic railway instrumentality?
0 why did david koresh ask the fbi for a text -processing course of study?
3 What Indian tribe is F Troop perpetually doing battle with ?
1 what category of dog breed was the "little rascals" dog?
1 What is the name of the art of growing miniature trees ?
4 what condition full of milk and beloved was the target in the grapes of wrath?
3 What is a society ruled by elders ?
3 who are the top ten richest people in the world?
3 Who 's played the most games for the New York Yankees ?
3 which companies or administrative unit would carry out an employment audit?
5 how many black world served in the vietnam war?
5 how many propellers helped the plane the wright buddy flew into history?
3 What American actress was the first to be called a `` vamp '' ?
5 how many one-tenth of the earth's surface are underwater?
1 What is a term for behavior , appearance , or expression that violates the accepted standards of sexual morality ?
1 what invention makes the principle of energy action impossible?
3 which buxom blonde appeared on the cover of more than five press?
5 How many `` eyes '' does a coconut have ?
1 what two statues did france give to other political unit?
0 What are the words to `` My Way '' written by Paul Anka ?
1 what has san francisco's milt harper grown that measures 24 -inch customs from the region to the region in 1974?
1 what are the seven principle of learning from the institute of research for learning, irl?
3 Name of heroine in `` Scruples '' ?
3 name the child at the front door at the happening of gasoline alley.
5 How far do you have to run if you hit a home run ?
0 What is a `` repeating voter '' ?
0 what are the terminus ad quem of self -defense?
0 what rights do some juvenile have?
3 who played sally rogers on the dick van dyke show?
1 What is a fear of cholera ?
1 what does a pedometer meter?
3 which successor of the department store is responsible for installing a 3 -ton safe in front of the andrea doria underwater wreck?
5 what does an average day work worker pay in new england?
4 where can i buy a headdress like jay kay from jamiroquai?
3 what is the name of the son of actor rex harrison, world health organization played in a modest television series in the late 1960s?
3 Who wrote The Red Badge of Courage ?
1 What does Visine get out ?
1 What is predicted to topple over between 2010 and 2020 ?
5 how much does it cost to have planted a woody plant by making, 900, 740 -woody plant?
3 which texas surgeon performed the first artificial heart animal tissue?
5 what will the california gas tax metallic element in the 21st year?
1 What is a fear of bees ?
1 what software offers inventors the activity of cad -like design?
3 in the 1920s, who maintained the endurance of the fender?
1 What does the policeman become in the Canadian edition of Monopoly ?
0 How can I find out which cities have cable-modem access ?
1 What oldtime kids ' fare did TV Guide writer Jeff Greenfield call `` one of the most...subversive TV shows in American history '' ?
3 which ivy league school plays their home activity at palmer stadium?
0 how can i find a tilt of -, fax - and e -mail addresses for the massachusetts personnel department?
5 how many man play the game in winslow homer's 1872 painting snap the whip?
0 What is the Order of the Arrow in Boy Scouts ?
5 when was general manuel noriega appointed panama drawing card and handed over to the u.s. authorities?
1 where do your haircloth grow fastest?
5 how much money did the marcos steal from their state?
3 who's always trying to get andy capp's annuity in advance?
4 What country has the port of Haifa ?
1 what tv entertainment did john sebastian sing the theme for?
5 On which dates does the running of the bulls occur in Pamplona , Spain ?
1 what anaesthesia has queen victoria allowed to give parturition to her seventh child in 1853?
0 What is `` Vocal Sampling '' ?
3 which national league baseball team has established 72 third base in its first two time period?
4 what are the three largest body of water in the world by size?
0 why did david koresh ask the fbi for a matter -processing program?
3 Who is the richest person in the world , without owning a business ?
3 which union person was last seen in the parking lot of a restaurant in michigan?
1 What 's the term for any four-sided figure ?
1 which animals do you find on the capital market?
0 what message can you give me about fairground park in st. louis?
4 where is the oldest living situation in the world?
0 What is a Cartesian Diver ?
3 world health organization's the actress bette davis world health organization once said she wished she looked like that?
0 what happened in dogtown in 1899 to commemorate this class?
1 which old kids''fare did tv guide author jeff greenfield call one of the most subversive tv shows in american history''?
4 what was the tallest structure in america in the 192's?
3 who kept the most famous diary in english?
3 what role did benjamin franklin play in the exploitation of the newspaper in america?
3 who's always trying to get andy capp's rent?
4 In what country is a stuck-out tongue a friendly greeting ?
5 how many people in the us say that their main point of information is the newspaper?
1 what kind of sport is chris jogis a top musician of?
5 how many force died building the mackinaw bridge?
5 how many group live in the falklands?
1 what medical science is usually used to treat aids?
0 how did the garment get its name?
5 how loud is big h?
1 what dodo form coprolite?
3 Who was Sherlock Holmes 's archenemy ?
5 When did Mount St. Helen last have a major eruption ?
3 What president kissed the Queen Mother on the lips ?
3 Who invented volleyball ?
4 which political unit has the highest fire rate?
1 what is the penalty area between baltic avenue and reading railroad on a monopoly circuit board?
0 Why can 't ostriches fly ?
3 who was in death of a salesman original product, not 1985?
3 Who protects DC Comics ' realm of dreams ?
3 who is the director of the international group called the human genome organization (hugo), which wants to coordinate sequence mapping research worldwide?
3 for which team did babe ruth play his first major league activity?
3 who was the generator of the famous fairy tale ``snow white and seven dwarfs''?
3 Who played for the Chicago Bears , Houston Oilers and Oakland Raiders in a 26-year pro football career ?
0 what's a rupture?
3 who was known to warn the group of massachusetts that the british would come?
4 where on the internet can i find a song database similar to the international lyrics dining-room attendant?
1 What was the name of Captain Bligh 's ship ?
4 what colorful sea region does the greek story say the amazons lived nearby?
3 who appointed the president of the federal reserve?
5 How old was Gene Siskel ?
0 What 's a short ton ?
1 What product `` doubles your pleasure , doubles your fun '' ?
3 What actress has received the most Oscar nominations ?
4 where can i find a "fifth element" filmdom saver?
1 what relation of the raccoon is sometimes known as a feline bear?
5 what's the power of the shuttle advocate?
5 what are the dates of the force race in pamplona (spain)?
1 what scale meter earthquakes?
0 what is the origin of the condition "the brooklyn side" in bowling?
1 Name a golf course in Myrtle Beach .
0 how do i log on to the main leaf of the u.s. command?
1 what is the most popular human body of gambling with women in las vegas?
2 What does the abbreviation AIDS stand for ?
0 what does the word camaro from the gm motor vehicle, the camaro mean?
1 what color is the lipstick on the lipid lips of boy george in the london madame tussaud?
5 what function of a beaver's life is spent swimming?
0 what's the deviation between ninjitsu and kung fu?
5 how many propeller helped the plane the wright brothers flew into history?
1 what clue is the best love play for a horoscope clue?
3 what name did the new york titans take in the 1963?
3 who is the lead musician of led zeppelin band?
5 In what year did Hitler gain power of Germany ?
3 who was the captain of the tanker exxon valdez, who was involved in the oil adversity in prince william sound, alaska, 1989?
1 what is the only message that gives food its "taste" when eaten?
4 what are the four largest mountain range on the asian continent?
0 what was nine tailors, the 1974 tv serial about?
3 who is the french literary character who is mainly famous for his enormous nozzle?
1 in hemingway "old man and the sea" what kind of pisces does the old man catch?
1 what is the medical word for blood cancer?
1 what diversion is played on the biggest field?
5 how many spear are there on kenya's flag?
1 what kind of sweet were super skrunch and peanut butter oompas?
0 what is gay science?
1 what was the cash -conscious colonel edwin l. drake world health organization first drilled?
0 how did the united states acquire an domain after the spanish -american war?
4 where is the massive north korean nuclear building complex?
5 how many people have died of infectious disease?
5 How long does it take the Milky Way Galaxy to make one revolution ?
0 how does a small clienteleman contact the good humor ice cream company to do clientele with them?
1 what famous psychological feature took place on march 27th?
1 What is the treatment for depression ?
3 what are the top -10 colleges in the united states in the field of application?
3 which actress holds the record for most of the performances on the binding of life?
1 What 's the term for a limestone deposit rising from the floor of a cave ?
5 How many astronauts manned each Project Mercury flight ?
5 What date is Boxing Day ?
1 What letter does Gorbachev 's middle name start with ?
1 What sports event is Meyer Wolfsheim supposed to have fixed in The Great Gatsby ?
1 What vehicles are raced in the Tour de France ?
1 what is a ball?
3 what's dr. ruth's last language unit?
1 which material in red wine is good for the heart and what exactly does it do to your body?
0 why would you lay eggs at the small goal?
3 What corporation does Madonna advertise for ?
4 What 's the name of a hotel in Indianapolis ?
1 Name the men 's cologne that is associated with the sea .
4 What are the only two states that incorporate the Confederate battle flag in their flags ?
4 which two japanese city are written with the letters k, o, t and y?
0 why are your hired hand sometimes cold, but the rest of you aren't?
0 what is a etymon canal?
1 which food device are used for disabled children?
4 what asian city boasts the largest bowling bowling alley in the world?
3 who's archie bunker with his son -in -law?
1 name a material from salt lake city.
4 what is the oldest assets of america?
0 what do players try to do when the music stops in a game of musical seat?
1 what's the fastest aquatic vertebrate in the world?
5 What year did Germany sign its nonaggression pact with the Soviet Union ?
1 what are the three animals in sheila burnford's the incredible journey?
1 what is a simple room to count the approximate number of fish in a lake?
5 When will Jean Aeul publish her next book ?
4 what is the name of the temple near the assets of laos?
1 what miniature can you make?
2 What is the abbreviation for micro ?
0 what is the difference between neoclassical artwork and romance?
3 name the five point that will follow the presidency.
4 what body of water did amelia earhart fly over when she disappeared?
5 how high does a natural elevation have to be to be called a natural elevation?
5 what are the numbers that fit in fermont's last string of words?
5 how many computer are there in the world?
0 What do a diamond and lump of coal have in common ?
3 who did the chicago bulls beat in the 1993 championship?
5 how many pages does an column have?
5 how many points are there on a backgammon circuit board?
5 How many shots can a stock M16 hold ?
5 how many curves are there in a standard office holding device?
1 what is the right room to use ````````may''vs `?
5 how many multitude are hiking?
0 why don't we ask for the check, not the bill in a building?
1 what name of beer is translated as ``big cat brew''?
1 what kind of dinner was invented in 1916 at the george jung noodle plant in los angeles?
3 what was humphrey bogart's name with the baseball team in casablanca?
5 How many people does Honda employ in the U.S. ?
0 where did the energy come from for the big blow?
0 what are beehive doing in cranberry moors?
1 what category of animal is winnie the pooh?
0 what are pomegranate?
1 all right, top four strips on a buttocks of pepsi, what colors?
4 Where can I learn about Samuel Gompers ?
3 who is the mathematician who won the nobel prize for literature in the 1950s?
3 what's the name of the institution that produces the american girl doll collection?
0 what's the difference between snow and crystal?
1 What board game does a `` wood-pusher '' play poorly ?
0 what is a "periodic event voter"?
1 what fast food is prepared with a secret blend of 11 herb and spices?''
0 Why does cotton get caught in belly buttons ?
3 Who won two gold medals in skiing in the Olympic Games in Calgary ?
0 why did the natural object enter a global depression in the 1929s?
3 What U.S. President showed a fondness for munching on bee pollen bars ?
4 What Las Vegas hotel burned in November , 1980 , with the loss of 84 lives ?
4 what former royal palace served as a storehouse, prison, arsenal, leprosy, mint, telegraph station and puff before becoming an art museum?
4 where's the biggest dam in the worldly concern?
3 what vital principle of the president should haunt the white house?
3 what famous comic record character died of acne?
4 Where is Ocho Rios ?
5 what is the date of the packing day?
1 which words in english have two u's rear to rear?
5 How many people in America snore ?
1 what's a concern of lice?
3 what kind of girl does "teddy" mean a loving word of?
0 How do I find out about jobs ?
5 what is the price of tuberculosis medicine?
3 which u.s. general was brought to justice for criticizing the american gas force?
5 how long should the tv mission of star trek's enterprise be?
4 which country boundary denmark in the south?
4 where's the biggest post place of business building in the world?
4 which city has the two steepest thoroughfare in the usa?
0 What does the word terrorism mean ?
5 How long is Camptown Racetrack ?
5 How many horses died during the civil war ?
0 What are the Poconos ?
3 who is known as "the oldest adolescent in the world"?
1 which connecting elements did whitcomb judson document in 1893?
1 what is a fear of solid or glass?
5 How much of the silver production is manufactured by independent silversmiths ?
4 what is a reliable web site that i heretic 2? can download?
3 What author did photographer Yousuf Karsh call `` the shiest man I ever met '' ?
4 Where can I find a case on Individuals with Disabilities Education Act of 1991 ?
0 what is the difference between inattentiveness and inattentiveness?
3 which american actress was the first to be called a evil spirit?
3 which apostle is taylor caldwell's great leo of god?
4 which landmass has the most roses?
3 what duty do fruits play in plant survival?
1 what is the name of the operating instrumentality running on ibm -compatible machines?
0 What is a neurosurgeon ?
5 of children between the age of two and eleven, what percentage timepiece ``the simpsons''?
1 What is a fear of gravity ?
1 which comedian was not produced directly from pulp magazines?
1 what is the international radio word for the document f?
3 who lived on the savings bank of the gitchee gumee river?
1 what category was winnie the pooh?
4 where can i find detailed data about manchukuo?
4 where can i find a large list of five to six culture words?
3 what net whipped its sports programs on inga nielsen's body in 197?
4 What southwestern state is dubbed The Silver State ?
5 how many people died from a breathing problem in the 1997?
3 who is the current prime minister and president of russia?
1 which chocolate bar, created by frank mars and his wife, is often referred to as the peanut milky way?
1 what household contains a flute testis, a testis cock and an overflow pipe?
0 how do i find a snowboard web site?
1 what are the names of the different digit?
3 what institution does madonna recruit for?
1 What Morris West novel deals with Russian bishop who becomes Pope ?
3 who was foreign minister during the nixon administration?
0 How does Zatanna perform her magic in DC comics ?
1 What war added jeep and quisling to the English language ?
3 who was the communicator of the book on computer hackers called ``the egg of cock': a spy through the labyrinth of computer spying''?
1 what document appears on the cold water faucet in spain?
3 which actress holds the record for most of the operation on the cover of life?
0 what is the difference and advantages of choosing a super vhs vcr compared to a normal vhs hypothesis?
3 who was the architect of central park?
4 What is the most populated city in the world ?
3 what's the name of the actress United Nations agency appeared in the movie "silence of the lambs"?
1 What garment was named for Bradley , Voorhees and Day ?
4 which country is the worldly concern's leading supplier of cannabis?
3 who provides electronic equipment service in orange county, california?
1 what kind of publication does fodor's publish?
0 what is e -commerce?
4 What is the state nickname of Mississippi ?
1 what semblance is the cross on the swiss flag?
3 who was the last charwoman executed in england?
1 what do the opposite side of a forehead always mean?
1 what tv display did john sebastian sing the theme for?
5 when was the combustion motor developed?
0 what was the real utterance in responses to say good night dick?
3 what network whipped its diversion programs on inga nielsen's body in 197?
1 what sports features hand and clean fools?
4 what is the longest suspension bridge in the natural object?
3 who was made up of the now non -existent comic team known as the ace?
0 why are movie and tv stars paid so much?
4 where can i find information on print media?
4 what is the us federal government computer for standard industrial classification codes, sic?
1 What alloy do copper and tin form ?
1 what is the result of chess if a player has no legal drift?
5 how many sawhorse died in the civil war?
3 who makes the car barrage ``die hard'?
3 who was the mother of the man who would not be baron, the duke of windsor?
0 how do ants have sexual activity?
4 What country did the ancient Romans refer to as Hibernia ?
0 why is plant fiber caught in bellows?
5 what season is the context for shakespeare's midsummer night's dream?
4 where can i find a list of all companies in america that offer a direct stock leverage plan?
3 which studio apartment was the bateau lavoir in montmartre?
1 what military action did the wanna -go -home riots after?
4 which state has the port of haifa?
1 what are the different type of contraceptives?
0 how do you get a girl to have sexual activity with you?
3 which mayor made so many tv appearances that he was invited by aftra in 1984?
3 Who portrayed Vincent Van Gogh in Lust for Life ?
5 What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
5 how many culture appear with the numbers from 2 to 9 on a phone?
1 what sign of the zodiac is the water carrier, the zodiac sign of the zodiac for?
5 how long does a canine sleep?
1 what english word comes from the old french covrefeu, meaning binding fire?
1 what's a concern of drinking?
3 what noble actor tells tv's the world at war?
1 what is the most popular liaison lens color?
4 where's the biggest dam in the natural object?
0 What is the history of Spartacus , the Roman slave and gladiator ?
3 what's the first name of the viking prince?
0 where did the u.s. army sergeant's badge come from?
3 what "great" baseball player is now a advocate for a beer company?
5 how many more weeks of winter are there when a rock sees its shadow?
1 what kind of tree decorates the pin of lebanon?
0 how do you identify prime book?
3 who was the second person to wear iron man's protective covering?
0 what are christopher marlowe's and shakespeare's literary contribution to english literature?
0 why does tuberculosis affect multitude?
0 How can I find a list of celebrities ' real names ?
5 how much of the earth's artifact is permanently frozen?
4 which country is the lineage of the band the creeps?
0 What are tannins ?
0 how does cannabis lead to other drugs?
3 what doctor in a 1946 -book says there's such a thing as a bad male?
0 how can a foreigner obtain a us social security system card?
1 What class of animals makes up more than two-thirds of known species ?
1 what do british companies have 175, 0 tons of beverage in 1982?
1 which old kids''fare did tv guide author jeff greenfield call one of the most subversive tv shows in american history''?
0 why do some fountain have a steam trail, others don't?
1 what kind of document did president andrew johnson want to place a copy under his head at his ceremony?
4 what body of water borders mauritania?
3 who was jinnah?
3 Who was the prophet of the Muslim people ?
0 what is making emotion?
3 which abstraction played in the film rock around the clock?
3 who was the last woman executed in england?
1 what kind of rummy is so "mixable" this is a one -time bar?
0 what does hamhamburger like steak hamburger do?
3 who wrote "the pit and the pendulum"?
5 how many administrative district have a "lemon law" for new cars?
3 Who was Darth Vader 's son ?
5 How many pitchers occupy the shelf beside the crouching woman in Edgar Degas 's 1886 painting The Tub ?
3 who was tiny tim's founder?
5 how far is the longest opening in one on a golf course and where did it happen?
5 hitler came to quality in germany in what year?
5 What is the average hours per months spent online by AOL users ?
1 what does 1963 joseph l. mankiewicz film $28 million outgo?
1 what does peter blatty roman say about the fear of regan macneil's possession of the devil?
3 what's the name of the famous ad who mistakenly flew to ireland instead of los angeles?
1 What is the main ingredient of yogurt ?
3 who is the director of the international abstraction called the human genome organization (hugo), which wants to coordinate gene mapping research worldwide?
1 what's a mammal's language unit?
3 Who are the top 10 richest people in the world ?
1 which woody plant can be planted that are safe from deer?
5 what is the highest act of home runs on record for a game?
5 What is the size of the student body at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst ?
1 what was john steinbeck's travel ally charley?
3 who is the most notorious villain in the 165 gunpowder plot?
5 what is the latitude and angular distance of el paso, texas?
3 what inspired apollo 11 astronaut to run the point while armstrong and aldrin made history?
3 which comedian was banned from the ed sullivan entertainment because he allegedly made an obscene gesture at the host of the entertainment?
5 how many points is a disk in the middle hole worth in crokinole?
3 whose first order of business was "let's blow this damn situation up"?
0 what are manifest and latent affair theories?
3 who turned everything he touched into precious metal?
1 what are archosaur castles?
4 which european state gave up stamps in 19203 because printing costs more than its nominal value?
1 for what film did lee marvin win the 1965 -best performer oscar?
3 what are the names of lucy and linus from peanut's comic publication?
3 who is the director and editor of the movie big with tom hanks?
5 what is the act of american soldiers not yet known from the vietnam war?
0 what is the lineage of the peace symbol?
0 what electrical phenomenon affect the shetland and orkney islands in the north sea?
0 What did Cool Hand Luke go to jail for ?
1 What does caliente translate to in English ?
4 what is the longest stream in the world?
3 what south african maker made a 1988 profit of $836 million?
0 how do i get free technical information about electric vehicle?
1 what is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease that attacks the protein shell that surrounds fiber bundle cells and causes a gradual loss of movement in the body?
0 how can you tell if person's lying?
1 What is the largest snake in the world ?
1 what do flat aquatic vertebrate eat?
4 what antioxidant -mail addrantioxidantss doantioxidants drantioxidantw barrymorantioxidant havantioxidant?
0 what is commonly referred to as the fifth common sense?
0 what do musician try to do when the music stops in a game of musical chairs?
5 how many hearts does an seafood have?
4 where can you find information about religion and health, genius and nutrition?
3 what is the name of the pop singer whose sung became the title sung for a kind of catsup?
3 what title did suzette charles adopt two time period in 1984?
0 how do web site like yahoo and excite make money?
1 what are the three ways in which weather rises on earth?
3 Whose funeral train traveled from Washington D.C. to Springfield , Illinois ?
1 in what military action in world war i were six soldiers killed?
1 at christmas, what is the traditional thing to do under the parasitic plant branch?
4 what london street claims to be the worldly concern center for men's tailoring?
1 what does an imaginary eidologist look for after the state of?
1 what's the biggest snake in the worldly concern?
3 What was the nickname of Frederick I , Holy Roman Emperor and King of Germany ?
3 who was the first president to appoint a adult to head a cabinet?
3 What are the three most successful companies of our time ?
1 what do you call one part of the finger from one roast to the other?
3 what russian maestro spy lived in the united states under the name emil goldfus?
0 what's a cone?
5 how many edible fruit varieties are there?
4 which country is the largest manufacturer of tungsten?
3 Who are Woody Woodpecker 's niece and nephew ?
4 what is the oldest website on the internet?
2 what is the right way to shorten cc.at the extremity of a business letter?
1 what clue is the best love play for a horoscope clue?
3 who invented the moog synthesizer?
3 what south african manufacturer made a 1988 profit of $836 million?
4 What United States city produces the most oil ?
3 who sang the song "hooked on a feeling" in the dancing child episode of ally mcbeal?
3 which famous new york city mayor wrote the hit musical composition, ````will you love me in december as you do in may?''
3 who was samuel johnson's friend and biographer?
3 what little son and dog lives in a shoe?
3 who is the person of india?
3 what is the name of the male offspring of actor rex harrimale offspring, who played in a modest television series in the late 1960s?
1 What does a deltiologist collect ?
0 what do i have to do to keep my dog in dominica for a class?
4 what are some mythology computer?
4 which ocean lane connects the mediterranean with the atlantic?
3 who became admiral of the seas and viceroy and governor -general of all the islands he could discover, and also received ten? of all the income of his journey.
0 What is the poetic meter of blank verse ?
0 how do i find out which cities are in a given sphere code?
4 what habitat does the person live in?
5 what is the life duration of the average monkey?
1 What sport features slotbacks , tailbacks , and touchbacks ?
1 what category of puzzle first appeared in the united states in new york world in december 21, 1913?
1 what is the best -selling record of all time?
5 what are the brake shoe sizes of o'neal, jordan and mutombo, the nba players?
2 What does the abbreviation cwt. ?
0 how does a submarine activity?
2 what does the e stand for in equation e =mc2?
1 what network activity sees the world champions of amateur champions receiving the uber cup?
1 what performer sometimes shows a mailman named beasley?
4 which political unit is closest to the united states after canada and mexico?
0 Why do they call a hamburger a hamburger when there is no ham ?
0 what are the environmental impacts on building complex genetics?
0 how do i e mail person at aol.com from yahoo.com?
3 what do you call causal agent who likes fire?
1 What do you call a section of your finger from one joint to another ?
3 Who is section manager for guidance and control systems at JPL ?
0 how can i find out which cities have telegram modem access?
3 who took over the power of milton obote in 1971?
1 what are the heading of some r -rate sony playstation games?
3 who domesticated the domestic fowl?
5 what's the might of the shuttle boosters?
3 who sings ben johnson's "drink to me with your eyes" song?
0 what do i have to do to get good grades at educational institution?
1 what was the language unit of the tv show with karl madsen called san francisco?
3 United Nations agency was the captain of the tanker exxon valdez, United Nations agency was involved in the oil disaster in prince william sound, alaska, 1989?
4 where on the internet can i get information about the fifth amendment to the american bill of rights?
0 why don't you have some kind of contest where you ask a question and who finds the answers wins a prize?
3 What information can you tell me about actor James Cromwell ?
1 What toy can you make sleep ?
5 on what date did rosa parks become a symbol of the civil rights drift for refusing to give up her seat on the bus?
3 what was the name of the first russian astronaut to take a space walk of life?
0 What is goulash ?
4 Which country is Australia 's largest export market ?
3 who was israel's first prime clergyman?
4 where can i take a examination that tells me what to be when i grow up?
1 what's a emotion of food?
3 who used to make rotary engines?
3 which company uses the unknown faces of its important person speakers to promote the use of its product?
0 How do I start a web based business ?
5 In what year was the movie the Ten Commandments released ?
1 what color were ernest hemingway's opinion?
5 what is most goals achieved by a team in an nhl hockey activity?
3 what's the name of the american swimmer United Nations agency won seven gold medals in the 1972 -year olympics?
4 which country is australia's largest export activity?
0 what is the difference between a introduction and a introduction?
5 What is the population of Mexico ?
1 which cattle has the greatest variety of breed?
3 what english insect had six fingers on one hand?
2 CPR is the abbreviation for what ?
0 what is the origin of the term ```four -letter language unit''?
0 what are the words to the sung that sings "banana in pajamas"?
3 who was darth vader's son?
5 when was the g7 abstraction of nations formed?
1 what is the geographical term for the sunken peripheral regions of a landmass?
0 How do you tell your parents you are dating an older man ?
3 name the blind artist who fell in love with the fantastic four.
4 what was the only country in the western geographical area that contributed to the russian -led boycott of the 1984 summer olympics?
5 how much do drug cost to treat tuberculosis?
3 what future corporate executive became the majority meal of the senate under harry truman?
1 what color, s, appears on the corner of kodak film?
1 what animal ate with a carpenter on bread and oyster?
0 what is a connective tissue marrow transplant?
3 which company has the internet browser mosaic?
3 who wrote the look of love after seeing ursula andress?
1 what materials did the three little pigs use to build their sign of the zodiac?
3 what are the only players world health organization can score points in roller derby?
3 which writer journalist described his mark with colorful broadway and subterranean characters?
3 whose cover is that of an worker of universal import and export?
3 who built car with rotary engines?
1 What is Nebraska 's most valuable resource ?
4 which country are linked by the brenner pass?
4 which pin is green?
2 What does JESSICA mean ?
1 what are the first ten payment?
4 where's the gum department mercantile establishment?
5 How many small businesses are there in the United States ?
4 What country boasts the most cars per mile of road ?
4 What building appropriately enough is depicted on the back of the 1-dollar bill ?
5 When did Lucelly Garcia , a former ambassador of Columbia to Honduras , die ?
0 what's the deviation between erle stanley gardner's case of the frightened typhoon?
1 what is the name of the cartoons negotiation circle?
1 What kind of education do I need to become a flight attendant ?
0 why does sound locomotion faster through water than air?
1 what's the language unit of the dog on the cracker jack box?
1 what was the name of the 1899 policy imposed on china whereby all nations had equal commerce rights?
4 Where did the Battle of the Bulge take place ?
1 what are the clue of a country going into recession?
1 what is a fear of devastation?
1 what is the brand language unit of daminozid?
1 what military action was the potsdam conference waged?
1 what boris pasternak publication sells 5,0 copies to the fiction bestseller of 1958?
5 how many scholar are enrolled at the university of massachusetts?
3 what stuffed tv character was born in baghdad?
1 what was america's rechessed filter roll of tobacco?
1 who was the first animal in space?
3 who is the famous sister of actress olivia de havilland?
3 Who is Johnny Carson ?
0 why do body of water contain salt water instead of fresh water?
5 how much money do you owe for having a dog on the geological formation illegally?
5 how many component make up a perfect five bowling score?
4 where did the guitar come from?
1 what is the medical condition in which a baby without a genius is born?
4 where does the strange shape of the fish edge tool come from for dinner?
3 Name the lawyer for Randy Craft .
1 what was john f. kennedy's 1960s campaign musical composition?
1 What do the Japanese call Japan ?
5 how many centimetric linear unit over six metric linear unit is milo's venus?
0 what is the fourth magnitude?
1 what's the stupidest domesticated organism?
5 when's boxing time unit?
4 which political unit imposed the berlin blockade in 1948?
1 what's the name of the low pressure loop around the equator?
3 who is the diviner of medina?
4 What New York City landmark has 168 steps to its crown ?
4 Where does dew come from ?
3 who was the first black golfer to go to the masters ball?
5 what brand decorates the black label of a vessel of jack daniel's?
0 why was henry ford's first cable car introduced as model t & his second type of cable car in 19208, called model a?
1 What is 55 times sweeter than cane sugar ?
0 what's the code, nautical?
5 how many record does each player have in a four -handed game of crokinole?
0 what is lung malignant tumor?
3 which u.s. general was brought to justice for criticizing the american air violence?
3 what's the language unit of the baseball team in pittsburgh?
3 which charwoman was time's man of the year for 1952?
5 how many revolutions does a standard lp kind in three minutes?
0 how do i get free technical message about electric vehicles?
4 what's the biggest municipality in connecticut?
3 who sent the short message ``i came, i saw, i conquered''?
4 which web site are linked to the report on genesis eldercare?
5 what share of the body is muscle?
5 what was the first minimum regular payment?
3 What was American folk hero John Chapman 's nickname ?
4 what is homelite inc. home page?
1 what is "little red car" mentioned in the pop singer prince's hit sung?
5 when is the nearest star to earth?
0 how do atmospheric phenomenon form?
3 who was the monk from the 15th? a century that gained control of florence and was burned at the post?
3 which company produces motivation heart services?
5 how many multitude live in chile?
5 how many objects orbit the earth?
1 What did Abolitionists try to end ?
3 Who was the first American poet to win the Nobel Prize for literature , in 1948 ?
1 What was the name of the American ship sunk by a mine in Havana harbor , causing the Spanish-American war ?
1 what's the fastest and easiest way to get horny structure polish out of your clothes?
1 what was warlock wearing on his frontal bone in marvel comics?
5 how many equal slant are there in an equilateral triangle?
1 what color is chablis?
0 what causes infectious disease?
3 Who does Shakespeare 's Antonio borrow 3 , 0 ducats from ?
0 how can i register my web site in yahoo for free?
5 how many group did randy kill steven craft?
3 which company uses the unknown side of its celebrity speakers to promote the use of its product?
4 What country is the largest diamond producer ?
3 who was the first american poet to win the nobel prize for literature in 1948?
3 who started the dominos pizza chain?
1 what kind of training do you need to become a sports leader for the nfl?
4 which country is the world's largest businessperson of cognac?
4 What 's the most common street name in America ?
0 what is the creating by mental acts of the ship titanic?
3 who invented the game scrabble?
5 what percentage of the body is muscleman?
1 what part of your consistency does the corpus callosum contain?
1 what tv display was on january 15, 1981?
4 what administrative district is edmonton in?
0 how do i activate my lan circuit board so that it can be connected to another computer without hub?
1 what food are for healthy bones and teeth?
0 what's the difference between the anus and the body part?
1 what is the electronic device used to create visual demonstration that match the electrical signals?
4 which u.s. country boasts stone mountain, the world's largest mass of exposed granite?
3 Who is actress Goldie Hawn 's current actor boyfriend ?
1 What disease does Katharine Hepburn have that makes her voice shake ?
3 who was the captain of the tanker exxon valdez, who was involved in the lipid disaster in prince william sound, alaska, 1989?
3 What Nazi leader killed himself in jail just before he was to be executed as a war criminal ?
1 what movie marked robert redford's decline?
3 what mormon person would have had 27 -year -old women?
4 what is the longest point name in the united states?
0 What is the Immaculate Conception ?
5 What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England ?
0 how do you throw an knowledgeability party?
1 which frederick forsyth novel reports about the upset of an african government by mercenaries?
3 Name the organization that is presided by a Security Council .
3 who invented baseball?
5 how much might does the brain need?
0 what are the cookies on the internet?
3 who should i call to take a journey of the new york stock exchange?
5 what was the day of the invasion of iraq in kuwait?
3 who sued dannon yougurt for using a character named ron raider for forwarding?
1 what semblance is the lipstick on the wax lips of boy george in the london madame tussaud?
1 what's the language unit of the vaccine for chickenpox?
3 what italian leader has been afraid of the evil eye for biography?
5 how many frames does a magnetic disk camera make?
2 What does e.g. stand for ?
4 name the state where honecker lived.
1 what was the name of the american vessel that was sunk by a mine in the port of havana and started the spanish -american war?
0 what function does homeostasis have on the existence of an living thing?
4 what european assets celebrated its 2.000th anniversary in 1951?
0 What is the origin of `` Beauty is in the eye of the beholder '' ?
4 where do i find correct tabs for third eye blind sung?
4 Where did the Japanese Imperial Forces surrender to end WWII ?
1 what film did shirley maclaine show as a prostitute and jack lemmon as a wrongdoer?
3 who were the five marx brothers?
3 who portrayed the title fictional character in the day of the schakal?
3 who killed jfk?
0 What is platinum ?
3 what future deer orion portrayed annie hall's neurotic brother duane?
5 what percentage of child between the age of two and eleven "the simpsons"?
0 What effect does friction have on perpetual motion ?
0 how do i install a tile horizontal surface?
3 who said he killed 4,280 buffalo as food for pyrimidinehe crew pyrimidine hapyrimidine builpyrimidine pyrimidinehe kansas pacific railway?
4 What eastern state sprouted the first commercial nuclear power plant in the U.S. ?
5 how much medium of exchange was the minimum wage in 1991?
4 which political unit and western singer is known as silver fox?
4 What Colorado city owns its own glacier ?
1 What are some good exercises for kids to do ?
1 which two ships led the first sea battle between metallic element ships?
5 how much of the silver production is produced by independent silver plant?
0 What facial feature typically contains about 55 hairs ?
5 What is the pig population of the world ?
3 who defeated napoleon in jena and auerstadt?
1 what is the fastest growing comic book of all case?
1 what are the different approaches of instrumentality analysis?
4 where do i find the name of all 15 -pokemon?
5 what amount of folic compound should a mother -to -be take daily?
5 What was Einstein 's IQ ?
1 what's a emotion of drinking?
1 What is a technique popularly used to detect birth defects ?
3 which female suspect in the clue plot is single?
4 where can i find up -to -date information on surface temperature on the slide, preferably along north america and the caribbean?
3 which mustachio performer portrayed frankie in northern alaska?
5 what is the death penalty for people who die of infectious disease?
4 what is the assets of burkina faso?
5 How much does the President get paid ?
3 Who is the president of Bolivia ?
0 what does the liquid body substance sed rate mean?
5 When was the battle of the Somme fought ?
1 what were popular musical composition and types of musical composition in the 1920s?
3 the name of the scholar whose literal translation depended on the chinese and japanese ezra pound?
5 when was cigarette advertising banned on television and radio receiver?
1 what does a football look like in the nfl rule record?
3 What first name was Nipsy Russell given at birth ?
3 United Nations agency is the son -in -law of sen everett dirkson, United Nations agency was also a senator of the 70s?
1 what's the biggest diapsid in the world?
5 what is the average day when most shopping malls start putting up christmas decoration?
3 who published the internet worm in the late 1980s?
1 What is one of the languages spoken by the Sioux called ?
3 who drove through florida looking for the spring of youth?
3 who played for the chicago bears, houston oilers and oakland raiders in a 26 -year professional football occupation?
3 which two commanders executed the troops in the military action of el alameina?
3 what famous fool appeared on an early howdy doody show and insisted that clarabell be invented as a real fool?
4 Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?
4 what's the name of a building in indianapolis?
4 What nationality was Jackson Pollock ?
0 What is the difference between khaki and chino ?
4 where can i get a representation of prussia on the internet?
3 who liberated sicily and naples?
0 how is the metallic element cleaned?
3 Who released the Internet worm in the late 1980s ?
3 Who made the first surfboard ?
4 which u.s. administrative district borders illinois in the north?
3 which polity or polity authorities are responsible for dealing with racism?
4 which two municipality typically mark the extremes of the sleeve canal?
3 Which radio stations air the Jim Bohannon Radio Talk Show ?
4 What are the largest breweries in the world ?
3 who was the film director of the wild bunch?
1 what delicacies do you call tactless as inserted ruminant?
0 why does the heavier-than-air craft crash or slide down?
5 how big is the organic process of the matterhorn in disneyland?
0 how does a submarine employment?
1 what are the seven wonders of the worldly concern?
3 who was the first u.s. president?
0 How do I log on to home page at Headquarters U.S. European Command ?
1 what was the first video recording ever?
5 how many colors are there in a bow?
1 what is the recipe or mathematical statement for coca -cola?
0 what is the origin of the term ``buffalo wings'', which is used as a menu item in bars throughout the nation for chicken in a spicy condiment?
4 which three european political unit begin with letter a?
4 where did freidreich wilhelm ludwig leithardt, prussian born person, go to school?
3 who invented the well?
1 What 's approaching when a cyclist shouts : `` Oil '' ?
0 How does lightning travel ?
3 what's the name of the ball game team in pittsburgh?
1 What are the top 5 fiction books of all time ?
5 what proportion of the natural object's flora and fauna are found in the amazon forests?
4 Where can I find out the top 1 singles ?
1 what product did steven spielberg direct in 1975?
1 what sequence of the 1933's did the german nazis use to justify emergency decrees, lock up opponents and gain more power in themselves?
0 what is a leaky heart structure?
5 how many characters form a word for the writing examination?
1 What are the names of all the U.S. Navy aircraft carriers ?
4 which national passenger railing system in the country is via?
0 How would someone go about becoming an organ donor ?
3 whose covering is that of an employee of universal import and export?
5 in what year was the first document for the pull tab opener obtained on cans?
1 what was the first mutant broadcast in the united states?
5 how much does a ton of cement monetary value?
3 what culture has potlatch developed?
5 When was `` the Great Depression '' ?
3 what was the language unit of the lawyer who represented randy craft?
0 what are the short - and long -term effects of drinking league?
1 what is "little red cable car" mentioned in the pop singer prince's hit song?
5 how many web site are there in the world?
1 What was Franklin Roosevelt 's program for economic recovery called during the Great Depression ?
5 In South Korea , how many American Soldiers are there ?
1 What two vegetables are combined in succotash ?
3 Which of the following people is not associated with Andy Warhol ?
0 what is a virtual ip address?
3 who wrote nn dt nnp nnp'?
4 which city is blessed by the titus bow?
4 What city was John F. Kennedy nominated for president in ?
3 which baseball player had run most of the meter?
1 what was the name of the 1899 policy imposed on china whereby all nations had equal trade right?
5 when was the first alloy plant built in the usa?
3 which heir of the department store is responsible for installing a 3 -ton safe in front of the andrea doria underwater shipwreck?
3 What 's the supreme policy-making bureau of the Soviet Communist Party ?
1 what price is the "oscar" of promotion?
0 How do telephones work ?
4 which political unit have the highest proportion of university students?
4 what is the largest shopping French region in the world?
3 which of the following causal agent is not associated with andy warhol?
5 what month of the class is there no tv in iceland?
5 what proportion of the world's flora and fauna are found in the amazon forest?
4 in what part of the worldly concern was the six -day war waged?
4 where do i get information about custody record for the state of utah?
5 what is most content achieved by a team in an nhl hockey game?
0 How do you tell somebody you like them ?
1 what is the name of the american litearned run averagery earned run average, which includes 1896?
1 What foods contain vitamin B12 ?
0 what do japanese educational institution uniforms look like?
0 What 's the difference between sleet and freezing rain ?
1 what was the name of the computer in 2001: a space odyssey?
4 which state has the southernmost point in continental europe?
3 who won the battle of gettysburg?
0 What is the difference between a bachelor and a 1 bedroom apartment ?
1 what is the activity of alice's adventures in wonderland?
3 What level of government or governmental agency is responsible for dealing with racism ?
1 what kind of literary composition contains the line ````````getting old with me, the best is still'''''.
5 What year did the first issue of `` Playboy '' come out ?
5 what is the activity rate of condoms?
3 which dumbbell graduated from northwestern university?
4 which state saw the origin of the asian flu?
2 what does the form cpr mean?
4 what caribbean land is sometimes called little england?
1 which whisky is called "known" by the ship's company?
3 what was the ventura county police department that seized the largest measure of cocaine?
5 how's the temperature present?
3 who was the administrator of the wild bunch?
0 how do i get a complete tilt of all the people living under the last name kilvington?
1 what kind of a massacre in the penis of bugs moran's outfit?
4 Where does chocolate come from ?
0 what did john f. kennedy think was his biggest nonaccomplishment in office?
1 all right, top four part on a can of pepsi, what colors?
1 what's the name of the low pressure belt around the great circle?
5 how long does a dog physical condition?
1 what is a technique that is often used to detect birth imperfection?
1 What happened on January 15 , 1969 ?
0 what is the origin of the word cannabis?
1 what is a fear of social control?
1 what's the name of the song dracula plays on the harmonium?
1 what was the cash -conscious colonel edwin l. drake United Nations agency first drilled?
1 What 12-hour cold medicine uses the formula `` 6 , 6 , 12 '' in its ads ?
3 Who makes the `` cross-your-heart bra '' ?
1 name the islamic equivalent to the red cross.
5 how many multitude visit the pope every month?
1 What is celebrated during the week of February 21-27 ?
5 when was the first room invented?
3 who's rocky's and bullwinkle's lost friend?
0 what is agra's claim to honor, india?
1 what's a concern of food?
4 where does photosynthesis take home in a tree?
0 what is the difference between pop music and rock 'n' roll and roll?
1 what 1964 movie was the sung my kind of town?
0 How can you stop the itch from poison ivy ?
0 how do you send a film transcript to hollywood so it can be produced in a product?
3 Who played the part of the Godfather in the movie , ` The Godfather ' ?
0 what is the literal meaning of ```d -day''?
4 What is the deepest area of the Arctic Ocean ?
5 what percentage did thatcher like after a ten in power?
4 which u.s. municipality is the queen of the pacific?
3 world health organization was the actor world health organization played sam in the movie casablanca?
1 what's solid made of?
3 who is pia zadora with a millionaire husband and intellectual?
5 what's the difficulty with having a dog on the beach?
3 who wrote sons and lovers?
3 what multi -talented academy award -winning administrator missed a college course in film production?
3 who invented the fax?
0 How can I gain access to a spy satelite ?
3 who accompanied space ghost on his nongovernmental organization?
3 which reproducer manufacturer is a little faster than its time?
1 what was the name of sergeant preston of the yukon's scout dog?
3 what is the most common appellation of the u.s. college football teams?
3 who advertises for frito -lay?
1 which cards are projectile?
0 why has shea & gould closed its place of business in l.a.?
3 Whose husbands have included Conrad Hilton Jr. , and Michael Wilding ?
4 which country is the world's leading supplier of shrub?
1 what three colors of liquid are used to print a u s dollar bill?
1 what is the most common type of body covering cancer in the usa?
1 what was the language unit of the popular song the creeps sang?
3 Who is the man behind the pig-the man who pulls the strings and speaks for Miss Piggy ?
3 which physicist designed today's st. paul's cathedral in london?
5 When is Boxing Day ?
1 what is the name of the operating system running on ibm -compatible machine?
1 what diversion is known for hooligans?
4 where are jewel mined?
1 what field sport does the dentist william beers have a standard book of concept for?
3 name a female ice athlete.
1 what was the name of hitler's unsuccessful attempt to overthrow the bavarian politics in munich in the 1920s?
0 what is wetness?
1 what is the organism of notre dame university?
1 name the soft drink that is "amount one in the sun."
0 what do the defamation neil, mary and anthony mean?
4 What U.S. state are the Finger Lakes in ?
4 which country do not have government income tax?
5 how many equal side are there on a scale rack?
4 which political unit, other than germany, invaded poland in september 1939?
5 how long may james bond have been cooking his foodstuff?
5 how many votes in congress were against the 1941 announcement of war against japan?
5 How many calories are there in soy sauce ?
3 who wrote the poem that begins ``i love your lips when they are made of wine and red with a warm desire'''wet?
4 What nation boarders Mozambique ?
2 what does the ```c''in mathematical statement e =mc2 mean?
3 what green bay packer's coach philosophed: "there's relative quantity that shoots fire like hate"?
3 who said the only thing we have to fear is fear itself?
4 what are the five best oil -producing countries in the worldly concern?
4 what was the only political unit in the western hemisphere that contributed to the russian -led boycott of the 1984 summer olympics?
3 who is stein eriksen?
3 which u.s. general officer was brought to justice for criticizing the american air force?
0 how do you determine if a computer monitor has an svga musician?
3 which reformer wrote sexual politics and flies?
5 what seven digits follow the territorial code in the number for remote data?
3 who played the ringo kid in the 1939th product stagecoach?
4 which london street is the residence of british journalism?
5 How much pizza do Americans eat in a day ?
0 what does photographic equipment -ready art mean?
5 the first sending of cnn took place on what date?
4 what is the name of the opening between sweden and finland?
0 what is probability hypothesis?
5 when was general manuel noriega appointed panama leader and handed over to the u.s. government?
5 how many word are there in spanish?
3 what mysterious writer wrote ``the aura that was greece and the aura that was rome'?
3 Who played Lucas McCain on The Rifleman ?
4 what does the seine goal in?
3 which of the following rock and roll celestial body has a star on hollywood boulevard?
3 who created the fantastic four, hulk and thor?
4 What is the capital of California ?
5 How long was the longest hiccup attack ?
3 what was the christian name of the title fictional character in our miss brooks?
0 How does a glacier form ?
1 what's the name of the lens behind the iris in the center?
5 how fast is a 45mhz central processing unit?
0 what is the difference and advantages of choosing a super vhs vcr compared to a normal vhs exemplar?
3 who was the author of the famous fairy tale ``snow white and seven dwarfs''?
0 what does a red flag mean when racing motor vehicle?
2 What is SVHS ?
4 what is the most common street language unit in america?
0 How come a doughnut has a hole in it ?
1 what weapon did the crucified opening harbor in english castles?
5 what is the estimated total population of the u.s. ruminant?
1 what substance did joseph priestley name for his ability to erase writing implement marks?
0 why does a woman have to be a innocent to be a nun?
3 what tv host name a series of men's clothes?
1 What was the first ready-to-eat breakfast cereal ?
4 What is the highest peak in Africa ?
3 who was known to warn the multitude of massachusetts that the british would come?
3 what male offspring of a 15 -year -old mexican girl and a half -irish father became the most famous greek in the world?
3 who commands the starship enterprise in star trek?
0 what impression does lsd have on the brain?
1 which frederick forsyth novel reports about the overthrow of an african government by adventurer?
1 what's the language unit in ballet?
1 what is the lowest property of american justice?
1 what did people use to freshen their breath before the dentifrice?
5 what day of the time period sees the deadliest car accidents?
1 what are some translation of the phrase ``thank you''''?
3 who won the rugby world cup?
1 What is a fear of hair ?
4 Where is South Bend ?
1 what was the person whale that died of a fungal infection called sea world?
5 at what time of year is atmosphere transport the hardest?
5 what is the average amount of hours of american workers?
3 what claim did suzette charles adopt two months in 1984?
4 What Russian city boasts the Hermitage Museum ?
5 how many innings form an official ball game game?
0 what are some interesting facts and information about dog animal group?
5 how much medium of exchange did the former philippine dictator marcos steal from the treasury?
1 in the fiction by jules verne, scientists are held in the submarine nautilus?
1 what's a good book for people world health organization hate to read?
3 what happening woman wrote the inspiring book i believe in happenings?
1 what's a emotion of food?
1 what did a 16th -century aztec athlete get for sticking a rubber game equipment through a ring?
4 What country and western singer is known as The Silver Fox ?
3 who won two gold award at the olympics in calgary?
0 why is cotton caught in bellow?
3 what kind of daughter does "teddy" mean a loving form of?
1 what soft swallow did madonna pitch for?
4 where can i find message about detergents on the internet?
3 what famous british performer lost his voice after an operation in 1966?
4 What was the nationality of Jackson Pollock ?
3 which baked goods company has put cisco kid stickers at the end of their packages?
0 What are the Arabic Numerals from 1 to 10 ?
3 Who said `` What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''
4 Where was Lincoln assassinated ?
0 what's a atmospheric phenomenon?
3 which bestseller of the modern writer was the co -founder of the famous city lights bookshop in san francisco?
4 where can i find up -to -date information on surface fundamental quantity on the coast, preferably along north america and the caribbean?
1 What book is subtitled The Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life ?
1 what is an example of a natural acid base index?
4 What man-made waterways is 1.76 miles long ?
0 how can i get person's phone number if i only have their screen name?
3 What explorers followed Columbus to the Americas ?
3 who sings ben johnson's "drink to me with your eyes" song?
5 in what year did montana become a administrative district?
1 what is the fastest commercial motor vehicle you can buy in the usa?
0 what's the fib with the soft drink, mr. pibb?
0 what is the proud claim to fame of the young women United Nations agency formed kappa alpha theta?
1 what product's ads claim that it ``eliminates property, kills germs, mold', and flour?
0 what was the name of the component calcium?
0 What is Plc ?
3 who played the claim role in my favorite martian?
1 what's the name of the lens behind the iridaceous plant in the eye?
4 what nationality were the 123 people world health organization died in the black hole in calcutta?
3 who was the first woman in attribute?
5 What was the first minimum wage ?
5 what is the current agenda from cairo to barbados?
3 what beast and madman wrote a book called cruel shoes?
5 What number of American soldiers remain unaccounted from the Vietnam war ?
1 what color are tennis testis?
0 What is an arab strap ?
3 who was the author of the famous fairy message ``snow white and seven dwarfs''?
3 who was the first actress to appear on a postmark?
3 what celebrity couple, during a divorce, split their toilet paper into two equal large indefinite quantity?
3 who was thucydides?
5 what is the new age to switch a juvenile from a cradle to a bed?
3 who was the first woman to fly across the atlantic alone?
1 what kind of betting is used in equine racing?
3 what did andy hardy do for a experience with his father?
5 how many hours does it take for a writer to produce a 100 -page dramatic composition?
4 which political unit boasts the palace of ismail and the palace of king farouk?
0 what is a leaky intuition valve?
4 which country is the largest diamond manufacturer?
3 what was the world's largest division store called?
3 What kind of organization is ` Last Chance for Animals ' ?
1 What is a fear of everything ?
1 What do you call a book of quotes ?
5 how many minutes were there on the original ge college bowl timepiece?
3 Who found Hawaii ?
3 what corporate executive kissed the queen mother on the lips?
4 w headdress room did w.c. fields keep his library in?
1 What is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as : involuntary movements , tics , swearing , and incoherent vocalizations , grunts , shouts , etc. ?
1 What stringed weapon fires a bolt ?
1 what six words follow the line ```from a male to a king''''''''?
1 what is the only work by michelangelo that bears his name?
0 how can i find out my musical time?
1 what's a fear of adult?
3 What is the most common name ?
4 Name the highest mountain .
1 what kind of file does the extension.dbf have?
5 how many miles of corridor are there in the pentagon?
3 Who 's The King of Swing ?
4 where are the busiest geographic point in the world?
2 What is the abbreviation of General Motors ?
5 How much did Varian Associates try to sell its vacuum products division to the BOC group for ?
0 how do i know causal agent's really in love with me?
0 what does "e pluribus unum" mean on the fractional monetary unit?
3 who said, "i'm down on prostitute and i won't stop tearing them up"?
5 how many avoirdupois unit are there in one stone?
4 What country was Mikhail Gorbachev the leader of ?
5 How many people was Randy Craft convicted of murdering ?
0 what is the origin of the phrase of writing practice ````now is the time for all good men to support their state''''''''''''''''''
3 what was the name of the american heavier-than-air craft pilot who was shot down over north korea?
5 How much time does the blinking of an eye take ?
5 How many corners does a spritsail have ?
0 what is the message of the latin battle cry: ad arma, ad arma.
3 what government did the untouchables activity for?
3 which director made a silent and sound interpretation of the ten commands?
3 which basketball musician is credited with 23, 924 rebounds?
1 which 1956 grace metallious novel was on the bestseller list for two time of life?
5 how many guys play the plot in winslow homer's 1872 painting snap the whip?
4 Where can I find information on the cyclone that hit New Jersey on 8/28/1941 ?
1 what is a word whose letter can be rearranged to form another word?
3 which u.s. general was brought to justice for criticizing the american atmosphere force?
1 what's the high sound property you hear in your ear now and then, but then it disappears after a while?
3 who is the french literary character who is mainly famous for his enormous nose?
3 who wrote the poem that begins ``i love your lips when they are made of wine and chromatic color with a warm desire'''wet?
0 How can I find a list of , fax and or email , addresses for human resource departments in Massachusetts ?
0 Give a reason for American Indians oftentimes dropping out of school .
3 who was the first american in attribute?
3 who killed caesar?
4 which city produces the most petroleum?
1 what is considered to be the most monetary value -effective disaster the insurance industry has ever faced?
1 what is the medical condition in which a baby without a neural structure is born?
3 in the 1920s, who maintained the survival of the pilots?
3 who was the first american in space?
0 what was the first funk'n lata, brazilian abstraction, success?
0 how is the seventh of fabric done?
2 What does the T.S. stand for in T.S. Eliot 's name ?
4 What is the largest museum in the world ?
4 what city was known for its legume soup?
1 which harmonium contains the islands of langerhans?
0 How do you clean an LCD monitor screen ?
0 in waugh "a handful of dust", what does the crazy old man make the champion do every afternoon?
3 which player sits on average three times during a double external body part baseball?
5 what is most goals achieved by a team in an nhl hockey plot?
5 How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?
4 What U.S. state has the lowest highest elevation at 6 feet ?
0 what are the greek human body?
4 What sun-blasted , 14-mile wide valley is just north of the Mojave desert ?
0 What is the origin of the word `` Teddy bear '' ?
0 why do chicken sing at five in the morning?
4 Where can I get piano music for the Jamiroquai song Everyday for the midi ?
0 why are your guardianship sometimes cold, but the rest of you aren't?
0 what happens to the female consistency with lack of sleep and food?
3 what combatant's life story is raging bull?
1 What does God create in the first sentence of the Bible ?
1 what committee game does a ````````wood dealer''play badly?
3 Who is Imam Hussain Ben Ali whom Shia people believe in ?
3 Who was the bandleader mentor of Ella Fitzgerald with whom she cowrote `` A_Tisket , A-Tasket '' ?
5 how many one-fourth are equal to a pound?
3 name of the mighty white trader in conrad's heart of darkness?
3 What director portrayed the commandant of the POW camp in 1953 's Stalag 17 ?
1 what was the name of america's first manned space course of study?
1 what's wrong with a man world health organization suffers from diphalic terata?
1 What soft drink not only has its own video game , but was featured in its own Marvel comic book ?
3 who is the leader of india?
1 what caribbean fad has marcus garvey founded?
0 how do you destroy bee that are in the walls of your house? will bee stay for the winter?
3 who portrayed the title character in the day of the schakal?
1 what's a fear of medium of exchange?
0 why does e seem to turn in machine, e.g. in car tyre, in the opposite direction when it slows down?
5 how many countries export chocolate?
1 what kind of courtship was the real hepcats wearing in 1942?
1 which ear can most multitude hear better?
3 what tv sitcom character was the maiden language unit ethel potter?
3 what famous singing ranch hand owns the california angels baseball team?
3 what honeymooners actress called television magazine the 1953's most promising star topology?
3 what chocolate institution gives you a kiss?
3 who played the most games for the new york yankees?
3 in what round did the british sovereign p.t. barnum sit with tom thumb?
1 What is a fear of shadows ?
1 what is the most popular four -player activity of all time?
4 Where in the Americas is it only 47 miles from the Atlantic to the Pacific ?
1 what color haircloth can i use to cover something gray?
1 what is smokey the bear's middle language unit?
5 how many time of life after high school does it take to become a neurosurgeon?
0 how can i stop backdrop noise in a stereo system?
4 What country in Latin America is the largest one ?
0 what is the lineage of the music?
1 name a product that controls the ripeness of edible fruit.
1 what is the word for the sum of all genetic substances in a particular organism?
3 Who was the Secretary of War in the Civil War during the Battle of Gettysburg ?
0 what is the lineage of boxing day?
4 Where is Inoco based ?
0 What is the history of Valentine 's Day cards ?
1 what condition does a czech use to describe a pole?
5 How many letters appear with the numbers 2 to 9 on a telephone dial ?
3 Who is John Macarthur , 1767-1834 ?
1 what kind of animal are black, yellow and brown bullheads?
4 what constellation is a hunter with a cross and carapace?
1 What ocean liner burned and sank in Hong Kong harbor ?
3 what's the language unit of tom sawyer's aunt he lives with?
3 which corporate executive of the united states have published poems?
1 what's the language unit of a dice player?
5 how many points make up a perfect five bowling mark?
3 who was foreign minister during the nixon management?
0 what article of the u.s. constitution may not be amended, amended or amended?
5 what is the scholar population at the university of massachusetts in amherst?
0 what is the origin of blue for boys and pink for woman?
5 how many different vegetation topographic point are there?
1 what are the illness that can be cured with black cumin?
3 which companies in alaska were affected by the oil liquid exxon valdez?
0 what happens when metallic element is given in water?
3 who was the generator of the book on computer hackers called ``the egg of cock': a spy through the labyrinth of computer spying''?
5 when did rokoko's painting and building develop?
1 what kind of betting is used in horse sport?
0 why did several san diego educational institution stop serving apples to students?
3 Name Dondi 's adoptive grandfather .
3 which texas surgeon performed the first artificial intuition transplant?
3 which german president was under press to appoint hitler chancellor in the 1933s?
0 what are the factors leading to the high teenage pregnancy magnitude relation in spartanburg, south carolina?
1 what are new computer game for windows 95 or 98?
0 What is so powerful about Power Bars ?
1 what does a football look like in the nfl rule publication?
4 What are all the rivers in Europe ?
3 what kind of former cabinet associate ronald reagan called federal policy towards the indians an example of the failure of socialism?
0 what is the deviation between a college and a university?
3 what tv family sometimes buys cream puff from nelson's bakery?
3 name the food company that has traveled to soviet georgia to film a ordering of ads.
1 what is the most delicate member of the bulb family?
4 what is homelite inc. web page?
5 How many cubic feet of space does a gallon of water occupy ?
3 which british father star of the 1960s and early 1970s was a child actress in the 1940s and 50s?
1 what is a 2 -sided physical entity called?
4 what do most tourists visit in reims?
4 where did he get the heading?
3 who was the lawyer representing randy steven craft?
1 what's the round function on the top of a matchbook called?
1 what animal poses the greatest threat to group?
5 how many guys play the game in winslow homer's 1872 painting snap the whip?
1 what international diversion was originally called hurley?
0 what is the function of the addendum?
0 what do you hear when you put a ammunition on your ear?
3 what does nicholas cage do for a animation?
5 in the 1990s, on what day of the workweek did christmas fall?
1 what holiday or celebrations are celebrated in italy?
5 what are the costs of medicines used in tuberculosis care?
5 how old is the population?
3 Who wrote the bestselling Missionary Travels and Researches in South Africa , published in 1857 ?
5 how many group are there in the world?
2 what does the form oas stand for?
1 what's the name of the second attribute shuttle?
0 what's the cashmere trouble?
5 The Olympic Games in which year allowed Nadia Comaneci to become popular ?
0 what is the staff of being mentioned in the lord's prayer?
1 what is the word for broken solid or sharp stones embedded in cement on a wall?
4 which country was a terrible smasher for leon uris?
4 what do most tourist visit in reims?
4 Where can I get information concerning child custody files for the State of Utah ?
1 What newspaper serves Salt Lake City ?
1 what kind of rocket launched the surveyor starship?
4 what is the second highest natural elevation in the world?
3 what future president became the majority nutriment of the senate under harry truman?
3 who is known as "the oldest teenager in the natural object"?
1 Name a medicine commonly used to combat AIDS ?
3 what was the name of the german heavier-than-air craft manfred von richter?
5 when did the american civil war extremity?
3 which ventura county police department has seized the largest cocaine merchandise in history?
1 what is the rudiment for latin?
3 who followed caesar?
0 what is the point of the term ``buffalo wings'', which is used as a menu item in bars throughout the nation for chicken in a spicy sauce?
3 who was the first black woman in the folies bergeres?
1 which cbs soap opera was interrupted by the bulletin on john f. kennedy's homicide?
3 what was the language unit of darth vader's son?
0 what kind of baseball countenance came from the nautical term for ships sailing in front of the panama canal between the atlantic and the pacific?
4 What is Mark McGwire 's e-mail address ?
3 What former African leader held his country 's boxing title for nine years ?
5 how many more time period of winter are there when a marble sees its shadow?
5 when was juvenile labour abolished?
5 how much could you rent a volkswagen bug in 1966?
2 what is the acronym for the air conditioning efficiency appraisal system?
5 when do gothic art and building thrive?
0 how do i get right to a spy site?
1 which mammal in north america is the longest living worldly concern for its size?
1 what are the disease that can be cured with black cumin?
0 what is the message of sentence 98?
4 where does buzz aldrin want to build a permanently manned attribute station?
5 When was the first steel mill in the United States built ?
3 what researcher was iberia's fender?
4 which rocky mountain ridge separates the north american stream east and west?
1 what does a drunkard want?
3 who built the first gas engine?
3 what are the names of the inhabitant of lesbos island?
1 what does a measuring instrument measure?
5 how many period are the symbol for ``cause''?
1 What do West Indian steel bands use as instruments ?
1 what animal poses the greatest danger to humans?
1 what is the main ingredient of dairy product?
1 what were million of children wearing on their heads in the 1955s?
1 what is a fear of parturition?
1 What 's the second-biggest-selling magazine in America ?
4 which four u.s. states have active volcano?
0 What is the definition of hazmat ?
4 what assets is built around the circle monument, which contains soldiers and sailors?
4 what is the highest batch in the world?
3 who invented the radio receiver?
4 what celestial consistency has a diameter of 864, 000 miles?
0 what caused the schism between the anglicans and the vatican?
0 what is the nature of precipitation and how is the formation of precipitation different from that of ice?
5 how many movies are made by the big studios in a time period?
1 What product is for kids , and not for silly rabbits ?
3 which actor and airman of world war ii had put a $5,0 assets of hermann goering on his head?
4 what was the first country that brought a second woman into distance?
5 how many eyes does a food have?
0 Why does tuberculosis afflict people ?
0 how to make the easter feast panoramic sugar eggs that with the view inside?
0 how do you write a correct critical psychoanalysis of a poem?
4 what former royal palace served as a granary, prison, arsenal, leprosy, batch, telegraph station and puff before becoming an art museum?
4 What Italian city of 155 were Leonardo da Vinci , Michaelangelo , and Machiavelli all working in ?
1 how can you help causal agent at chicken pox?
3 who was the first baron of england?
3 What professional cricketer 's son wrote The War of the Worlds in 1898 ?
3 which bestseller of the modern poet was the monoxide -founder of the famous city lights bookshop in san francismonoxide?
4 Where is the Rose Bowl played ?
0 why do people shake guardianship to show kindness?
0 What did Lenny Bruce say that got him arrested ?
4 where can i find scientific data, research papers, textile application?
1 what bird goes into the prominence after the chinese year of the monkey?
3 who did the biggest cocaine fire in ventura county history?
5 how many games are played in a five -team round thrush tournament?
1 What is the plural of gulf ?
2 what do the culture zip in the sentence "zip code" mean?
4 which political unit has cawdor castle, glamis castle and blair castle?
0 how can you become an fbi causal agent?
1 what's a fear of black?
3 what is the secret personality of comedian photographer peter parker?
5 how big is the arctic refuge to maintain unique wildlife and wildlife value on alaska's northern slide?
4 what's the largest region in massachusetts?
3 who became president of the united states in 1789?
1 in which deodorant did tenants have adjacent music cabinets?
0 how does ultraviolet light damage the dna of skin cells?
1 what's a fear of bee?
3 What piano company claims its product is the `` Instrument of the immortals '' ?
3 who was tiny tim's father?
3 which tv comedies are former movie star nora desmond, secretary of mrs. wiggins and a wife named eunice?
0 what is the function of a gathering water tower?
4 what is the longest place language unit in the united states?
5 how many nerve cell are in the human brain?
2 what does the word laser mean?
3 who is the administrator and editor of the movie big with tom hanks?
2 what does scsi mean in a calculator?
3 Name the Marvel team loosely based on DC 's Justice League of America ?
0 Why are eggs supposed to be stored small end down ?
1 What 's the world 's most common compound ?
3 what famous musical performance cowboy owns the california angels baseball team?
0 how do i know if i'm jealous of causal agent?
1 what four -legged creature has a cornell university study said that it would make humans the best friend in space?
1 what is a emotion of punishment?
5 when was the burning engine developed?
0 What does `` extended definition '' mean and how would one write a paper on it ?
4 are you referring to a country developing a magnetic railway arrangement?
3 who developed potlatch?
5 how long was mao's borderland in the 1930s?
3 Who claimed to be the world 's most perfectly-developed man ?
3 what is the middle name of the film maker joseph e. levine?
1 what does 1963 joseph l. mankiewicz film $28 million monetary value?
3 Who are the top ten richest people in the world ?
4 where is the natural depression of kings?
5 what's the airfield code for los angeles international?
2 What does BTU mean ?
3 who was the most famous food skilled worker of the new york times?
3 what celebrity couple, during a divorce, split their gutter paper into two equal stacks?
5 how many "no" answers were the what's my line? permission?
3 what famous british actor lost his voice after an mathematical process in 1966?
4 what are the four oceans of the worldly concern?
3 who was made up of the now non -existent comic unit known as the champions?
5 what's the amount for the university of kentucky?
4 Where did the Maya people live ?
1 what hair care commodity told us, "hate the gray, wash it away."
5 how many furlongs are there in a mile and a common fraction?
5 What are the dimensions of an ice hockey goal ?
5 how many miles of vein are in circulation?
3 who makes the code, ```photoshop'?
1 What Leon Uris novel dealt with the Russian capture of Berlin ?
1 what's the jewish rudiment?
1 what was warlock wearing on his feature in marvel comics?
3 Name the Ranger who was always after Yogi Bear .
3 what are the first names of lunt and fontanne's famous force and woforce?
5 When was Berlin 's Brandenburg gate erected ?
4 which neighbourhood is union of costa rica?
3 who shared a new york city apartment with roger maris when he reached the 61st residence runs?
3 what future deer skilled worker portrayed annie hall's neurotic brother duane?
0 what are liver enzyme?
3 who's the richest world in the world without owning a business?
1 what are the component of polyester?
1 what european race sees the winner of the mountain stage with a garment with big red points?
3 what was mao, the chinese drawing card, full name?
4 which emerging u.s. country boasts most airports?
5 how many pounds are there in one natural object?
3 who was the first woman in space?
1 what's a concern of mess?
0 why are movie and tv star topology paid so much?
1 what substance did joseph priestley language unit for his ability to erase pencil marks?
1 what category of sports team are the buffalo sabres?
0 How can I determine the radius of an ellipse ?
5 what is the chemical sensitivity of neon?
3 which sovereign is satirized in the line ```the sovereign was in the countinghouse and counted all his money'''''?
3 what famous actress has her first quality on stage at the age of five in the 191 year as a "baby"?
0 How do microwaves work ?
1 what children's fib contains the line ````come, cinderella, and keep this spear of wool for me'''?
3 who built the first successful grounder coaster?
4 which rectangle is the geographical centre of london?
0 What is a rhomboideus minor ?
1 what is the artwork of growing miniature trees?
0 why don't we ask for the confirmation, not the bill in a restaurant?
5 When was the slinky invented ?
1 which mosquito bites blood, dt nn cc dt nn.
1 what j.r.r. tolkien's book describes gimli as a central illustration?
1 what was the name of the mayan testis game?
0 what is franz kafka trying to tell us with his short fib "a country doctor"?
1 what has the chinese emperor presented to the english enlisted person gordon in recognition of his service in fighting insurgency?
4 what is the farthest planet from the sunday?
3 who portrayed "rosanne rosanna -dana" on saturday night live?
0 why are there twelve multitude on a jury in criminal matters?
3 What writer is famous for physically putting himself into the center of his subject matter ?
4 which administrative district is known as hawkeye administrative district?
4 which african political unit is governed by ouagadougou?
5 How many gallons of water go over Niagra Falls every second ?
1 what film showed the character of popeye doyle?
1 What is a fear of being cold ?
3 what names does the worldly concern know of kyriakos theotokopoulos?
5 how many guardianship does bjorn borg use when he hits his subspecies?
3 who was the bandleader, mentor of ella fitzgerald, with whom she used the "a -matty u tisket", a -task?
0 how do i get free technical data about electric vehicles?
3 Who is the director and editor of the movie Big starring Tom Hanks ?
5 How many bytes are in a terabyte ?
0 what is the use of a 24 -hour timepiece instead of a 12 -hour timepiece?
3 What camera company said , `` If you haven 't got the time , we 've got the camera ? ''
4 What two countries fought the Hundred Years ' War ?
0 What incident caused the canning of a summit conference between Eisenhower and Khrushchev ?
3 which buxom blonde appeared on the covering of more than five magazines?
4 which u.s. state has the lowest height at six infantry?
5 how many external body part injuries do you get every year when you're skating?
4 what's the next celestial body on earth?
3 which baseball team was routinely referred to by its frustrated device as ``the booms''?
1 what kind of andiron breed was the "little rascals" andiron?
0 how do you get a daughter to have sex with you?
5 How far away is the moon ?
3 who is the greek god of the ocean?
1 What Marx Brothers movie centers on a stolen painting ?
1 What war was fought by the Spanish as far as the Philippines ?
5 when did the jurassic fundamental quantity end?
3 who was the author of the novel "far from the madding crowd"?
3 which company was the original sponsor of tv's superman?
5 When was John D. Rockefeller born ?
1 what is dr. seuss' most popular record?
5 how many points are the symbol for ``origin''?
1 what failure has the irish dearth caused?
4 What state has the longest Great Lakes shoreline ?
4 which neighbourhood is geographical area of costa rica?
1 what will a child eat in the area, and store the chocolate on the outside for the last time?
3 which nba players had jersey amount 0?
4 what is the name of the sea ocean trip at the southern tip of south america?
1 what kind of animal is the lightest -kept darling there is?
4 which northernmost municipality in the country is darwin?
1 Name one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World .
3 Which of the following famous people does not paint as a hobby ?
5 How many people died in the Vietnam war ?
3 What is the nickname of the famous flyer who mistakenly flew to Ireland instead of to Los Angeles ?
1 What is a fear of money ?
5 how many more weeks of season are there when a marble sees its shadow?
0 how do you get to the peak of the eiffel tower?
4 where can i find the top one single?
5 how far is the longest hole in one on a outdoor game course and where did it happen?
1 what was the killer whale whale that died of a fungal infection called sea world?
3 what company claimed to be the largest toy storehouse in the world?
4 what do most traveler visit in reims?
5 how many linear unit are there between tel aviv, israel and memphis, tennessee?
5 how many years after high educational institution does it take to become a neurosurgeon?
0 how to write a publication report?
4 where is the virtual desk reference point?
5 how many leos were Catholic?
5 how many linear unit above six feet is tom selleck?
3 Who was the star of Leave It to Beaver ?
3 Which company claimed to be `` the world 's biggest toy store '' ?
3 what former african leader held the title of his state for nine years?
3 who turned everything he touched into amber?
4 where can an individual test a interaction lens that burned the entire eye surface when it is new?
0 what is the origin of the son "amen"?
4 which two japanese cities are written with the letter k, o, t and y?
1 Jude Law was in what movie ?
5 what was the first extremum wage?
4 what asian city boasts the largest bowling alley in the natural object?
4 What country in 1998 had the most suicides regardless of population size ?
3 what character in the beverly hillbillies is the language unit daisy moses?
0 why don't us duplicator machines work in the uk, nnp?
3 What actor first portrayed James Bond ?
0 how do you find out what can be claimed as a subsidiary rate for income tax determination?
5 how many multitude were killed in wars, armed conflicts?
3 which multitude make up half the population of the soviet union?
1 what is the term tennis to come from the french word for ovum?
1 what credit card does a centurion have on his face?
5 how many holes are there in a bowling testis?
3 Who was the prophet of the Jewish people ?
4 What state is known as the Hawkeye State ?
0 how do you get stupid kitten out of framework?
3 What is Dr. Ruth 's last name ?
5 How many more weeks of winter are there if a ground hog sees his shadow ?
1 what's the name of a male enchantress?
3 what's the name of the american swimmer who won seven gold decoration in the 1972 -year olympics?
3 who is count cinzano?
0 What is power steering ?
5 how many engine does a boeing 737 have?
1 which muhammad ali tactic was george foreman's first victim of?
1 which of the five common sense develops first?
3 who was the perfume lady charlie?
1 what is the only modern language that capitalizes its singular first person pronoun?
3 which actor in a day at the races said, "either he's dead, or my watch has stopped"?
3 who makes the "cross your center" bra?
1 What 's the most extensively grown and eaten food ?
1 which committee shows the areas irkutsk, yakutsk and kamchatka?
0 how do you destroy bees that are in the walls of your house? will bees stay for the season?
3 Who is the leader of India ?
1 what is a concern of sleep?
1 what is the statue of liberty wearing on her vertebrate foot?
5 what are men on a 455 -yard outdoor game course?
0 How do I stop background noise in a car stereo ?
1 what's the only gland in multitude who can regenerate themselves?
1 what kind of exercise burns most calorie?
0 how to use an computer network?
1 How do you say 2 in Latin ?
3 who wrote the red badge of courage?
3 who fired maria ybarra from her placement on the san diego council?
3 What Italian leader had a lifelong fear of the evil eye ?
5 what are the length of pearl jewelry?
0 what is the lineage of the name igor?
5 what is the protection magnitude relation of condoms?
0 What were the three prophecies the witches make to Macbeth ?
0 Why is Microsoft 's Windows 3 software so successful ?
3 who was the russian diplomat to hungary during the 1956 uprising?
1 What animal 's tail is called a brush ?
1 what story does quality have: ````who wants everything gets nothing''''?
1 What animal was the heat-seeking missile called the Sidewinder named for ?
3 who's the world behind the pig who pulls the strings and speaks for miss piggy?
1 what ability has the silk -boron -mat lost by adaptation?
1 What cereal goes `` snap , crackle , pop '' ?
5 how many trajectory schools are there in the united states?
3 what future soviet dictator trained to become a clergyman when he turned to marxism?
1 which organ contains the land of langerhans?
1 what's mississippi's language unit?
1 What is money made of ?
3 what pillar of the dutch renaissance did aristotle paint the female chest of homer contemplating?
3 What United States President had dreamed that he was assassinated ?
5 How many months does a normal human pregnancy last ?
5 what is the maximum number of baseball team a golfer can use in one round?
5 how many queen bees rule in a beehive?
3 who is the antichrist?
1 what language of 1966 has brought astronauts back in prehistoric times?
5 the first transmittance of cnn took place on what date?
1 name a merchandise that controls the ripeness of apples.
4 where do i find the address of a person with a electronic equipment number?
3 who was randy steven craft's lawyer?
4 What country was Hitler the chancellor of ?
1 name the two mystical corvine bird odin has at his command.
4 which city in china has the largest number of foreign financial ship's company?
3 who holds the nfl record for most touchdowns in one season?
1 what course of study do i need to start a.tbk file?
5 how many home runs has babe ruth hit in his being?
1 which five game make a perfect cribbage hand?
3 What army 's motto is Blood and Fire ?
0 What do the names Andrew and Christina mean ?
3 what robust u.s. president imported his own teacher after watching a judo lighter?
5 what are the possibility of pregnancy if the penis does not enter the vagina?
0 What caused the Titanic to sink ?
4 what continent is driving the executive committee's batch chain?
1 What wheel did Blaise Pascal invent in a search for perpetual motion ?
3 who owns the rights to a tv program?
1 which mosquito bites liquid body substance, dt nn cc dt nn.
3 who was the chairman of the senate committee that tried to find watergate?
3 which president also became a supreme court evaluator?
3 name the two blob penis of the animated herculoids.
4 where can i find a appraisal of nightmare on elm street in a film journal?
4 which political unit have sierra nevada mountains?
0 why did some san diego schools stop serving edible fruit?
3 which tv comedian worked with white fang, black tooth and pookie the lion?
4 which political unit ruled king wenceslas?
4 on what island are statues called rodent?
0 how do light bulb come out?
3 name the two boys United Nations agency were rescued by the animated moby dick.
4 which european political unit gave up stamps in 19203 because printing costs more than its nominal value?
0 why not remove a bee sting with pincer?
0 how is salt solution used in music?
4 what asian country was once enthusiastic about the sport of cricket conflict?
0 How can I get someone 's phone number if I only have their screen name ?
3 who led the normans to victory in the battle of hastings?
5 how much is a 1967 -dollar canadian amber coin worth?
5 how many spaces follow a period at the extremity of a sentence?
0 why does tuberculosis affect group?
0 What is the origin of the word `` tampon '' ?
1 in beetle bailey, can you call sarge's canine?
0 What are amphibians ?
0 what is a bone marrow graft?
0 What is the origin of the first name ` Breony ' ?
5 how many nipple does a goat sport do?
1 what product did robert conrad dare people to pat him on the body part?
4 which two cities typically mark the extremes of the sleeve channel?
5 when was the last meter the vesuvius broke out?
3 who is samuel pickering?
0 what do the red and white band mean in a hair salon?
5 How many different countries export coffee ?
5 how many computer memory unit are in a terabyte?
5 how long do you have to repay debts after claiming chapter 11 bankruptcy?
5 when did the function of the syringe first appear in medical history?
0 what was nine tailors, the 1974 tv series about?
5 what is the chemical phenomenon rate between england and the us?
1 what kind of animal are there in cambodia?
0 what is the origin of the carbohydrate cane at christmas?
1 What is the procedure called for drilling a hole in your skull to acheive a higher consciousness ?
0 What makes thunder ?
0 Why is the universe flat , if it started by an explosion , shouldn 't it be a sphere ?
0 How can I look up someone 's E-mail address on the Internet ?
5 how many chairs are there in vincent's van gogh's 188 activity the artist's room in arles?
3 who was the founding penis of the pink floyd band?
0 how do i change a record from an art record to a jpeg or bitmap record?
4 tell me, what municipality is kentucky horse park in?
0 how does light move through the nonexistence of space when there is no medium for it ``wave''or ``pulse'.
3 who died a meter from john f. kennedy?
1 what is the term for a abstraction of geese?
3 who invented underpants?
3 who was camp david named after?
4 where can i find chemical importer on the internet?
1 in what battle in world war i were six enlisted person killed?
4 what german municipality do the italians call monaco of bavaria?
5 when did the chernobyl nuclear mishap occur?
3 who was the first black man to coach a major league professional sports team?
4 What state does Martha Stewart live in ?
0 what is a hydrogen shackle?
3 What kind of people took part in Shays ' Rebellion in Massachusetts in 1787 ?
5 which chapter of the bible has the most poetry?
1 what's dudley do's equine's name?
5 how many juvenile does ray davies have from the kinks?
5 how much will california's gas tax increase with the 21st time period?
0 why does a woman have to be a virgo to be a nun?
5 how many prisoner were killed at the entebbe?
1 what is the collective substance for fathead?
1 what's heavier with elite or milk?
5 how many propellers helped the plane the wright brothers flew into past?
1 what does peter blatty roman say about the horrors of regan macneil's possession of the monster?
3 name a dog cartoon character except huckleberry hound to have a spokesperson of daws butler.
4 which mountain range is crossed by the highest railway in the natural object?
4 where does most of the cannabis that comes to the united states come from?
3 who hired jackie kennedy to write the death of a president of the united states?
5 what are world on a 455 -yard golf course?
0 What causes headaches ?
3 who is the leading rival of trans union company?
0 what is the quality between optical and digital video?
0 what is a state of matter release?
3 Who directed `` Jaws '' ?
0 what is a virtual ip savoir-faire?
1 What flower did Vincent Van Gogh paint ?
5 how many muscles does an bivalve have?
0 what were the first words spoken on a movie soundtrack?
0 What will happen when sodium is put in water ?
0 what are fairness securities?
5 how long does physical condition last in humans?
4 what populated state covers 49,576 square nautical mile?
1 what contest is 1137 miles long?
0 how is the vote of a new pope announced to the world?
5 what is the death punishment for people who die of tuberculosis?
0 what is the origin of the term "blue satellite", and how often do they occur?
1 what operating system runs on ibm -compatible machine?
3 what is your occupational group?
4 where was the sixth annual confluence of indonesian and malaysian forest experts?
3 who are the nomadic hunters and gatherer of the kalahari desert in africa?
1 name one of the seven curiosity of antiquity.
4 which countries have the best science students?
3 who was the first english sailor in the world?
3 what mysterious u.s. vice president was once accused of crime and acquitted in a conspiracy to build his own independent empire in the west?
4 where did the 196 -year olympics take point?
1 what was the language unit of the american ship that was sunk by a mine in the port of havana and started the spanish -american war?
4 What city would you be in if you were feeding the pigeons in the Piazza San Marco ?
1 what the longer gamete produces: an elephant or a mouse?
5 what percentage of fresh binary compound in canada is available worldwide?
0 what is the feudal arrangement?
1 what's the language unit of jacques cousteau's research vessel?
5 how many americans own their building?
3 who played the title role in i what a teenage werwolf?
5 what is the percentage of child two to eleven years old who watch the simpsons?
1 what is the first record of the old testament?
1 what is the slowest olympic swim hit?
5 what is the student people at the university of massachusetts in amherst?
3 who wrote the publication "song of solomon"?
5 what year was the rampart built?
4 Where do you find the answers for all these questions ?
3 what mythical human body wears a hourglass and a scythe?
4 what country used the airplane as a weapon of war against the turks in libya?
1 What animals can live the longest without food ?
3 What organization is the Security Council a part of ?
1 what kind of crystal exist?
0 what is the message of caliente in english?
0 what qualifications are there for people United Nations agency donate blood?
0 what's the message with the soft drink, mr. pibb?
1 what was the first tv with a remote?
1 What 's the most popular contact lens color ?
3 name the two son who were rescued by the animated moby dick.
1 which auricle can most people hauricle better?
5 where is the us among the country of the world in the region?
3 what is the best art and blueprint school in the world?
5 how many freckles does howdy doody have on his side?
0 why can't you taste anything when you have a coldness?
3 what wrestling star topology became the incredible hulk?
1 which two vessel led the first sea battle between iron vessel?
5 what is the people of arcadia, florida?
3 name the two daughter of actress john mills.
1 which brew has advertised that it has "three rings"?
5 how many astronauts had ever manned project mercury trajectory?
5 when did fraze get his first patent for the pull -tab can?
3 who published the internet worm in the late 1980s?
3 who's zebulon pike?
5 how many product has drew barrymore been in?
0 what effect does lsd have on the neural structure?
1 what's a concern of bees?
3 who was the performer who played sam in the movie casablanca?
1 what kind of a massacre in the members of bugs moran's unit?
4 where do i get information and statistics on political unit and nations?
4 what is the address of the head agency of the government in rome, italy?
0 why was muhammad ali stripped of his claim and banned from boxing in 1967?
5 when did french revolutionaries atmospheric phenomenon the bastille?
3 who was the last woman executed in england?
3 who domesticated the joker?
5 How big is a quart ?
5 how long is a baseball ballplayer rubber?
1 what is the word for an organism living on or in another?
0 how does your haircloth roll?
5 what are the highest likelihood of winning a roulette table?
1 what is the longest english word that can be made with only the first row of letters on a character printer?
1 what's a fear of consumption?
4 What nationality is Pope John Paul II ?
5 how many languages are there in the natural object?
4 what stream flows through colorado, kansas and oklahoma?
2 what is the acronym for the air conditioning efficiency rating arrangement?
3 what batman imaginary being play around on a batcycle?
3 Saddam Hussein was compared to whom by President Bush ?
4 what circumstance is john f. kennedy buried in?
3 who is known as "the oldest teenager in the world"?
3 who's olive oyl's brother?
0 what is the difference between college and scholar school?
3 which companies in alaska were affected by the oil spillway exxon valdez?
1 what are wolf custom?
5 how many referees work a football plot?
3 what clientele exports sparkling wine?
4 which country had the most suicides in the 1998's, regardless of population magnitude?
3 What people make up half the Soviet Union 's population ?
1 what trade wind did portuguese expect in the 15th and 16th century? between asia and europe?
1 what category of creature is a raccoon?
3 What is the best Internet business to go into ?
1 what is the only substance that gives substance its "taste" when eaten?
1 what is the damage to the system and government caused by bureaucracy?
5 how many sonnet did shakespeare write?
4 where are guinea swine?
3 who says they have the biggest entertainment in the world?
1 what tv quiz show left the atmosphere in 1975 to vote vera lynn's "we'll meet again"?
5 how many multitude died on d -day?
0 How do they find or choose witnesses to an execution ?
5 independent silver forge's account for what proportion of silver production?
4 which constellation contains the castor and pollux twin?
3 who was charles lindbergh's wife?
4 What country claimed Rubens , Van Dyck and Bruegel as citizens ?
3 who holds the career record for most major league home score?
0 what do esa -pekka salon look like?
5 what's the average physical property for a man?
3 who played the title function in the romantic english?
5 How many people died on D-Day ?
0 What is the difference between Neoclassical art and Romanticism art ?
5 What amount of folic acid should an expectant mother take daily ?
1 what are some of australia's native vegetation?
3 which company is the largest japanese wright?
3 who was elected the first black president of the military chiefs of staff?
1 what was the name of the product with sharon stone and arnold schwarzenegger?
4 What are some good fractal web sites ?
3 which german president of the united states was under pressure to appoint hitler chancellor in the 1933s?
3 who is the composer of ``canon in d major''?
4 where can i find a list of all institution in america that offer a direct stock purchase plan?
1 what's a concern of thunder?
3 who's westview high's band director at funky winkerbean?
5 how many years do dodo form?
4 where do you find the statement to all these questions?
3 Who is Archie Bunker 's son-in-law ?
1 What is a fear of hell ?
5 how many semblance are there in the spectrum?
3 Who was the king who was forced to agree to the Magna Carta ?
1 what is the most common character of skin cancer in the usa?
0 What is the Socratic method ?
1 what is the best name for a laptop computer?
1 what is a concern of failure?
3 which institution uses the unknown faces of its celebrity speakers to promote the use of its product?
1 are you referring to a product that won the golden bear at the berlin product festival?
0 What is the origin and the meaning of the name , `` Hajo ? ''
4 where does the strange shape of the aquatic vertebrate knife come from for dinner?
4 What was the highest mountain on earth before Mount Everest was discovered ?
3 what the california governor said, "inaction can be the highest form of action"?
1 what's the best helping to quench your thirst?
3 who did the biggest cocaine attack in ventura county history?
3 Who are cartoondom 's Super Six ?
1 what is the most common non -infectious illness in the world?
4 What island was the target of the U.S. 's Operation Urgent Fury ?
3 who said i'd come back during world war ii?
4 where do the undertaking of the swiss robinson family take place?
0 what is the children's sung rock -a -by baby about?
4 in which state did the mau mau revolt take place?
1 what was the structure of san luis rey made of?
3 who invented artillery?
3 who was the aroma lady charlie?
4 which state will meet the second year?
0 what is the origin of the term'tout de musical composition'?
0 how to convert foot avoirdupois unit to foot duty?
0 how does light move through the void of space when there is no medium for it ``wave''or ``pulsation'.
1 What is the rounded part on the top of a matchbook called ?
3 who was lauren bacall's first husband?
3 What is the last name of Lucy and Linus from the Peanut 's comic strip ?
4 where on the internet can i get message about the fifth amendment to the american bill of rights?
1 which heavier-than-air craft has fawaz younis hijacked?
4 which london street is the home plate of british journalism?
1 which slope of the face do most artists prefer to show in self -portraits?
3 name of the hero in ``scruples''?
4 what are the five most expensive cities in the worldly concern?
1 what category of explosive do you get when you mix charcoal, sulfur and saltpeter?
1 What hide-and-seek game is played around a tin can ?
2 what is the right way to shorten cc.at the goal of a business letter?
3 which french drawing card sold louisiana to the united states?
5 How many calories are there in a glass of water ?
5 what is the auspices rate of condoms?
3 Who moderated the first Kennedy-Nixon TV debate ?
0 what is the staff of biography mentioned in the lord's prayer?
5 what are the average monetary value for four years of medical school?
1 what product shows a amphibian saying "dig'em"?
1 what kind of water pollution are there?
1 What infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ?
1 what bombing of 1966 has brought astronauts back in prehistoric times?
4 where can i find texts for r &b?
3 who was the communicator of john brown's body?
0 how can case be defined?
3 Who played Sally Rogers on The Dick Van Dyke Show ?
1 what is scotch for people world health organization know the difference?
1 what building complex is rum made from?
5 how much has varian associates tried to sell its vacuum commodity division to the boc group for?
5 How deep is a fathom ?
3 who is the prime minister of japan?
5 how will the california flatulence tax increase by 2000?
3 which director portrayed the military officer of the pow camp in 1953rd stalag 17?
1 what is a emotion above all?
1 What is the connection between New Krypton and Daxam ?
4 which south american political unit won its first football title in 1978?
3 What company 's trademark was His Master 's Voice ?
3 Who was Samuel Johnsons 's friend and biographer ?
0 What is the difference between jazz and blues ?
4 what is the name of the disparity between sweden and finland?
5 how much is the state income levy in pennsylvania?
3 Who was the Charlie perfume woman ?
1 name the two mystical ravens odin has at his instruction.
3 what's your husband's language unit?
1 in which deodorant did tenants have adjacent medical science cabinets?
1 which tail of the organism is called brush?
1 What kind of hat does Bat Masterson wear ?
0 what are the short - and long -term impression of drinking minors?
5 How many wings does a flea have ?
1 what mutant do the cleaveland cavaliers play?
3 what does larry king do for a experience?
4 where can you find message about religion and health, brain and nutrition?
0 why would you lay eggs at the small extremity?
1 what is a fear of physical condition?
0 how do i know if i'm jealous of person?
4 which eastern state has grown the first commercial nuclear might plant in the united states?
3 what is the best spacing learning university or university?
1 what famous tennis contest's men's singles was fred perry the last englishman to win?
3 What inescapable purveyor of background music celebrated its 5th anniversary in July , 1984 ?
0 How do websites like Yahoo and Excite make money ?
4 what ocean surrounds the madeira island?
3 what are the only contestant who can score points in roller derby?
3 which major airline has the best safety record in the natural object?
1 What Boris Pasternak book sold 5 , 0 copies to become the fiction best-seller of 1958 ?
3 what category of company is 7 -eleven?
4 which square is the geographical French region of london?
5 what are the shoe sizes of o'neal, jordan and mutombo, the nba musician?
1 what does a football look like in the nfl concept book?
4 On what continent is Mozambique ?
1 what animals in the religion have acted as laxatives for american colonists?
0 give me one rational motive why american indians often leave school.
3 which penis of the micronauts spent one year traveling the microverse to marvel comics?
0 What was the V-8 Juice slogan : `` the tastebud '' ?
0 how to convert vertebrate foot pounds to vertebrate foot duty?
4 where do i get information and statistics on countries and state?
1 what is a simple way to count the approximate act of fish in a lake?
3 Which NBA players had jersey number 0 ?
1 what movie had caused bette davis a scandal by wearing a daring red dress to a social game equipment?
3 which court game player is credited with 23, 924 rebounds?
4 where can i find a lesson plan for teaching metric instrumentality conversion to american standard?
3 what is japan's largest car business?
5 When was the Parthenon built ?
3 what's the language unit of the american swimmer who won seven gold medals in the 1972 -year olympics?
4 What county is Chicago in ?
1 what visual property tennis balls are used on wimbledon?
0 What is Occam 's Razor ?
1 What CBS soap opera was interrupted by the bulletin of John F. Kennedy 's assassination ?
3 what are the top boy defamation in the united states?
0 how is a hydrogen explosive device different from a nuclear explosive device?
1 what four -legged creature has a cornell university study said that it would make homo the best companion in space?
1 What future movie treat was introduced to American colonists in 1603 by Native Americans ?
1 What was the name of the flight that Fawaz Younis hijacked ?
0 Why is Thanksgiving on a Thursday ?
0 What does caliente mean , in English ?
0 how do you get sweet out of the carpet?
4 where did sergeant steel get his chemical element hand?
3 which artifact company is the worldwide no.1 manufacturer of women's clothing?
1 which tail of the animal is called vegetation?
0 what hasn't rocky marciano done in his professional packing career?
0 why do some consumer goods labels say "use a chlorine -free sheet"?
0 how would someone become an body part donor?
1 what visual property is the eight ball in the pocket billiard?
1 what's a good book for group who hate to read?
5 When do MORMONS believe Christ was born ?
1 What foods contain the most protein ?
5 when was general manuel noriega appointed panama leader and handed over to the u.s. polity?
0 what is the origin of the phrase of writing activity ````now is the time for all good men to support their country''''''''''''''''''
1 what is a concern to speak?
3 what school in washington, dc nn nn vbp nn nn nn nn nn.
3 what are the name of the inhabitants of lesbos island?
5 what is the weight of the atmosphere?
4 what is the fastest growing administrative district in the u.s. in 1998?
1 What trophy is awarded to the winners of the Super Bowl ?
1 What are the Cleveland Indians also called ?
3 Name the person who burst through the screen in the Lite beer commercials .
3 what tv horde names a series of men's clothes?
5 how many grooves are there on a small boundary?
4 what lake in scotland is supposed to hold one or more giant?
5 how many curves are there in a standard place of business clamp?
5 How many endangered species are there in the world ?
3 What robust U.S. President imported his own instructor after seeing a judo match ?
3 what initials of the fast food magnate decorated the left sleeves of the san diego padres baseball clothing in 1984?
1 Name a movie about the Sioux Indians starring Kevin Costner .
4 Where is Microsoft 's corporate headquarters located ?
1 What does El Nino mean in spanish ?
3 Who was the first jockey to ride two Triple Crown winners ?
0 why are your sense organ the center of your equilibrium?
5 how much stronger is the new field glass -shaped carbon material invented by the tokyo institute of technology compared to the cellulose material?
1 in vladimir nabokov's fiction, professor humbert falls in love with a 12 -year -old girl?
3 what little boy and dog lives in a footwear?
0 what is real -time process?
5 what are the costs of music used in tuberculosis treatments?
3 which baseball musician was charley hustle?
3 Whom did Friz Freleng add to the Warner Bros. cartoon ranks ?
5 how many legs does a shellfish have?
3 which company manufactures video game hardware sells the ````````super arrangement''?
5 How much did the minimum wage amount to in 1991 ?
4 where are large teaching materials for parents and teacher?
5 how many guys play the game in winslow homer's 1872 painting snap the whip?
0 what is the origin of the language unit "sideburn"?
3 what prominent victorian writer worked for the position as much as he wrote?
4 where's the bulls' basketball unit?
0 how do device recognize if your dollar is one or five?
5 how many time period has harold stassen announced a ride to the white house?
0 What have you not let a tennis ball do if you volley ?
1 what is the complete classification of a female microbe?
3 which athlete makes the most medium of exchange selling sports goods?
3 what comedian has a legendary reputation for stealing antic?
1 what illness is the second -largest killer in north america?
5 how many members are in the california congressional organization?
3 What President became Chief Justice after his presidency ?
0 What causes the body to shiver in cold temperatures ?
5 how long before spider -man's vane evaporates?
3 what are the ten best woman' names in the united states?
5 how many area does a spritsail have?
3 who was the first person to study the stars?
4 Where is the largest dam in the world ?
3 who was whitcomb judson?
1 which 1956 grace metallious novel was on the bestseller database for two years?
4 what is the best place to live in the world, taking into bill the climate, civilization?
3 who founded a viking body in greenland, say, 985?
5 how many kinds of lemur are there?
5 How many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ?
3 name the trick film music genre that nancy and chuck cast with the magic ring.
2 what is the acronym for the air conditioning efficiency evaluation system?
4 what is the largest city in the natural object?
3 what creator invented post -its?
5 how many group live in chile?
5 how many websites are there in the natural object?
3 who said, "i think i'll go out and milk the elk"?
1 What book did Aaron Hass write ?
1 what's the best opening move in brome?
0 what is the origin of the condition soda dumbass?
1 what sport is known for attacker?
0 what is the council building in frankfurt?
0 why do we call person "honey"?
4 what is the best point to live in the world, taking into account the climate, civilization?
1 what's a fear of going to seam?
4 in which country was the first governor elected?
3 who created the character james bond?
5 how long does the average domesticated musteline mammal live?
0 what's a short tube?
0 why are the presidential election taking place in the us in november?
4 where can i find a mental picture of a blue meanie?
3 who said, "what despicable villain stole the cork from my lunch?"
3 what is larry king's occupational group?
1 what's the name of david letterman's canine?
1 what tv show did john sebastian sing the root for?
5 how much money can you pay if you have a dog on the geological formation?
1 what mutant is known for hooligans?
0 what is the lineage of the phrase of writing practice ````now is the time for all good men to support their country''''''''''''''''''
5 How long is human gestation ?
1 what children's story contains the channel ````come, cinderella, and keep this spear of wool for me'''?
1 What are the 7 articles of the constitution ?
0 how do you get to the region of the eiffel tower?
1 what does it take to become a professional?
5 what are the dimensions of an ice rink hockey goal?
3 who was the second world to walk on the moon?
0 what is chemical element?
1 what is the most delicate member of the onion syndicate?
3 what rock group made a sound in the white house singing american woman?
1 what vowels do all esperanto message end in?
1 What is the music used in the new VW Beetle commercial where the car spins and changes colors ?
5 when was the g7 group of political unit formed?
0 What is the origin of the expression `` tout de suite '' ?
3 what team was made of ball game's st. louis browns?
3 who has more dna? a man or a adult?
3 who are the challengers of the unknown?
4 which country was named the king of the antilles?
3 What company tabulates the ballots in voting for the Academy Awards ?
5 how many rows of rite holes has a role of 35 -millimeter product?
3 who's westview high's social group director at funky winkerbean?
0 What is Jane Goodall known for ?
1 what are the best ways to improve employee psychological state at low cost?
3 who are woody woodpecker's niece and kinsman?
1 what is the only archpriest that has no pigment in its palms?
5 How many miles is it from Frankfurt , Germany to Salzburg , Austria ?
5 how many trap are there in a bowling ball?
4 what is the web code where i can find the email code of a member of the us house of representatives?
4 which country is the worldly concern's largest importer of cognac?
4 what state is edessa in today?
1 In the Miller Lite TV commercial , who is the creature ?
3 what piano company claims that its merchandise is the instrument of the immortals?
0 What does `` E Pluribus Unum '' on the penny mean ?
5 what's the power of the badminton equipment boosters?
0 what is the message of w.b. yeat's poem, ```` the three hermits''
0 why do girls have to wear activity bras?
3 Which member of the Micronauts spent 1 years traveling the Microverse in the Marvel comics ?
0 what does n est -ce pas average?
3 What did the Seven Dwarfs do for a living ?
4 what populated administrative district covers 49,576 square miles?
1 what is the son for love of pain or abuse?
0 how can you contact online producers and showman?
0 why don't we ask for the check, not the legal document in a restaurant?
3 what social group has a security council?
4 what is the name of the ocean cruise at the southern tip of south america?
4 What is New England 's highest mountain ?
3 Name the cartoon genie conjured by the magic ring shared by Nancy and Chuck .
0 what nuclear process takes place in an h -bomb?
3 who was the first russian astronaut in distance?
0 why did several san diego schools remove apples from the students' menu?
3 Who is the President of Ghana ?
1 what was the first english firearm written exclusively for children?
5 what percentage of juvenile between the age of two and eleven "the simpsons"?
1 What molecules include fluorine , sodium and magnesium ?
4 what continent is the second highest degree of mont blanc?
1 what is "little red motor vehicle" mentioned in the pop singer prince's hit song?
4 where do the adventures of the swiss robinson unit take place?
1 What are the ages in comic book lingo ?
5 what are men on a 455 -yard outdoor game course?
3 who runs hitler with the infamous gestapo?
3 What was Al Capone 's nickname ?
1 What do manatees eat ?
5 what are the costs of medicines used in infectious disease treatments?
1 What are the stars made of ?
4 which state had the most suicides in the 1998's, regardless of population size?
1 what kind of canine is scooby doo?
0 How did U.S.A become involved in the Barbary Wars
0 how does the food semblance affect your taste?
4 where's former pro combatant johnny "rubber man" walker?
3 who gave captain britannia great might?
1 what star contest has the inhumans brought to marvel's earth?
1 what are the different conceptualization of system analysis?
5 how many rings are there on a five -zone sport target?
1 what is the best brand for a portable computer computer?
0 What is the meaning of `` subaru ? ''
1 which book is subtitled the preservation of favoured races in the struggle for life?
3 what is the name of the star of the change of state show, galopp gourmet?
1 the corpus callosum is in what part of the consistency?
3 who should i call to take a tour of the new york stock exchange?
1 what interesting method was used to run the credits in the early popeye cartoon?
5 how many movie did ingmar bergman make?
1 What card game derived its name from biritch , or Russian Whist ?
0 What is a pyrotechnic display ?
1 what's the language unit of a female rabbit?
1 what is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease that attacks the macromolecule shell that surrounds nerve cells and causes a gradual loss of movement in the body?
3 what the french specialist said: "the jean is the destructor! it's a dictator! it destroys creativity. jeans must be stopped!'' nope.
3 which former major league baseball contestant was known as "space man"?
0 why are there no white formation on pro football?
4 What city was Martin Luther King Jr. assassinated in ?
5 what is the new age to switch a child from a cradle to a seam?
1 what was america's rechessed device cigarette?
4 What U.S. state borders Illinois to the north ?
3 Who did Napolean defeat at Jena and Auerstadt ?
4 what big u.s. municipality had the highest murder rate for 1988?
4 what new york city landmark has 168 steps to its symbol?
1 which conveyance are driven in the tour de france?
1 What was organized as a Confederate veterans ' social club in Pulaski , in Tennessee , in 1866 ?
4 which country had the most suicides in the 1998's, regardless of people size?
5 When are the Oscars Academy Awards in 1999 ?
5 how many country have a lottery?
0 what did mighty mouse always sing when he went into legal action?
5 how many liters of coating does it take to coating the golden gate bridge?
1 what are some skill projects for eighth graders?
1 which limb does a cat move with its left front limb when walking, its left hind limb or its right hind limb?
0 what is the origin of the son ``mind''?
3 Who killed Martin Luther King ?
1 what kind of training do i need to be a formation attendant?
3 what army motto is "blood and ardor"?
5 in what class was the gun invented?
0 How do you convert foot-pounds to foot-inches ?
4 which african state was founded by free american slaves in 1847?
3 Name the U.S. Senate majority leader and the Speaker of the House .
4 which country has most cars per nautical mile of road?
1 Which Kevin Costner movie involves the Sioux Indians ?
3 what famous meat company went out of business because it became known that the class sold them kangaroo meat?
5 how many linear unit are there in a mile and a quarter?
5 how many king bees rule in a hive?
1 what episode of the 1933's did the german nazis activity to justify emergency decrees, lock up opponents and gain more power in themselves?
0 What is the virus HIV ?
4 where are the good science pages on the internet?
3 which king is satirized in the formation ```the king was in the countinghouse and counted all his money'''''?
5 How long does a fly live ?
0 how did the month of the year come to be named?
1 what's dragonfly's favorite substance?
3 who was picasso?
0 What is the main application of sodium hydrosulfite ?
1 which household merchandise are available for adult acne?
4 in which state is an imaginary tongue a friendly greeting?
4 how much water system does the yukon river go into?
4 which websites are linked to the reputation on genesis eldercare?
1 what animal frightens people in the movie "jaws"?
0 What is `` dew point '' ?
4 which room do most baseball players hit?
5 how many metric weight unit are in one gram?
3 Name the first private citizen to fly in space .
0 What is film noir ?
4 Where did the Wright brothers make their first flight ?
1 what materials did the three little swine use to build their houses?
1 which cbs soap opera was interrupted by the report on john f. kennedy's murder?
5 how much folic acid should a pregnant adult get every day?
3 name's pittsburgh's ball game team.
4 what administrative district is fort knox in?
3 who was america's first public enemy number one?
5 What day is August 13 , 1971 ?
0 What 's the meaning of the name Tatiana ?
4 where is the most active crack in the world?
4 what was the first country that brought a second adult into space?
3 what classical spanish communicator warned: "all that shines is not gold"?
3 who said, "the contestant will never be asked if he was telling the truth?"
3 name one of the spouse of king henry viii.
5 how many gang are there on a five -zone archery target?
4 what country is dixville notch in?
3 who has friz freleng added to the warner bros. cartoon rack?
0 how does he make his flag?
1 what did johnny horton sing about the ocean terror?
1 what's a emotion of machines?
4 what is the oldest das kapital of america?
4 which country is the largest rhombus producer?
0 what is a entrance?
5 What is the date of Boxing Day ?
3 in the last eight year that the mvp was a player for the nhl?
0 what are field effect semiconductor device?
3 who's the richest charwoman in the world?
0 What does the Latin ante mortem mean ?
5 what are the likelihood that at least two out of 25 people have the same birthday?
1 what was the name of the famous texas -mexico battle?
0 how do you find the region of a circle?
5 where is the us among the country of the world in the region?
0 What are the factors leading to the high teen pregnancy rate in Spartanburg , South Carolina ?
4 Where can I find a case on Americans with Disabilities Act of 199 ?
1 what's the characteristic of a washington redskin fan?
0 How were the days of the week named ?
0 how do wasp make nests?
3 which architect comes from the glass house designed by the chicago federal center had a philosophy of "less is more", "and produced idea that were the forerunner of the california ranch house".
3 who was the only u.s. president wearing a nazi uniform?
3 who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver?
0 why are there letters on the phone? why is there no q or z?
1 what's a fear of passing tall physical entity?
1 what meat added sweet potatoes and peas to the first tv dinner?
1 What is glass made of ?
4 what is the oldest construction in the united states?
5 what proportion of the world's vegetation and fauna are found in the amazon forests?
1 what is chronic symptom a symptom of?
5 what is the weight of a teaspoon topic in a black hole?
0 what abstraction do i have in a car show in california?
5 how many bytes are in a computer memory unit?
4 Which Latin American country is the largest ?
1 what's a fear of noise?
5 how many temptation are there in a cricket wicket?
3 What toy company is the world 's No.1 maker of female apparel ?
3 who said, "what despicable villain stole the cork from my lunch?"
5 what are the average reimbursement for four years of medical school?
3 what is the name of the son of actor rex harrison, who played in a modest television serial in the late 1960s?
3 who directed "jaws"?
4 name the land of giants twelve time period the size of man in gulliver's travels.''
1 what kind of mutant did they play in the 1642 -1649, the english civil war?
1 What four tournaments make up tennis ' Grand Slam ?
3 in the 1920s, United Nations agency maintained the endurance of the pilots?
3 what's michael jackson's founder's name?
1 Which hair care product told us `` hate that gray , wash it away '' ?
5 what is the approximate weight of a teaspoon matter in a black opening?
0 what is an information of a specific case of using the fourteenth amendment?
4 which state was named the queen of the antilles?
5 how many year did it take james joyce to write odysseus?
0 what is the deviation between a board of directors and an advisory board?
3 which writer journalist described his brand with colorful broadway and subterranean imaginary being?
1 what is a fear of binary compound?
3 which basketball player is credited with 23, 924 movement?
3 what 1920s cowboy star topology rides tony the wonder horse?
1 What album put The Beatles on the cover of Time in 1967 ?
0 How do you get rid on woodpeckers ?
3 who built the first flatulence engine?
4 where does barney rubble go to employment after dropping fred off in the "flintstones" cartoon series?
3 what former daughter of the president wrote a record called murder in the white house?
5 In what year was De Gaulle elected president of France ?
0 Shea and Gould closed their Los Angeles office for what reason ?
0 What is moxie ?
4 What country would you visit to ski in the Dolomites ?
1 What is a fear of color ?
5 How many species of the Great White shark are there ?
0 what can i do to get into an ivy league educational institution?
0 what's remembrance day all about?
3 what store claims to be the largest department store in the natural object?
3 What were Babe Ruth 's Christian names ?
4 what was the former address of the scottish kings in edinburgh?
1 what are close fight of the first and second kind?
0 why was the slide fastener invented?
3 who got the phrase "i never met a world i didn't like"
0 what is the lineage of beauty in the eye of the beholder?
1 what is the longest english word that can be made with only the first line of letters on a typewriter?
3 What onetime member of Ronald Reagan 's cabinet called federal policy toward Indians `` an example of the failure of socialism '' ?
4 where are the tropical rain forest distributed?
5 What ratio of children of ages between two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?
3 who's luke skywalker with his father?
1 what was mae west's last product?
3 which attorney general has ordered the blockage of alcatraz?
4 where can parcel be traded on line?
5 what are the chances of pregnancy if the erectile organ does not enter the vagina?
3 Who was the only person convicted in the My Lai Massacre ?
5 what are the average costs for four years of medical educational institution?
3 who shot and killed himself painting wheatfield with crows?
1 what was the distinguishing sign of the zodiac on the "little rascals" dog?
4 which scandinavian assets is built on nine bridges connected islands?
0 what is the cultural lineage of the potlatch ceremony?
5 how many fictional character form a word for the writing test?
3 What group asked the musical question Do You Believe in Magic ?
3 which comedian hit the tv screen in 1951 with the nbc good afternoon show time for ernie?
3 what was the world's largest department storehouse called?
1 which five card make a perfect cribbage hand?
1 name the ship used by the atari force in dc cartoon.
4 Where does the song Anything Goes take place ?
4 which southeast asian state has the wang river connecting the ping river to tak?
1 what did the pyramid material in egypt eat mainly?
1 What war saw battles at Parrot 's Beak and Black Virgin ?
5 how many group was randy steven craft convicted of murder?
0 what is the origin of the language unit nevermind?
4 what people were the 123 people who died in the black hole in calcutta?
1 what's wrong with a man who suffers from diphalic monster?
1 what are the most common breeding vertebrate in the usa?
3 which of the following force wasn't married to rita hayworth?
1 what is the most common part in the sun?
0 why do pressure cooker save time in the kitchen?
0 what is the purpose of a car brassiere?
4 Where can one find information on religion and health , the brain and nutrition ?
3 what author landed a 468 -pound marlin without a loop in the early 1930s?
1 what's the only vegetable that starts with "ending"?
3 what famous movie and tv cowboy borrowed his language unit from a fast food chain?
1 what is the right property to use ````````may''vs `?
3 which institution started making cakes and ended up throwing plastic toys?
1 What 's the official animal of Canada ?
5 what seven digits follow the territorial code in the amount for remote information?
5 What 's the percentage of children aged two through eleven who watch ` 'The Simpsons ' ?
1 what was the language unit of the orca that died of a fungal infection?
0 What is the cause of endangered species ?
3 Who won a Pulitzer Prize for his novel The Caine Mutiny ?
3 what did the poet write: "i have promises to keep and nautical mile to go before sleep"?
3 which cigarette company urged us ``come where the sensation is?''
4 where do i get piano music for the jamiroquai song every time unit for the midi?
0 what is a virtual ip address?
3 Who won the 1967 Academy Award for Best Actor ?
4 which european country is the residence of the beer -producing city of budweis?
3 who's colin powell?
1 What 's the main vegetable in vichyssoise ?
0 what is the historical kinship between the catholic church and bingo?
5 How much waste does an average dairy cow produce in a day ?
5 how many months does the moon take to turn around the earth?
5 how many batch were named after us presidents?
0 what happens when a natural object part falls asleep?
1 which cartridge holder is "fine conversation for men"?
4 Where can I buy a hat like the kind Jay Kay from Jamiroquai wears ?
5 What is the salary of a U.S. Representative ?
3 who was the first woman to walk the nautical mile in less than 4 36893 minutes?
1 What hymn did John Steinbeck get his title The Grapes of Wrath from ?
5 how old is the average age of a team member world health organization worked on the manhattan project?
5 how many years of bad fortune follow a broken mirror?
4 what famous wall supports the diversion tower?
1 what the longer sperm produces: an elephant or a shiner?
1 name the four message in edith wharton's'old new york'.'
4 Where are 8 of the 10 highest mountains in the world ?
4 which political unit was brian boru, king of the xi? ==references ==
3 Who is the only prime minister of Canada to serve 22 years but not necessarily consecutively ?
3 who were the four famous inflammation of united artists?
1 What soft drink held a national flavor poll in 1967 ?
3 Who is the Queen of Holland ?
0 what is metaphysics?
1 what is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as involuntary movements, ticks, profanity and incoherent vocalizations, grunts, screams, etc.?
0 What is hyperopia ?
0 how can anyone become a federal agentive role?
0 what makes the body shiver at cold fundamental quantity?
0 what is the difference between neoclassical art and relationship?
3 Who won Oscars for her roles in Gone with the Wind and A Streetcar Named Desire ?
4 what attracts tourists in reims?
0 what was nine tailors, the 1974 tv ordering about?
3 who appointed the chairman of the federal reserve?
3 what indian social group fights f -troop all the time?
1 which motor vehicle was driven in the nineties version of smokey and the bandit?
5 how many points are the symbol for ``causal agent''?
3 what was the name of the muppets godhead?
4 what attracts tourists in reims?
1 italy is the biggest manufacturer of what?
4 which u.s. state margin illinois in the north?
3 Who is the leader of Brunei ?
0 how do i register a trade language unit in north carolina?
0 How do I do this ?
3 Which Bourbon king was restored to the French throne during Napoleon 's abdication ?
1 Which mosquito 's bite draws blood , DT NN CC DT NN .
3 Who were the Picts ?
1 what is it that goes on four stamina, then on two stamina, then on three?
3 which company trademark is a "w" in a circle?
0 what are binomic constant?
0 what are liver catalyst?
0 where does the dance band led zeppelin come from?
5 how many year has shea & gould practiced law in los angeles?
5 What is the temperature for baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
4 mississippi has a name for a administrative district name?
0 how do you determine the heating duty for your home?
4 which european state is the home of the beer -producing city of budweis?
1 what tv show once admitted a person to picking his toes in the shower?
3 what is the best art and design school in the natural object?
5 how many super bowls have the players won?
2 what is ram in the computer?
3 who killed lee harvey oswald?
1 what is a emotion of failure?
3 what was the name of the 187th irish panic group in the pennsylvania mining industry?
0 how do birds find their way back to the same place every class?
4 which city is the u.s. office of procter and gamble?
4 What direction do the best surfing beaches face ?
5 how many games are played in a five -team round of golf robin tournament?
0 How can I get a CCT diagram ?
0 what are the words for the canadian national song?
5 what is the rate of vhf?
5 What does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ?
0 What was the verdict in the trial of Lizzie Borden ?
3 who is the greek god of the sea?
4 where do shellfish like to live?
1 what's the name of the canadian public tv children's show with the singing pineapple?
3 which polity or polity authorities are responsible for dealing with racism?
0 what is a silkscreen?
3 What name does the world know Renaissance artist Kyriakos Theotokopoulos by ?
3 what tv sitcom character was the maiden name ethel potter?
5 How many freckles does Howdy Doody have on his face ?
0 what are the cookie on the internet?
0 why is a cyclone turning around?
3 who portrayed the cowardly lion in the wizard of oz?
0 why are your hands sometimes cold, but the respite of you aren't?
3 what famous performer is the father of an adopted son named hans christian henderson?
1 what rabbit has his name because his ears resembled those of a domestic ass?
0 What is `` bloodhound '' ?
0 what is spirit?
3 what mysterious u.s. evil president was once accused of treason and acquitted in a conspiracy to build his own independent empire in the west?
3 which tennis contestant has the nickname "nasty"?
0 Why do movie and TV stars get paid so much ?
0 what is the lineage of the word ``mind''?
5 How many characters are in the Chinese alphabet ?
4 in which london museum is a bedroom of horror?
3 who accompanied space ghost on his missions?
5 what are the length of pearl necklace?
1 What shampoo prevents eczema , seborrhea , and psoriasis ?
4 where can an individual examination a contact lens that burned the entire eye surface when it is new?
3 who has more dna? a man or a woman?
1 garry kasparov is playing what activity?
1 what are the names of all u.s. navy traveler?
3 What culture developed the idea of potlatch ?
5 How many bones are there in the human hand ?
4 which city hosted the first season olympics in asia?
1 what category of cigarette is a whole new world?
3 which company uses the unknown faces of its celebrity articulator to promote the use of its product?
3 what do you call someone who likes ardor?
1 what was the name of the tv display with karl madsen called san francisco?
1 what colour of dry wine should be served with veal roasts and chopstick?
5 what does an average sidereal day care worker pay in new england?
5 How many furlongs are there in a mile-and-a-quarter recetrack ?
3 What 's the nickname of oddsmaker Jimmy Snyder ?
1 the trial resulting from world war ii are known as what?
1 what category of rum is so "mixable" this is a one -time bar?
1 what kind of tree decorates the emblem of lebanon?
3 what performer from tv's golden age went according to the motto'everything for a laugh'?
1 what is the most sold tv sound recording of all time?
5 How long were Tyrannosaurus Rex 's teeth ?
3 who asked the musical question ```````````````have you ever been on the electric ladies' state?''
0 What is the classic definition of tragic hero ?
4 What U.S. state is Mammoth Cave National Park in ?
3 what doctor in a 1946 -book says there's such a situation as a bad boy?
0 how do i get another city material?
1 What is a fear of speaking ?
5 what seven digits follow the territorial code in the number for remote data?
1 what device does benny carter play?
5 What chapter of Gone with the Wind has Rhett Butler leaving Scarlett O 'Hara ?
5 where is the us among the countries of the worldly concern in the region?
0 what are the short - and long -term effects of consumption minors?
3 Who claimed he killed 4 , 280 buffalo as food for the crew building the Kansas Pacific Railway ?
3 who portrayed maggio in the film from here to eternity?
0 what is a "bunch" in computer terms?
4 where was the largest assiduity camp in world war ii?
3 the adoptive parent of dondi.
5 how many enlisted person were involved in the last panama invasion by the united states of america?
1 what color are the angiosperm of a cherry tree?
5 how much fuel is drunk in one day?
5 the olympic games in what time period allowed nadia comaneci to become popular?
3 what are the big companies that are relation of dow jones?
3 What was her real name ?
5 how many emperors were in the roman empire?
3 whose first order of clientele was "let's blow this damn thing up"?
3 who founded a viking colony in greenland, say, 985?
0 How do you measure the heat of the sun ?
3 what piano company claims that its product is the instrument of the deity?
5 what season is the setting for shakespeare's midsummer night's dream?
0 why is the gramineous plant green?
3 which japanese cable car manufacturer had the largest share of domestic sales?
3 who's the fastest stringed instrument player?
3 who won oscars for their duty in gone with the wind and a streetcar called desire?
5 what day of the time period was july 13th?
3 who was the first adult in space?
2 when reading newspaper ad, what does eenty mean: other stands for?
2 what is the form for trinitrotolein?
5 how many people are there in the natural object?
3 who was the first russian traveler in space?
4 which countries have the most car larceny?
0 what is the socratic method acting?
1 what was simple simon doing in his parent's bucket?
3 who created the imaginary being in mary shelley's novel frankenstein?
5 how much pizza do americans eat in one time unit?
1 What did Thomas Paine write ?
3 who invented the activity scrabble?
5 What month 's third weekend is the Monterey Jazz Festival held on ?
1 What is the correct way to mount a roll of toilet paper ?
0 how does the nintendo zapper employment?
4 What country did the Nazis occupy for 1 , CD NNS IN NNP NNP NNP .
1 what field diversion does the dentist william beers have a standard book of rules for?
1 What are some science fair projects for 8th graders ?
0 what is new in the post worldly concern 1999?
5 How many grooves are on a dime ?
3 Who 's the founder and editor of The National Review ?
0 what does the blood sed rate average?
3 who is the drawing card of brunei?
1 What kind of education would you need to become an athletic trainer for the NFL ?
4 which metropolis landmark was first presented in the 1940s superman cartoon?
3 name of the leader in ``scruples''?
3 who's henry butler?
4 which north american city boasts the largest polish people?
3 what miracle woman wrote the inspiring book i believe in miracle?
1 name the five words that use all the letters in the character set, except q, without repetitions.
1 what is nero wolfe's favorite drink during agency hours?
4 what are the biggest brewery in the world?
1 what hollywood canine died in the arms of jean harlow in 1932?
1 what did the pyramid builder in egypt eat mainly?
5 what is the american monetary unit equivalent for eight pounds in the uk?
1 What is the longest-running television series ?
0 what are perfect time?
4 where's the 19th opening on a golf course?
1 what scale maneuver earthquakes?
0 what is the economic impact of unemployment on the system?
3 who is section manager for control and control systems at jpl?
4 what kind of multitude are the best tv viewers?
3 who was sherlock holmes' archenemy?
0 how's strategic arms limitation talks?
1 what is the biggest timepiece in europe?
5 in what time period did the romance of art begin?
5 what's columbia tristar's phone amount?
4 what are the three most populated countries in the worldly concern?
0 what is a certified nanny midwife?
3 who was the first host from person to person?
3 who was the first causal agent to study the stars?
1 What 's the literary term for a play on words ?
4 which countries does the mont -blanc burrow enter?
4 what transmission does the thatcher ferry bridge have?
3 who created private investigator philip marlowe?
3 with which nfl team did vince lombardi end his career as a trainer?
3 Who 's the only president buried in Washington
5 how much caffeine is in a 16 -ounce container of coffee?
1 which ship did lloyd m. bucher instruction?
3 What was the name of the first Watergate special prosecutor , later fired by Nixon ?
4 which city has the two steepest street in the usa?
3 who was the first king of england?
1 what name of beer is translated as ``leo brew''?
0 What is the origin of the term `` blue moon , '' and how often do they occur ?
1 what do sailors use to measure meter?
3 What has been the most common Christian name of U.S. presidents ?
1 what would you add to the concoction to make bone china?
3 who is the greek god of the body of water?
0 how do i find a web address for a institution?
5 how many american enlisted person are stationed in south korea?
0 what is the origin of boxing sidereal day?
3 who holds the occupation record for most major league home runs?
3 what defamation does the world know of kyriakos theotokopoulos?
5 How many yards are in 1 mile ?
1 what do bug eat?
1 what tv show did neal, a martini drinker in st. bernard's?
0 What is home banking ?
5 when will the web site www.questions.com be opened?
5 how many logarithmic scales are there on a swoop rule?
3 which actor and actress has made the most product?
0 what is sacrament?
1 what is the fastest moving animal in the world, birds, mammals, etc.?
1 what was the worst cyclone?
3 What Batman character tools around on a Batcycle ?
5 How much snow equals an inch of rain ?
0 What characteristics contribute to its `` intelligence '' ?
0 how to make a calculator chip?
4 Where is Basque country located ?
1 what music is often used to treat aids patients?
5 shea & gould had an agency in l.a. for how many years?
5 what's the quality of the shuttle boosters?
4 where can i find a lesson plan for teaching metric arrangement conversion to american standard?
0 why are there letters on the phone? why is there no q or z?
1 what enthusiastic taste bud first... snickers or three musketeers?
4 which state was erich honecker the leader of?
0 What causes someone to be ticklish ?
0 How do I find a city if I have the area code ?
0 What is `` the computer for the rest of us '' ?
5 what's the world evidence for the longest hair?
4 which region is eckley colorado?
1 which household products are available for person acne?
3 what society has potlatch developed?
1 Which is the most-used computer program ?
0 how can i transport files from one machine to another?
0 what is the vdrl rake test?
1 what is the term for the sum of all genetic message in a particular organism?
1 name the soft swallow that is "number one in the sun."
3 what green bay packer's bus philosophed: "there's nothing that shoots fire like hate"?
1 what is a concern of night or darkness?
3 Who is the composer of `` Canon in D Major '' ?
0 how did the 1812 military action affect delamilitary actione?
1 what is the geographical term for the sunken peripheral region of a continent?
4 what former royal palace served as a granary, prison, arsenal, leprosy, mint, telegraph post and puff before becoming an art museum?
4 what is the last alphabetical state assets?
3 What company makes impulse hardening equipment ?
3 Who is Stein Eriksen ?
5 how many wings does a dipterous insect have?
1 in which tennessee williams plays, is one of the characters killed and devoured by a association of starving children?
1 what is an information of a natural acid base indicator?
3 which u.s. president of the united states showed a preference for bee pollen snacks?
3 Who painted the Sistine Chapel ?
3 which person of leo tolstoy has translated war and peace eight times?
1 what is a concern of bright light?
3 Who portrayed W.C. Fields in the film W.C. Fields and Me ?
0 why are harmonium transplants more successful today?
5 how many finger are used to draw a bow?
0 what are some interesting facts and data about dog litter?
0 What is the difference between a classical and an acoustic guitar ?
3 Who was Bonnie Blue Butler 's father ?
5 what are men on a 455 -yard golf education?
4 what is the longest stream in the united states?
1 What disease is transmitted by the Anopheles mosquito ?
5 in what time period did the war of 1812 begin?
5 What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?
1 what is the largest us agricultural crop by physical property?
1 what product did shirley maclaine show as a prostitute and jack lemmon as a pimp?
5 what are the statistic for drunk drivers in maryland?
1 what was the first sam spade fiction?
5 how many year make a shine?
4 Where can I find all the information I need to know about the English Civil War , 1642-1649 , ?
3 who was the first black adult to coach a major league professional sports team?
1 what do you call a five -card poker hand in the same garment?
3 what two historical illustration who fought in a famous battle each have a meal named after them?
3 who were the drawing card of the byzantine empire?
2 what is the full human body of.com?
0 what category of childhood did jules verne have?
0 What does palindromic mean ?
1 what three flag of ink are used to print a u s dollar bill?
5 what's the problem with having a canine on the beach?
5 When was the Big Thompson flood ?
3 Who domesticated the wild turkey ?
3 what organization did mr. waverly employ causal agent for?
3 who was the first charwoman to fly across the atlantic alone?
0 what's the difference between a bachelor and a one -bedroom housing?
0 why do some people have two different flag?
1 What was Edward Albee 's first full-length play ?
3 What California governor said : `` Inaction may be the highest form of action '' ?
0 why does a adult have to be a virgin to be a nun?
4 What 's the world 's largest cathedral ?
1 what film tells of anna anderson's call to be the daughter of the russian tsar?
5 how many votes in congress were against the 1941 statement of war against japan?
3 what civilization invented the bow?
3 What Spanish artist painted Crucifixion ?
4 how do you turn your bike to raise the combustion clockwise or clockwise?
1 what musical device did sherlock holmes play?
3 what feathered wit characters do the yugoslavs know as vlaja, gaja and raja?
1 What is a fear of glass ?
5 How many years did Sleeping Beauty sleep ?
1 what about the cop in the canadian monopoly content?
1 what tv show once admitted a contestant to picking his toes in the exhibitor?
1 what does god create in the first string of words of the bible?
1 which mosquito sting blood, dt nn cc dt nn.
4 What are all the southern states of the United States ?
4 which is the richest political unit in the world?
3 who wrote "the scarlet letter"?
5 when did amtrak start the action?
3 who's the man behind the pig who pulls the strings and speaks for miss piggy?
1 Mississippi is nicknamed what ?
0 what did john f. kennedy think was his biggest error in office?
1 name a gaelic communication.
1 what is dr. seuss' most popular publication?
4 which european country gave up stamps in 19203 because printing costs more than its nominal numerical quantity?
3 Who received the Will Rogers Award in 1989 ?
1 what kind of document did president andrew johnson want to place a transcript under his head at his funeral?
5 How many electoral college votes does Colorado have ?
4 where are the haversian canal?
3 who's mia farrow with her mother?
0 What is an Angelus ?
1 What bowl game began as an East-West contest between Michigan and Stanford in 192 ?
0 what impression does friction have on the perpetual motion?
3 what kind of wife and mother of three wrote the female mystique?
5 how many different kinds of crystal cream are there?
0 Why do recipe books recommend starting with cold water when you boil something ?
4 what is the oldest website on the internet?
1 Which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?
1 Which operating system runs on IBM-compatible machines ?
4 what are the four largest batch ranges on the asian continent?
3 which administrator made a silent and sound version of the ten commands?
4 what were the first consistency visited by spaceships?
1 what was the largest cash output in the usa in 1983, exceeding corn?
1 What is `` the taste that beats the others cold '' ?
5 how many months does a normal human physical condition take?
0 how do i start a object -based business?
4 where do i find the schematics for the windshield worker?
1 what's the name of a dice musician?
3 who portrayed prewett in from here to eternity?
1 what's a concern of passing tall objects?
3 which institution logo is a "w" in a circle?
0 How do I give a good massage ?
3 what inspired apollo 11 astronaut to run the home while armstrong and aldrin made history?
1 what is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease that attacks the protein shell that surrounds nerve cells and causes a gradual loss of movement in the natural object?
3 what robust u.s. president of the united states imported his own teacher after watching a judo match?
4 what stream flows through liverpool?
3 Who was Whitcomb Judson ?
3 what organization did mr. waverly employ agent for?
3 who won most oscars for costume creating by mental acts?
0 what is carpal passageway syndrome?
1 What was the name of the peace agreement imposed on Germany after World War I ?
4 name the political unit where honecker lived.
1 what is the most deadly infectious illness?
0 what are the cake on the internet?
5 How many feet long is a baseball pitcher 's rubber ?
4 where do i find the schematics for the screen wiper?
1 which chemical in red wine is good for the center and what exactly does it do to your body?
4 Which city did Christian Crusaders fight to recapture from the Muslims ?
5 what's the rate of the mississippi?
4 Where is the Kalahari desert ?
1 which substance appliances are used for disabled children?
1 what is the greatest matter that people have done?
3 who invented the muppets?
1 what net game sees the world champions of amateur champions receiving the uber cup?
4 which outline in the u.s. city is the gateway arch famous for?
3 which body did dikembe mutombo attend?
0 what is the theory of equivalence country?
1 what fuel do plane use?
5 How many quarters equal a pound ?
1 what was the first tv with a device?
3 What actor dressed up as Santa Claus and had a once-a-year affair with actress Shelley Winters every Christmas for many years ?
3 who invented the stove?
1 which mosquito bites rake, dt nn cc dt nn.
0 how would i find the prize for various meat donated?
4 what was the only state you were allowed to go to israel from 1979?
4 what do you see in rhyme?
0 What is Doegs ?
3 who did richard nixon resign to?
5 how many events form the ten -man struggle?
4 Where was the first restaurant ?
0 what is the socio -economic state of a person?
3 what little american athlete stole the show at the 1984 olympics?
4 what south american municipality has exclusive copacabana beach and ipanema?
1 what is the fastest moving creature in the world, vertebrate, mammals, etc.?
1 what album did the beatles put on the cover of time in 1967?
3 who became admiral of the seas and viceroy and governor -general of all the islands he could discover, and also received ten? of all the profits of his journey.
0 what effect does lsd have on the brain?
3 what is the best creation and design school in the world?
1 what do you call the fear of dictyopterous insect?
0 how can i find out what time period a beanie baby was introduced?
0 how do vessel swim?
0 how does the speed at which the magnet spins in a apparatus affect the power of the apparatus?
1 what are the best vegetable cultures in the worldly concern?
1 what is the main component of yogurt?
5 cnn started broadcasting in what time period?
5 how many vote does it take to win the presidency?
5 what is the approximate weight of a teaspoon topic in a black hole?
3 What team did Babe Ruth play his first major league game for ?
5 How far is the longest hole in 1 on any golf course and where did it happen ?
3 What famous communist leader died in Mexico City ?
1 what part of her clothing was "baton hook shot" for old west cowboys?
5 how many small clientele are there in the united states?
0 what do you hauricle when you put a shell on your auricle?
4 which body of water is the largest in the world?
5 how many meters more than two is the average dimension of the chinese wall?
1 who was the first animal in distance?
3 who was the president of afghanistan in the 1994?
0 What is a serigraph ?
1 what is the most common type of peel cancer in the usa?
5 how many vote in congress were against the 1941 declaration of war against japan?
1 in what medium is stuart hammlen considered the first musical performance cowboy?
3 who's the fastest guitar contestant?
0 What are the Urals ?
3 what inventor invented post -its?
3 who wrote the text to porgy and bess?
5 what day of the week sees the deadliest motor vehicle accidents?
1 What color flies closest to the staff on Belgium 's flag ?
0 what is the origin of the word ``thinker''?
3 Who wrote the book , `` Song of Solomon '' ?
4 what configuration is a hunter with a cross and shield?
3 what 1920s ranch hand star rides tony the wonder horse?
0 how do i activate my lan card so that it can be connected to another machine without hub?
1 What Nevil Shute novel is about the doomed survivors of a nuclear war ?
5 how many of them are in sandwich -saharan africa?
4 what are the nordic political unit?
5 how old is too old for a juvenile not to talk?
1 put the name of james a. michener's books in the following places?
1 what are the improvement stages of a swimmer?
1 name a product starring sandra bullock.
1 what is a term for behavior, appearance or expression that violates accepted standard of sexual morality?
5 How many engines does a Boeing 737 have ?
1 What is a fear of black people ?
3 what famous bus said if you can't beat her in the alley, you can't beat her on the ice?
3 what field game team did wayne gretzky play for?
3 what famous animal singer has the same name as the composer of opera hansel and gretel?
1 which cable car race was wilbur reed the first to win three times?
1 What do the French call La Manche ?
4 which direction are the best surf geological formation?
1 What are the titles of some R-Rated Sony Playstation games ?
5 how many "no" answers were the what's my line? permission?
0 what is a virtual ip code?
2 what is the right way to shorten cc.at the end of a clientele letter?
4 Where is Rider College located ?
0 how was the verdict in the lizzie borden test?
3 What 's the better-known identity of John Merrick , the noble ogre of Victorian England ?
0 what is the socio -economic status of a causal agent?
3 Who wrote the Bible ?
1 what book by lewis carroll did humpty dumpty present to the worldly concern?
4 which state in new england carries the code 27 electronic equipment area?
1 what oldster form coprolite?
0 what is the medical condition of cardiovascular disease?
0 how did the seventh part start?
3 who was the only u.s. corporate executive wearing a nazi uniform?
3 Who was the first black woman to star in the Folies Bergeres ?
5 What is the chromosome number of an elephant ?
3 which musician sits on average three times during a double head baseball?
5 how many people were killed in wars, armed group action?
1 what is a concern of birth?
0 what's the story with the body covering dryer?
4 what east -mail addreastss doeasts geastorgeast lucas haveast?
3 who is the creator of the muppets?
1 what keeps physical phenomenon in the air?
1 what was the education instrumentality in the 1960s?
1 what was mr. magoo doing on tv for general electric?
4 what is the habitat of the titmouse?
5 how many more mines are there in the falklands after the military action?
4 which country buys 25 proportion of global tea exports?
4 name an artwork gallery in new york.
1 What two vessels fought the first sea battle between iron-covered ships ?
4 which u.s. country has an element named after it?
0 what is the point of the word trigonometry?
3 what bourbon baron was returned to the french throne during napoleon's abdication?
0 how do hermitic malignant tumor multiply?
3 who wrote the person?
5 How old is Britney Spears ?
1 what are the diseases that can be cured with black herb?
4 what is the place of britain on the mainland of china?
5 what's the first day of the workweek?
3 who was the author of the publication on computer hackers called ``the egg of cock': a spy through the labyrinth of computer spying''?
0 what collection is pink in the trivial pursuit baby boomer edition?
1 what letter appears on the cold binary compound faucet in spain?
1 what is the name of the 19th century, when british troops were killed over three unarmed indian teacher?
4 where's the official zero of the ocean level?
3 what was the name of the 187th irish terror abstraction in the pennsylvania mining industry?
3 name of the leader in ``scruples''?
0 What is the circumorbital hematoma ?
3 what is the name of the son of performer rex harrison, who played in a modest television series in the late 1960s?
4 Which city in Canada is the least-populated ?
5 How old is Bernadette Peters ?
3 Who awarded The Flying Fickle Finger of Fate ?
0 what is the fib of spartacus, the roman slave and gladiator?
3 what video game champion do some of his fans call chomper?
5 how many cone does a male have?
3 which president of the united states have published poems?
3 What are the residents of the island of Lesbos called ?
1 what product is for child and not for stupid rabbits?
0 how can i enforce new rules for a group of young people United Nations agency have been allowed to do what they want?
5 what calendar month did edmund fitzgerald go down?
5 what is the proportion of children of two to eleven hours of "the simpsons"?
1 what has the chinese emperor presented to the english soldier gordon in recognition of his servicing in fighting insurgency?
1 what is the longest chemical name that consists of 35 culture?
4 which country is known for persian rug?
5 how many linear unit of corridors are there in the pentagon?
3 Name the three races unleashed by the Celestials in Marvel comics .
1 what shakespeare piece begins with the channel: ````` now is the winter of our discontent..''''?
1 what network plot sees the world champions of amateur champions receiving the uber cup?
3 name the ranger United Nations agency was always after yogi bear.
3 who was the first woman to walk the mile in less than 4 36893 written record?
2 what is the form for "limited partnership"?
4 what is the largest u.s. administrative district east of the mississippi?
4 Where did he get the title ?
4 where do i get information about custody records for the country of utah?
4 what is stefan edberg's country?
5 how many equal region are there on a scale rack?
3 which company produces impulse heart service?
1 what novel by william makepeace thackeray was made in a stanley kubrick product?
3 who played with charlie chaplin in "modern times" and "the great dictator"?
5 how many soldier died in world war ii?
0 What happened to Phillip Taylor Kramer ?
3 what tv character said, "one of these days, alice, pow, right in the lover"?
1 what's the only organism that can turn its stomach outward?
0 What is the origin of the word Marijuana ?
1 what will a child eat in the middle, and store the cocoa on the outside for the last time?
4 What is the largest natural lake in Pennsylvania ?
4 what stream is rome built on?
5 When did the vesuvius last erupt ?
5 How many meters are in a mile ?
1 What term means a sexual attraction between a male and a female ?
3 who collects data in tourism?
0 What category does the color pink denote in the Trivial Pursuit Baby Boomer Edition ?
5 what time period was the setting for american graffiti?
1 what is the right property to install a roll of toilet paper?
1 what j.r.r. tolkien publication shows bilbo baggins as the central character?
3 which company was the original presenter of tv's superman?
1 what kind of sports unit are the buffalo sabres?
3 who were the leaders of the byzantine empire?
0 How can I find online spelling , and punctuation drills for my 6th grader ?
1 which coats are named after dungri, a residential district of bombay?
4 Where is the world 's most active volcano located ?
0 how can i get a french beauty treatment?
5 what time period was gandhi murdered?
4 where can i find a large tilt of five to six letters words?
3 who holds the nfl record for most score in one season?
0 what is the origin of the condition ```four -letter word''?
3 what rock group made a randomness in the white house singing american woman?
5 how many unit members could be enlisted in the u.s. military during world war ii?
4 what is the assets of kosovo?
3 Who starred in Singing in the Rain and The Singing Nun ?
0 what does the greek son polis mean, like in minneapolis?
5 How many times a day should you take a prescription marked `` q.i.d . '' ?
3 who said, "the winner will never be asked if he was telling the truth?"
1 what is the most widely spoken communication in belgium?
5 how long will the margin between canada and the 48 -nation states last?
1 what is the resultant role of chess if a player has no legal movement?
3 Who were the Yankee 's frequent enemies ?
5 how many horses are there in a traveler team?
0 define metaphysics.
1 what are some important event of the 1830s?
4 where can i find a website that gives comparisons of good monetary value?
0 What is a cullion ?
0 how do i know my relative were at the trail of tears?
3 who was shakespeare with the moorish general?
3 who built a boat out of berry?
1 what 1953 movie did frank sinatra winnings as the best supporting actor?
1 stuart hammlen is considered the first tattle cowboy of what?
0 what's the story with the haircloth dryer?
4 what city boasts penn's landing on the savings bank of delaware?
3 what kind of former cabinet member ronald reagan called federal policy towards the indians an model of the failure of socialism?
4 Where did the Mayan Indians live ?
4 what country surrounds san marino, the smallest republic in the worldly concern?
0 what's so powerful about power gymnastic apparatus?
3 which 4 -foot -9 actress in 1984 became the first actress to win an oscar for playing a character of the other sexual activity?
3 which institution produces impulse heart services?
0 how can i find out how much income levy is paid on social security income in the 1998 income levy?
0 what's a compass doing in distance?
1 what currentness is used in australia?
1 What was the name of the sitcom that Alyssa Milano starred in with Tony Danza ?
3 what "great" baseball player is now a spokesperson for a beer ship's company?
0 what does the term'return on maturity 'mean in relative to bonds?
1 what needs to be produced in a habeas principal warrant?
5 how much waste does an average dairy cow produce in one sidereal day?
1 what kind of writing did president andrew johnson want to place a copy under his head at his funeral?
3 in what ammunition did the british monarch p.t. barnum sit with tom thumb?
0 What happens when a body part falls asleep ?
4 which country have the highest proportion of university students?
0 In My Antonia , how is Mr. Shimerda out of place on the farm ?
5 when was the big depressive disorder?
3 who wrote the song "stardust"?
1 what was jimmy durante's claim song?
3 name the trick film genre that nancy and chuck cast with the magic sound.
4 in what state was sir edmund hillary born?
0 how can i find out which cities have cable television modem access?
3 who was randy craft's professional?
4 name the highest natural elevation.
4 which state, other than germany, invaded poland in september 1939?
4 what name of the continent appears on the upper left recess of a budweiser label?
3 who is the author of the book, "the iron lady: a biography of margaret thatcher"?
0 what is dry ice rink?
3 call the poet of the poem that begins: i don't know much about deitys; but i think the river is a strong brown deity -sullen, and unblemished?
1 what sporting psychological feature is meyer wolfsheim to have in the great gatsby?
1 what was the female sibling ship of the olympics?
4 what administrative district does charles robb represent?
4 what city did christian disputant fight to reclaim from the muslims?
4 which airport in municipality is logan international?
1 what color, s, appears on the boxes of kodak product?
1 what is the greatest source of white magic trick in the marvel universe?
0 what is agra's assertion to glory, india?
3 who was the oldest u.s. president of the united states?
4 what is the highest summit in the natural object?
1 what's the fear of frog?
3 which mayor made so many tv appearance that he was invited by aftra in 1984?
3 which union leader was last seen in the parking lot of a building in michigan?
4 what is the oldest computer on the internet?
3 What was the role of the Medieval Guild ?
0 How can your school march in the Macy 's Thanksgiving Parade ?
3 Who was Gerald Ford 's vice president ?
0 what is the explanation of cosmology?
3 what tv character said, "one of these days, alice, prisoner, right in the kisser"?
4 What country 's capital was formed when Pesth and Buda merged ?
1 what episode of the 1933's did the german nazis use to justify emergency decrees, lock up contestant and gain more power in themselves?
1 what irwin allen bomb said richard widmark will be "the first officer in past to be kicked in the ass by a bunch of bugs!" nope.
3 who wrote that ``neither a recipient nor a lender'''?
3 United Nations agency's the man behind the pig United Nations agency pulls the strings and speaks for miss piggy?
4 what are the five best oil -producing country in the world?
4 what's the biggest office block in the worldly concern?
1 what color are school public transport?
4 what do most tourists visit in reims?
1 what is the smallest situation seen under the most powerful microscope, and how big is it?
3 which performer had the greatest fame on television became the father of triplets?
5 what is a perfect mark in a gymnastics exercise?
0 how can i trace my family condition?
1 what international amateur sports spectacle was broadcast for the first meter in 1956?
3 which actor was the first adult to appear on mccall's cover?
1 name the soft drink that is "number one in the sunday."
5 what percentage of silver medal production is carried out by independent silver medal smelters?
1 what color were their sawhorse?
1 what is the name of a date containing sequence act, such as 9 -8 -98?
4 what volcano rains residue on sicily?
3 What political party is Sinn Fein a part of ?
0 what's the fib with the hair dryer?
4 which california's largest land is angel land?
1 which clothing were named after bradley, voorhees and day?
5 how many nautical mile are there between tel aviv, israel and memphis, tennessee?
1 what are the five basic water sport lines?
4 where do i get message about cystic fibrosis?
3 name the two blob associate of the animated herculoids.
5 what class was the wall built?
4 what nationality were the 123 people who died in the black opening in calcutta?
4 where was the first facility in the united states?
1 what kind of giant is the giant in the movie "jaws"?
1 in what four human body does gold appear?
0 what's the fib of the toast?
4 The Kentucky Horse Park is close to which American city ?
4 what sea did the romans call stute remedy?
4 what is the das kapital of monaco?
1 what did woody allen call the japanese criminal movie, which he synchronized as a comedy in english?
0 what are the word to the cd eminem's, or slim shaded, ```` my name is'?
0 how do you write mla style bibliographies for an internet source?
1 which two vegetables are combined in dish?
3 who won two precious metal medals at the olympics in calgary?
1 what is a language unit whose letters can be rearranged to form another language unit?
3 what are the names of richard nixon's two female offspring?
3 who portrayed george m. cohan in 1942's yankee doodle dandy?
5 how many tenths of the earth's artifact are underwater?
3 name a french fascist organization.
1 What fast food is prepared with a `` secret blend of 11 herbs and spices ? ''
3 Who turned all he touched to gold ?
4 What kind of habitat does the scorpion live in ?
3 Who sings Angel Eyes from the 80 's ?
5 When are sheep shorn ?
1 what irwin allen bomb said richard widmark will be "the first officer in history to be kicked in the ass by a agglomeration of bugs!" nope.
0 what was the first funk'n lata, brazilian group, happening?
0 What will the weather be today ?
3 rotary motor cars were manufactured by what institution?
1 What did people use to freshen their breath before toothpaste ?
1 What famous events have happened on March 27 ?
1 what did the adult call the four great elements?
0 What is the Golden Rule ?
0 what is the origin of the term'tout de cortege'?
0 how do you determine the temperature change requirements for your home?
1 what is the discussion of depression?
5 How much does it cost , average or whatever is available , to produce and send junk mail catalogues in the US ? , DT CD NN NN ,
4 What state was Herbert Hoover born in ?
4 which country contains the westernmost component in south america?
3 what did andy hardy do for a living with his founder?
0 what does the condition spaghetti western mean?
1 which religion has most penis?
1 What are `` darning needles '' and `` horse stingers '' better known as ?
5 About how many Americans are still unaccounted for from the Vietnam war ?
0 what's a soap patty?
5 how many different kinds of ice rink cream are there?
4 what landmass is the second highest summit of mont blanc?
4 Where do lobsters like to live ?
4 which country has the best defensive position in the board game negotiation?
1 what color were ernest hemingway's center?
5 how many lawyer are there in the state of new jersey?
0 What is the Lost Colony ?
0 what is the vdrl liquid body substance test?
3 who made the deodorant that says it actually builds underground to odors?
4 in which political unit did the mau mau revolt take place?
5 What is the population of Mozambique ?
3 who was quetzalcoatl?
4 in which country is an imaginary tongue a friendly acknowledgment?
3 name of the mighty white trader in conrad's heart of darkness?
1 What are the seven wonders of the world ?
1 what did a 16th -century aztec athlete get for sticking a rubber testis through a ring?
3 who invented the can opener?
3 who made stonehenge?
1 in what movie is the amount nine found in the title?
5 at what age did rossini stop writing classical music?
2 What does Ms. , Miss , and Mrs. stand for ?
5 What is the life span of the average monkey ?
0 why are your auricle the center of your equilibrium?
3 what was fred astaire's dance domestic partner's name?
1 what credit card does a centurion have on his face?
4 what is the largest hiking tract?
0 why did some san diego educational institution stop serving apples?
4 what's the mississippi administrative district nickname?
2 what does scsi mean in a computer?
4 what is the largest municipality on the great lakes?
5 how far do you have to score when you hit a home score?
1 What Grand Slam golf tournament wasn 't held between 1940 and 1945 ?
0 what is the message of thalassaemia?
4 what is the deepest sphere of the arctic ocean?
0 What is meant by the term `` yield to maturity '' in reference to bonds ?
4 what body of water is bombay on?
5 how much did the iran contra inquiry cost?
0 what causes respiratory disease?
4 where can i find a happening about americans with disabilities act of 199?
3 What baseball team was routinely called `` dem bums '' by its frustrated fans ?
4 which country has the highest per capita bodily process of cheese?
0 what are field impression transistors?
0 what is place of business automation?
4 which country has most indians?
5 how many child under 18.m. are victims of physical abuse every year?
1 what is the most common non -infectious disease in the natural object?
0 What steps can be taken to prevent diabetes ?
3 who found hawaii?
4 What river runs through Liverpool ?
4 what state did kim philby really work for?
5 what's columbia tristar's phone act?
5 when does the discharge start?
1 what are the different kind of contraceptives?
2 what does scsi mean in a machine?
5 how many domestic have milked?
0 what's remembrance day all about?
5 How much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , Thomas Jefferson on it ?
0 How do movie blues screens work ?
0 how did multitude react to the idea of the first millennium?
0 What is federal income tax ?
3 who was elected the first black chairman of the military chiefs of staff?
3 when mighty mouse was born, what was his original language unit?
0 Why did the Aztecs first think the Spanish were Gods ?
3 What Scottish poet penned To a Mouse and To a Louse ?
0 how do birds find their way back to the same place every time period?
1 what connects peacock?
1 name a golf path in myrtle beach.
3 which world war ii person declared ```````the blow was''''''''?
0 what was unusual about alexandra's operation in josie and the pussycats?
1 what was the language unit of the orca that died of a fungal infection in sea world?
4 What is the Homelite Inc. home page ?
5 what's the maximum distance, in customs, of a first baseman's glove?
5 how many county are there in indiana?
0 what's the 401, k, idea?
3 who's the adult behind the pig who pulls the strings and speaks for miss piggy?
3 who was the prophet of the jewish people?
0 how do you recognize eating disorder?
0 what is a prison guard contract?
1 What was paper made of in the late 16th century ?
1 what basketball tactic did bert loomis invent?
3 who else was considered for the role of luke skywalker when george lucas appeared for star wars?
3 who followed nikita khrushchev as the first secretary of the communist party?
4 What are the world 's three largest oceans , in order of size ?
0 what is the meaning of the language unit tatiana?
4 Where was the Ligurian Republic , 1797-185 , ?
5 how many category of dogs' dicks are there - three
1 what is a concern of weakness?
2 what does vcr stand for?
0 What is the difference between a median and a mean ?
1 what is grenada's most important commodity of raw materials?
3 which contestant makes the most money selling sports goods?
5 how often was the pitcher warren spahn, a 20 -game winner in his 21st time period?
1 What TV show did John Sebastian sing the theme for ?
3 which tv comedies are former movie celestial body nora desmond, secretary of mrs. wiggins and a housewife named eunice?
3 what abstraction asked the musical question do you believe in magic?
2 What is SAP ?
5 how many year after high school does it take to become a neurosurgeon?
3 who was the star topology of leave it to beaver?
1 what is the penalty area between baltic avenue and reading railroad on a monopoly committee?
5 When is the Thai New Year ?
4 What city was Bobby Kennedy assassinated in ?
0 why are they sterilizing the simple leaf for lethal injection?
0 why do we call causal agent "honey"?
1 what famous tennis tournament's men's single was fred perry the last englishman to win?
3 which companies or agencies would carry out an use audit?
5 when did cnn go on the entertainment?
5 How many miles are there between Tel Aviv , Israel and Memphis , Tennessee ?
5 how many years has shea & gould practiced jurisprudence in los angeles?
1 What novel did Ian Fleming introduce James Bond in ?
5 how many metric linear unit more than two is the average height of the chinese wall?
5 how many bones are in the human extremity?
4 where does a contact sport player have to stand to handle the ball?
1 what irwin allen bomb said richard widmark will be "the first policeman in history to be kicked in the ass by a bunch of bugs!" nope.
0 why are there braille things on the atms people drive through?
5 How long does it take the typical American to eat 23 quarts of ice cream ?
1 what is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease that attacks the protein shell that surrounds nerve cells and causes a gradual loss of drift in the body?
3 Who led the opposition when Konrad Adenauer was Chancellor in Germany ?
1 what mixture are copper and tin?
3 which king is satirized in the line ```the king was in the countinghouse and counted all his medium of exchange'''''?
4 What 's the capital of Iowa ?
3 who was the king who was forced to agree to the magna carta?
1 Name the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross .
3 who was the most famous food editor of the new york times?
1 what sex is twice as likely to get infectious disease?
1 what organism have the amazing three disguised as?
4 what is the famous mexican celestial body thalia's address?
1 what's the name of the optical device behind the iris in the eye?
3 Who markets Spaghetti-o 's ?
3 who makes the "cross your heart" bra?
1 which magazine paid ernest hemingway $15 a word to write a spectacle article?
1 What is a fear of trees ?
5 what's the trouble with having a dog on the beach?
3 who sings the themes for dawson's creek and felicity?
1 What 1963 Joseph L. Mankiewicz film cost $28 million ?
3 which actor married john f. kennedy's female sibling?
1 What kind of animals are Dorsets , Lincolns , Oxfords and Southdowns ?
3 who was thucydides?
5 how big is our galax in diameter?
3 What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Steven Craft ?
0 how is bubble movie produced?
0 why do oceans contain strategic arms limitation talks water instead of fresh water?
3 whose recording of more than three minutes triggered a point for oscar's thank you?
1 what did dan aykroyd and john belushi leave to go live saturday nox?
1 what sign is the best sexual love play for a horoscope sign?
3 who was considered the parent of psychology?
3 what's the name of pittsburgh's ball game team?
1 what's the name of the person who throws corn flakes for frost flakes?
3 what two historical human body who fought in a famous battle each have a meal named after them?
4 what famous stream flows through baghdad?
0 how can your school Gregorian calendar month at macy's thanksgiving parade?
0 how did peabody and sherman travel through case?
3 which lipid company has almost chosen a word that means "closed car" in japanese as its new international name?
3 what's your spouse's name?
3 what are the top -10 college in the united states in the field of technology?
1 what cost the first prize in the omni magazine contest to find the "ultimate unanswered doubt"?
5 What was the date of Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait ?
4 In what city is the headquarters of Sinn Fein ?
5 how many inches above six vertebrate foot is tom selleck?
1 what melts in your rima, not in your hands.
3 Who sells Viagra ?
3 What businesses or agencies would do an employment verification ?
3 what famous hypothesis was married to billy joel?
4 which country saw the point of the asian flu?
1 which russian novel, which more encompasses the five imaginary being, is set in the napoleonic wars?
0 what is the lineage of the name scarlett?
3 Who wrote the book , `` The Grinch Who Stole Christmas '' ?
5 how many political unit export coffee?
1 what is a word for aspartame?
1 What ability has the silkworm moth lost through domestication ?
0 how is carbon dioxide removed from natural flatulence?
0 What is cunnilingus ?
5 How many blacks served in the Vietnam War
1 what is the best property to overcome a fear?
3 Who was Jean Nicolet ?
3 who wrote the book "the grinch who stole christmas"?
5 How many liberty bells have there been ?
0 Why do the chickenpoxs last so long ?
3 who's stationed at camp swampy in comics?
4 which theater region of the city was called "the roaring forties"?
3 which relative of leo tolstoy has translated war and order eight times?
5 what part of a beaver's being is spent swimming?
0 how does ultraviolet light wrong the dna of skin cells?
1 In what medium is Stuart Hamblen considered to be the first singing cowboy ?
1 what is the language unit of one of the languages spoken by the sioux?
1 what do the french margin call la manche?
0 What is a plant supplement ?
3 who found hawaii?
3 name the food company that has traveled to soviet georgia to film a series of ad.
3 which tv comedies are former movie star topology nora desmond, secretary of mrs. wiggins and a housewife named eunice?
1 in ad 999, what kind of celebrations, fears, were there?
3 which u.s. general was brought to justice for criticizing the american air influence?
5 What should the temperature be set at while baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
3 what group was formed in the 1969 after police encountered resistance from customers in stonewall, a gay room in greenwich village?
5 how many freckles does howdy doody have on his external body part?
3 who was bonnie blue butler with her parent?
3 who was the oldest u.s. president?
1 what tv show once admitted a contestant to picking his toes in the shower?
5 how many home runs did lou gehrig have during his occupation?
1 what color is the part on each side of a coho salmon?
3 which performer and airman of world war ii had put a $5,0 capital of hermann goering on his head?
3 which two ball game players turn off the battery?
2 what is the abbreviated condition used for the national bureau of investigation?
1 what is chronic stultification a symptom of?
5 How many propellers helped power the plane the Wright brothers flew into history ?
1 what is the chemical formula for gasoline?
4 what city has a material called the plain dealer?
0 what is the origin of the word ```four -letter word''?
3 which two baseball players turn off the artillery?
5 in what century did the romance of creation begin?
0 what prompted the colorado -pilots of the enola gay to enter only "my god" in his logbook?
0 why are organ transplants more successful present?
0 why is the satellite in different sizes and colors?
3 what's the name of the woman world health organization was with john belushi when he died?
1 what's the language unit of the tiger who throws corn flakes for frost flakes?
3 who's the mayor of marbella?
5 how old is the averproperty property of a horse?
2 what does the ```c''in equation e =mc2 mean?
3 who's the fastest guitar player?
3 who was gerald ford with the vice president?
1 what merchandise's ads claim that it ``eliminates odors, kills germs, mold', and flour?
4 What California bay 's largest island is Angel Island ?
1 what do you call a group of fathead?
3 which ship's company in alaska were affected by the oil spill exxon valdez?
5 How long would it take for a $ savings bond to mature ?
1 name the men's cologne connected to the ocean.
0 why does e seem to turn in wheel, e.g. in car city, in the opposite direction when it slows down?
1 what is the former language unit of zimbabwe?
5 what electronic equipment number can i call to plant a tree?
4 Where do people mountain climb in Nepal ?
5 how many group in tucson?
4 Where was George Washington born ?
1 what makes blue lacquer bolshevik?
3 Who liberated 19th century Sicily and Naples ?
0 what causes a person to have sweaty hands and vertebrate foot all the time?
5 How many millimeters are in a mile ?
1 what is the shape of the spur of a camel?
3 which two us biochemist won the nobel prize for medicine in the 1990s?
5 How old is singer Freedy Johnston ?
3 what future soviet speaker trained to become a priest when he turned to marxism?
1 what two great world religion began in india?
3 who invented the name "el nino"?
1 what household contains a flute ball, a ball hammer and an overflow pipe?
0 what is literary disapproval?
4 Where does most of the marijuana entering the United States come from ?
3 who rents shakespeare's antonio 3,0 dukes?
3 what's the discjockey's language unit, wolfman jack?
3 What are the names of Jacques Cousteau 's two sons ?
1 which flag are most sensitive to light?
1 What three colors of ink are used to print a U.S. dollar bill ?
3 Who holds the career record for the most major league home runs ?
1 What kind of species is the monster in the film `` Jaws '' ?
3 who won most oscars for costume design?
1 what 1915 product was the first with gross five million?
0 what meter can be taken to prevent diabetes?
5 how many furlong are there in a mile and a quarter?
4 which two caribbean political unit share the island of hispaniola?
3 who are the nomadic hunters and person of the kalahari desert in africa?
0 What is a multiplexer ?
4 which region produces the least acidic coffee?
3 what institution does madonna recruit for?
1 what is the most delicate member of the onion unit?
1 what does a sexual attraction between a adult and a woadult mean?
1 what was a california prayer book for an old west contestant?
3 who markets spaghetti -o's?
1 what is the name of the 19th century, when british troops were killed over three unarmed indian demonstrator?
1 what software offers inventors the function of cad -like design?
1 In Hemingway 's `` Old Man and the Sea , '' what kind of fish does the old man catch ?
0 what's the difference between precipitation and ice?
4 What two countries are linked by the Brenner Pass ?
4 What are the largest libraries in the US ?
4 where did woodstock take home?
3 what video activity hero do some of his fans call chomper?
0 What is the difference between hair and fur ?
0 what is a virtual ip address?
5 how much of the silver act is produced by independent silver smelters?
5 how many logarithmic scales are there on a plate glass rule?
4 what are some mythology web site?
5 when did french revolutionist storm the bastille?
3 who built the first successful curler coaster?
4 what former royal palace served as a granary, prison, arsenal, leprosy, mint, telegraph station and puff before becoming an artwork museum?
3 name the trick product genre that nancy and chuck cast with the magic ring.
3 which cable network is called "the unit negotiator".
4 where does ray bradbury's chronicles take place?
3 who invented that stupid kitten?
3 who danced with fred astaire in 1941's you'll never get rich?
3 Who would you use the Heimlich maneuver on ?
5 how many school region are there in the united states?
0 Why does it snow ?
1 what is the name of the 19th time period, when british troops were killed over three unarmed indian demonstrators?
4 which political unit do the nazis have for 1, cd nns in nnp nnp nnp nnp.
0 What does the term glory hole mean ?
3 who created dennis the menace?
3 who was the author of the famous fairy tale ``snow white and seven dwarfs''?
3 What is the name of Miss India 1994 ?
5 how many penny furthings are there on a trivial pursuit circuit board?
1 which animal has the best listening?
5 How many James Bond novels are there ?
4 where was the sixth annual meeting of indonesian and malaysian vegetation experts?
3 which toy company is the worldwide no.1 business of women's clothing?
1 what genesis am i in?
4 What is the nickname of Pennsylvania ?
0 why do heavier physical entity go down faster?
1 what sports features hooks and clean jester?
3 what british general has surrendered to the colonial military service in saratoga?
1 what commodity has william horlick discovered and produced?
3 Who portrayed The Cowardly Lion in The Wizard of Oz ?
0 what is the difference between father music and rock and roll?
3 who is the prime minister of norway?
1 what tv show shows larry, bud, melman and toast on a stick?
3 who was the pride of the yankees?
3 Who is the owner of CNN ?
1 what's a fear of drink?
0 why does sound travel faster through water than gas?
4 where does ray bradbury's chronicles take place?
1 what are the biological group of birds?
4 What Kenyan city is the safari center for East Africa ?
3 who invented panties?
4 What is the location of Edinburgh , Scotland ?
4 Where on the Internet can I find information on laundry detergent ?
5 What is the protection rate of using condoms ?
3 who is edmund kemper?
1 what non -alcoholic sweetening is made from pomegranate juice?
1 What other name were the `` Little Rascals '' known as ?
1 what kind of animals were in the paleozoic earned run average?
1 what was the distinguishing sign on the "little rascals" andiron?
3 what deaf artist painted sunflowers?
0 how do wasps make nest?
3 who was lauren bacall's first spouse?
4 What are the capital cities of the two large countries that occupy the Iberian peninsula in Europe ?
5 how will the california gas tax addition by 2000?
3 who invented television?
3 who's the richest adult in the world?
0 how does he make his semblance?
0 what is the aura of the night's watch, frank wills?
0 how do they find or choose witnesses to an murder?
3 who built a gravy boat out of strawberry?
4 which street is the original saks department mercantile establishment on?
4 which political unit is lund in?
1 what merchandise use a tiger as a symbol?
3 what ship's company claimed to be the largest toy store in the world?
3 what civil military action general has caused chaos in the south by marching through georgia on his way to the sea?
5 what's the rate of the mississippi?
1 What is the Scotch `` for people who know the difference '' ?
1 which sports magazine has the biggest version?
0 what is the message of hot wheels cars and how are they produced?
5 how much can you pay for having a andiron on the beach?
5 how many imaginary being are there in the chinese alphabet?
5 How many URL extensions are there ? and what are they ?
3 What comedian was The Perfect Fool ?
3 what chilean president was killed in a 1973 coup d'etat?
0 why should smoke be prohibited?
3 who's the father of the calculator?
3 who owns the rights to a tv program?
1 what's the only produce that starts with "z"?
3 who was the first x -man to die in combat?
3 who has the airway with pearls like ``do you love me'? get naked, baby! nope.
0 What are the Low Countries ?
0 What do Christian Scientists believe in ?
1 what person whale died of a fungal infection in sea world?
3 what comic from tv's golden age went according to the motto'everything for a laugh'?
0 what was the war in the living area?
0 What is the daily requirement of folic acid for an expectant mother ?
0 what is the point of the word "sideburn"?
0 what's the difference between emotion and emotion?
5 How many elephants are left on earth ?
5 what is the resultant role of a real baseball game?
5 how much waste does an average dairy cow produce in one time unit?
5 What is the recommended weight of a 15 year-old male that is 5 , 6 ?
5 how fast do cheetah run?
5 how many spaces follow a menstruation at the end of a sentence?
0 what is the purpose of quality for tornados?
3 which female defendant in the clue game is single?
3 Who is the president of Stanford University ?
5 what's the initial salary for prospective professional?
1 in the miller lite tv commercial, United Nations agency's the creature?
4 Where in the Bible does it tell about Jesus Christ 's brothers and sisters ?
4 which london thoroughfare is the home of british journalism?
4 What province is Edmonton located in ?
0 What is lung cancer ?
0 how do vertebrate have sex?
0 what is the origin of the term ``buffalo wings'', which is used as a menu item in bars throughout the political unit for chicken in a spicy sauce?
1 what was the top container office movie in april 1998?
3 what nazi person killed himself in prison just before he was executed as a war criminal?
3 who used auh2o as an vote logo?
1 What is the fastest computer ?
4 what's the name of the highest natural elevation in africa?
3 who was the bandleader, mentor of ella fitzgerald, with whom she uracilsed the "a -matty uracil tisket", a -task?
5 how much physical phenomenon is released when oxygen and hydrogen are mixed?
3 which heir of the department store is responsible for installing a 3 -ton safe in side of the andrea doria underwater wreck?
2 When reading classified ads , what does EENTY : other stand for ?
0 What does the name `` Sabrina '' mean ?
0 what's the difference between erle stanley gardner's case of the frightened cyclone?
4 which countries have sierra nevada batch?
3 which u.s. president showed a liking for bee pollen snacks?
4 which caribbean land is northeast of trinidad?
0 what's the message of the toast?
1 what was a california prayer publication for an old west player?
3 which company manufactures video activity hardware sells the ````````super system''?
0 what is ethology?
4 Where is Natick ?
3 what are the names of two old force who appear on the muppet show?
5 how many spears are there on kenya's pin?
0 What is office automation ?
0 what caused the acrobatic stunt between the anglicans and the vatican?
5 how many country are there?
3 who wrote the book "the grinch who stole christmas"?
4 what's the biggest agency block in the world?
1 what musical instrument did prewitt play in james jones's from here to eternity?
0 what kind of snowballs are hot placental?
0 what's in child powder and child lotion that makes it smell like that?
5 how many speech are there in spanish?
0 what is the lineage of the word "murder"?
5 what is the price for aaa indebtedness insurance?
5 how long does a pig's consummation last?
3 which stereo manufacturer is a little faster than its meter?
3 who says they have the biggest show in the world?
5 how many guy play the game in winslow homer's 1872 painting snap the whip?
3 who was the first president to appoint a charwoman to head a cabinet?
3 what dynasty star topology made their 2nd century fox debut at the virgin queen?
0 what is a link?
0 what is the origin of question lice?
4 What country has the most coastline ?
4 what continent is the second highest peak of mont blanc?
0 What is Olestra ?
0 in the musical composition "yankee doodle", why did yankee doodle put a feather in his hat and call it macaroni?
3 who asked the musical question ```````````````have you ever been on the electric woman' land?''
3 What South Vietnamese president was assassinated by his generals in 1963 ?
3 what did the seven dwarves do for a experience?
1 what's the name of the unit circus dog?
5 how many trees are used in paper output in one year?
4 where did victor hugo spend his absentee?
3 what famous men and women unit has made radio ads for blue nun wine?
0 What is the origin of the word `` mind '' ?
0 what is the explanation of low island?
3 for which college did dikembe mutombo play court game?
3 what fool isn't smart enough to lose an oath to win a eden?
5 What is the temperature for cooking ?
0 what's the definition of a occultist?
0 why do they call ice cup ice cup?
1 What book is the follow-up to Future Shock ?
3 who did bobby fischer beat to win the world cup?
0 What can be done about snoring ?
4 Where can I find info on research being done on oilseeds thru genetics ?
1 what has the chinese emperor presented to the english soldier gordon in acceptance of his service in fighting insurgency?
3 who were the skilled worker of the comedy hour smothers brothers?
1 what are the titles of some r -rate sony playstation activity?
3 what is the most common name of boys or woman?
3 what polity did the untouchables work for?
3 what classical spanish communicator said "all that glitzers is not gold"?
4 What European country 's monarchy was restored in 1975 ?
4 Jackson Pollock was a native of what country ?
4 which country is partially bounded by the indian ocean and corals and tasman ocean?
0 what are the speech to "my way" by paul anka?
3 who portrayed sherlock holmes in 14 -film serial between 1939 and 1946?
1 all right, top four airstrip on a can of pepsi, what colors?
1 What sport is Chris Jogis a top player of ?
4 Where can I buy a pony on the Big Island for my daughter ?
1 what do the cook call the master spice?
3 Who is the monarch of the United Kingdom ?
0 how can i enforce new rules for a group of young multitude who have been allowed to do what they want?
4 what former royal palace served as a granary, prison, armament, leprosy, mint, telegraph station and puff before becoming an art museum?
1 what developed a crack in 1835 when he suffered the change of u.s. attorney general john marshall?
5 how many communication are there in the world?
3 Who was the inventor of the stove ?
3 who is the antichrist?
1 what has san francisco's milt harper grown that measures 24 -inch duty from the top to the top in 1974?
3 what ball game star turned down a $1,000 -year contract because he didn't think he deserved it?
0 how can you contact online producers and advertiser?
3 which baseball contestant was charley hustle?
4 which river runs the grand coulee barrier?
1 what was the name of the american ship that was sunk by a excavation in the port of havana and started the spanish -american war?
0 how does ultraviolet luminosity damage the dna of skin cells?
3 what italian leader has been afraid of the evil sense organ for life?
5 how many human body does a disk camera make?
1 What war did Johnny Reb and Billy Yank fight ?
1 which sports magazine has the biggest impression?
3 what unhappy american general dragged a terrier named willie through world war ii?
5 How long does a human live ?
5 what are bottle caps with president' pictures inside?
3 what feathered cartoon imaginary being do the yugoslavs know as vlaja, gaja and raja?
1 what story does morality have: ````who wants everything gets nothing''''?
1 how long does it take in the comic lyric?
3 who is desmond tutu?
1 stuart hammlen is considered the first musical performance cowboy of what?
3 name the blind sculptor who fell in emotion with the fantastic four.
5 what is the percentage of children two to eleven year old who watch the simpsons?
3 what piano company claims that its product is the instrument of the celebrity?
3 which hungarian cardinal number was first a prisoner of state and then a refugee in the u.s. embassy 1956 to 1971?
3 What record company produced the 1978 movie The Wiz ?
3 which writer journalist described his name with colorful broadway and subterranean characters?
5 how many kinds of canine' dicks are there - three
5 how many residential district chest cards are there in monopoly?
3 which body does the security council belong to?
3 who's archie bunker with his son -in -law?
3 which corporate executive lived on 219 north delaware street, independence, missouri?
0 where does the term "swarm nine" come from?
4 What country surrounds San Marino , the world 's smallest Republic ?
0 How did Asia get its name ?
3 who was lacan?
4 where can i find information about detergent on the internet?
0 What are Maid-Rites ?
1 What was the species of Winnie the Pooh ?
0 What is the purpose of the SysRq key on my computer keyboard ?
1 What is a fear of reptiles ?
4 what's the nickname for the administrative district of mississippi?
5 How many hearts does an octopus have ?
4 what is the assets of taiwan?
1 What is the most commonly used 1 letter word in the English language ?
1 what cleansing agent prevents eczema, seborrhea and psoriasis?
5 how many bottle of wine were allowed in the bastille per day?
1 what do i call the sons and daughter of my first cousins?
3 who did bush compare saddam hussein to?
5 How much can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
0 why are there braille things on the atms multitude drive through?
3 name of the hero in ``scruples''?
0 how can i get someone's phone number if i only have their filmdom name?
3 what category of girl does "teddy" mean a loving form of?
1 How do you say I love you in Spanish ?
4 what famous landscape is a 15 -minute gravy boat ride through the venetian lagoon of venice?
3 who has friz freleng added to the warner bros. cartoon racks?
3 what was the christian language unit of the title character in our miss brooks?
3 who followed caesar?
3 what are the first defamation of lunt and fontanne's famous men and women?
4 what administrative district is dixville notch in?
4 What botanical marvel did Nebuchadnezzar build ?
3 what was the name of the 6.500 german air force that used the spanish civil war as a activity exercise?
1 what merchandise did robert conrad dare people to pat him on the back?
3 who claims to be the most evolved world in the world?
4 which political unit contains the highest point in south america?
1 name a golf education in myrtle beach.
3 what famous coach said if you can't beat her in the street, you can't beat her on the ice?
0 what is the definition of the term "weapons arrangement"?
4 what is the highest body of water in the united states?
5 How many people on the ground were killed from the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland , December 21 , CD .
4 which country has banned the russians from one United States liquid unit of its territory?
0 What is Boston Kreme ?
4 which u.s. country is lake sam rayburn?
3 what college did dikembe mutombo play court game in?
1 in the miller lite tv commercial, world health organization's the creature?
1 what's the highest piece on a checkerboard?
3 who wrote the musical composition "stardust"?
3 who hired jackie kennedy to write the death of a president?
5 how many american soldiers have died for their political unit to this day?
0 why do some clothing labels say "use a chlorine -free plane"?
0 how do i do my own volition and volition?
3 who is imam hussain ben ali that the shiites believe in?
4 where was helium first discovered, hence his language unit?
3 Who was Buffalo Bill ?
3 Who invented the electric guitar ?
5 how many american soldiers have died for their country to this sidereal day?
5 how many warmup sound property does a substitute get in a baseball game?
3 which miniature company is the worldwide no.1 manufacturer of women's clothing?
0 What is the Motto for the State of Maryland ?
1 name the product ``at your grocery store', at your tip.''
4 where does the world championship hundring take home every february?
4 which land group contains jersey, guernsey, sark and herm?
5 How many rows of whiskers does a cat have ?
4 what desert country margin saudi arabia, iraq and the persian gulf?
1 which sports cartridge holder has the biggest edition?
1 what were hairy banknotes in the animal skin trade?
3 Who killed Kurt Cobain ?
5 what is the angular distance and longitude of el paso, texas?
4 what is the longest river in the worldly concern?
0 How do you solve `` Rubik 's Cube '' ?
3 what's the name of the actor who appeared in the movie "silence of the lambs"?
3 who else was considered for the function of luke skywalker when george lucas appeared for star wars?
0 what qualifications are there for people who donate liquid body substance?
0 What is the AIM-54C Phoenix ?
3 What TV talk-show host lends his name to a line of men 's clothing ?
3 Who played the father on `` Charles in Charge '' ?
3 who ran the first woody woodpecker cartoon?
0 what is agra's claim to aura, india?
1 what is the music used in the new vw beetle commercial where the cable car turns and the colors change?
1 What sport features snatches and clean jerks ?
0 what is the largest variety show of cactus?
1 what are the best ways to improve employee esprit de corps at low cost?
1 what was the decision making to vhs?
3 who's the fastest swimmer in the world?
1 what malignant tumor are often associated with aids?
4 what is the largest political unit in latin america?
1 What is Ray Bradbury 's illustrated man illustrated with ?
1 which plant has the largest semen?
3 who is the author of the record, "the iron lady: a biography of margaret thatcher"?
1 what european race sees the achiever of the mountain stage with a shirt with big red points?
0 how do birds have bodily process?
3 who was confucius?
3 which author of the "days of our lives cookbook" participated in the "days of our lives" in 198's as liz chandler?
0 what is the origin of the term ``buffalo wings'', which is used as a menu part in bars throughout the nation for chicken in a spicy sauce?
2 what does the blue magnetic tape mean?
0 How can you prevent it ?
4 in which political unit does the nile originate?
4 what famous london criminal court was once a feudal mansion?
5 When did the `` Star-Spangled Banner '' become the national anthem ?
3 who invented panties?
3 Who was the president of Vichy France ?
4 where can i find the past of hungarian?
5 how many group were there from the bombing of pan am flight 103 via lockerbie, scotland, december 21, cd.
4 jackson pollock is from what political unit?
3 what is the affair of the bouvier dog breed?
4 which country and western musician is known as silver fox?
3 who commanded the french troops in the battle of orleans?
3 who was the litigant in the trial of the century, which opened january 1st, 1935?
3 what was fred astaire's dance spouse's name?
3 world health organization was the king world health organization signed the magna carta?
1 What 's the traditional drink at the Kentucky Derby ?
0 what kind of baseball expression came from the nautical term for ships sailing in presence of the panama canal between the atlantic and the pacific?
5 when did the use of the syringe first appear in medical past?
4 which african country was founded by free american slave in 1847?
1 what movie had caused bette davis a gossip by wearing a daring red dress to a social ball?
3 who put fatman on "jake and the fatman"?
3 what comedy surprised dwight d. eisenhower's first ceremony by the birth of her first child?
1 what material do good rhine wines come in?
5 How big is our galaxy in diameter ?
1 What 's the common name for acetylsalicylic acid ?
0 What is humidity ?
1 What program do I need to run a .tbk file ?
0 What is the difference between a board of directors and an advisory board ?
0 what is the origin of blue for male and pink for girls?
1 what was the activity of the pink panther?
5 how many time of life before led zeppelin released his last album?
0 what is the evidence that domestic building complex metabolize carcinogens?
1 what jewish leisure saw the beginning of the 1973 middle east war?
5 how much stronger is the new glass -shaped carbon substance invented by the tokyo institute of technology compared to the cellulose substance?
1 what infectious disease kills most group worldwide?
5 what is the average life expectancy of a world in ireland in 1996?
5 How many stars are there on the Soviet Union 's flag ?
3 what unit was made of baseball's st. louis browns?
0 what does the contribution mean?
3 which ventura county police department has seized the largest cocaine shipment in past?
1 which coinage make up more than two thirds of the known coinage?
0 what is the lineage of the term ``buffalo wings'', which is used as a menu item in bars throughout the nation for chicken in a spicy sauce?
1 What part of your body contains the corpus callosum ?
0 what is the design of the vessel titanic?
4 which political unit have the largest forest areas?
0 how do you match a name to a social safety number?
3 which workplace was the bateau lavoir in montmartre?
1 what merchandise has william horlick discovered and produced?
1 what was the language unit of the famous texas -mexico fight?
0 why do some jets have a vapor trail, others don't?
1 in the novel by john steinbeck, the unit joad from oklahoma is played.
1 What kind of guitar did Jimi Hendrix play ?
3 what are the defamation of lucy and linus from peanut's comic book?
3 who played maria in the product west side story?
3 which american naval officer broke japan's isolation plan of action in 1853?
3 What feathered cartoon characters do Yugoslavians know as Vlaja , Gaja , and Raja ?
3 who won the most super bowls?
3 Who was the original Humpty Dumpty ?
5 how many holes are there in a game ball?
1 what meat added sweet potatoes and legume to the first tv dinner?
4 which tokyo street shines with famous department stores and cabaret?
1 what kind of jeans did calvin klein admit in a 1984 consultation that he felt more comfortable wearing them?
3 who were yankee's frequent enemies?
3 which u.s. president showed a preference for hymenopterous insect pollen snacks?
1 what impenetrable system of french fortifications was built along the german margin before the second world war?
1 which paper game derived its name from biritch or russian whist?
0 how did people react to the idea of the first time period?
5 in what time period were nylon stockings first sold?
0 What caused Shea & Gould to close their L.A. office ?
1 what visual property are the walls of the kremlin?
3 who's the spokesperson of miss piggy?
0 how do machines recognize if your monetary unit is one or five?
4 which state produces the best shellfish for dinner?
0 what facial features usually contain over 55 body covering?
0 why should breathing be prohibited?
3 who was shot in the back during a poker plot in deadwood, dakota territory?
3 Who is the Antichrist ?
1 what's the language unit of the game garry kasparov plays?
3 who is malaysia with the 43rd prime minister?
4 what is the object of procter gamble?
1 what is the language unit of the jewish alphabet?
3 who made the musical controversy "true to your school"?
3 who was the first actress to appear on a marker?
1 what's a fear of batch?
0 what are the strengths and weaknesses of the green lantern sound?
3 who's the ace in the rental car?
3 What is the name of the firm that makes Spumante ?
3 which louisiana senator won a buttocks held by his father and mother?
3 what was the language unit of football star elroy hirsch?
3 who were the dirtiest group alive?
1 What is the biggest `` thing '' humans have made ?
4 Where can stocks be traded on-line ?
5 what is the chemical responsiveness of argon?
5 how many "no" answers were the what's my line? permission?
0 why are movie and tv stars paid so much?
1 what's a fear of region?
1 what enthusiastic taste flower first... snickers or three musketeers?
3 which athlete makes the most money selling mutant goods?
0 why do roosters sing at five in the dawn?
0 why did david koresh ask the fbi for a text -processing idea?
4 what city in southern california is named after a human body that was famous by edgar rice burroughs?
1 what was the language unit of hitler's unsuccessful attempt to overthrow the bavarian government in munich in the 1920s?
5 what does an average day care proletarian pay in new england?
1 what cocktail inspired john doxat to write the publication stirred -not shaken?
4 which city is the starting period for climbing mount everest?
3 What comedian created a punch-drunk pugilist named Cauliflower McPugg ?
2 what does the e stand for in equation e =mc2?
1 which words in english have two uracil's back to back?
1 what's the only animal that can turn its abdomen outward?
1 what kind of cooking oil has "corn quality"?
4 which country is last on an alphabetical tilt?
1 what does the playboy call his "ongoing dialogue on current topic between playboy and his readers"?
5 on what sidereal day were john f and jackie kennedy married?
4 What are the top 5 tallest buildings in the world ?
1 what is the term for the region of the mountain facing the prevailing winds?
3 what card company sells christmas adornment?
0 what is the origin of the term ``buffalo wings'', which is used as a menu detail in bars throughout the nation for chicken in a spicy sauce?
1 what are the signs of a country going into economic condition?
1 what category of hat does bat masterson wear?
5 what is the chemical phenomenon rate for australian money for american money?
1 what products use a person as a symbol?
3 which engineer invented the pull yellow journalism can?
4 where can i find all the message i need to know about the english civil war, 1642 -1649?
4 Where is Erykah Badu originally from ?
0 what is the activity of a 24 -hour watch instead of a 12 -hour watch?
1 what changing terror has rome come to earth to fight?
3 which founder and which son won the medal of honor?
3 who was the mother of the adult who would not be king, the duke of windsor?
0 what were the causes of the civil military action?
1 What color are the castellated walls of the Kremlin ?
1 what baseball evaluation required nine balls in 1879, eight balls in 1880 and seven balls in 1881?
3 who was the mother of the man who would not be king, the duke of windsor?
3 what six -foot nature lawyer kept her axe in salons?
1 Name the operating system that runs on IBM-compatible machines .
3 who built the first plane that could fly?
4 where do i find the schematic for the windshield wiper?
3 which mayor made so many tv quality that he was invited by aftra in 1984?
1 which cbs cleansing agent opera was interrupted by the bulletin on john f. kennedy's murder?
1 what tv show shows the undertaking of a couple named jonathan and jennifer?
3 what is the language unit of the american who was caught when his plane crashed over syrian lebanon?
0 How did ` stat ' come to be used as an expression for quickly ?
1 what kind of escargot is a escargot?
3 who is the prime minister of china?
3 what army motto is "liquid body substance and fire"?
3 Which Rockefeller was sometimes called `` JDR3 '' ?
5 What month of the year is there no television in Iceland ?
1 what kind of motor vehicle did janis joplin ask the gentleman to buy her?
3 what kind of multitude participated in shay's "rebellion in massachusetts in 1787"?
3 which company was the original sponsor of tv's superman?
3 who created big ben?
0 how do you identify prime act?
1 what is the deadliest infectious disease in the natural object?
4 What ocean was Amelia Earhart flying over when she disappeared ?
0 what are the text to the star spangled banner?
3 who built the first plane that could fly?
3 what singer got desperate over the end of freddie prince, left the show business and then left the business?
5 How many pounds are there in a stone ?
3 what famous tv conversation show host was a lay predator when he was seventeen?
0 why don't we ask for the draft, not the bill in a restaurant?
1 what is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as involuntary movements, sound, swearing and incoherent vocalizations, grunts, screams, etc.?
3 which company manufactures video plot hardware sells the ````````super system''?
5 in what time period was desmond mpilo tutu awarded the nobel peace prize?
1 what is the only modern language that capitalizes its singular first person function word?
1 Name the four stories contained in Edith Wharton 's `` Old New York . ''
0 what is commonly referred to as the fifth awareness?
1 which region should a bowler hit the 3 -pin left or right with a view to a 37803 split?
3 what's the name of the ship's company that produces the american girl doll collection?
4 which u.s. country has the lowest height at six feet?
3 what are the names of jack's original roommate at three's company?
0 How do you get a broken cork out of a bottle ?
5 what is the chemical responsiveness of neon?
5 when did the jurassic period goal?
3 who was the second man to walk on the moon?
3 Rotary engines were manufactured by which company ?
3 which famous actor is the father of celestial body alan alda?
1 what video format was an decision making to vhs?
3 what initials of the fast food magnate decorated the left sleeves of the san diego padres baseball uniform in 1984?
3 what were the defamation of the gangsters bonnie and clyde?
5 what is the share of children two to eleven years old who watch the simpsons?
3 Who was Israel 's first prime minister ?
4 What is the oldest website on the Internet ?
3 Who invented the game Scrabble ?
0 Why is the word `` abbreviation '' so long ?
1 what was edward albee's first all -day plot?
1 what kind of dressing is "real" dressing?
0 how do you address a chinese causal agent?
5 how much was the monetary value for the vacuum products department varian associates?
5 What is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?
4 how do you turn your bike to raise the fire clockwise or clockwise?
0 what do you do if your shiner doesn't work as fast as it actually is?
0 What is leukemia ?
3 which ivy league school plays their home plate games at palmer stadium?
4 which river runs the grand coulee decameter?
5 How many lakes are there on the Earth ?
3 who is the son -in -law of sen everett dirkson, who was also a senator of the large integer?
3 What college football team did Knute Rockne build into a power ?
4 Where was the largest concentration camp in World War II ?
0 How do you find the area of a circle ?
1 what were popular sung and types of sung in the 1920s?
1 What is a fear of food ?
3 which toy company is the worldwide no.1 manufacturer of charwoman's clothing?
0 what happens to the female natural object with lack of sleep and food?
4 where can i get a map of prussia on the internet?
4 where are the apartment in saint john, new brunswick?
5 how long do you have to repay debts after claiming chapter 11 failure?
5 what is the price for aaa liability security?
0 what kind of snowball are hot rodents?
3 What king was forced to agree to the Magna Carta ?
5 What is the population of Kansas ?
1 What is after death ?
3 who was the first black man to coach a major league professional mutant team?
0 what is the matter for ````smelly cat''''''?
0 how is digital auditory communication used?
3 who among the following celebrities doesn't paint as a avocation?
0 what is carpal tunnel complex?
1 What soft drink would provide me with the biggest intake of caffeine ?
3 what was the language unit of the american helicopter pilot who was shot down over north korea?
1 what is canada's official organism?
3 what comedian created a packer named cauliflower mcpugg?
1 what kind of creatures are black, yellow and brown bullhead?
3 who won the most super bowls?
5 when does the bible say the time period have begun?
0 How do I find info about rice importers in the world ?
1 What is the most expensive car in the world ?
0 what is a watchmaker?
1 What does saliva consist of ?
1 which record is the follow -up to future shock?
3 who were the 1974 oscar winners?
5 what's columbia tristar's electronic equipment number?
4 what new york city landmark has 168 steps to its peak?
1 what is the electronic device used to create visual displays that match the electrical signal?
4 Where was Richard Nixon when Gerald Ford became president ?
1 what film marked robert redford's decrease?
3 who invented the fax?
4 What California desert is dubbed High Desert ?
3 What female suspect in the game of Clue is single ?
3 who produces spumante?
3 who collects datum in tourism?
1 what is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as involuntary movements, ticks, swearing and incoherent voice, grunts, screams, etc.?
5 how many e -commerce institution are created daily?
1 what is the most common kind of skin cancer in the usa?
4 what is the longest suspension structure in the world?
1 What is the name of the ` female ' counterpart to El Nino , which results in cooling temperatures and very dry weather ?
1 which meal cereal brought you "the best" every morning?
5 What is the length of border between the Ukraine and Russia ?
1 What basketball maneuver did Bert Loomis invent ?
5 what was the aim rate for m3 growth in 1992?
3 Who is Terrence Malick ?
3 who's uncle duke's girlfriend living with, sweetening?
3 who's the richest woman in the world?
3 who wrote the collector?
0 why is the moon in different magnitude and colors?
5 When did Iraqi troops invade Kuwait ?
3 do you call the company that used the channel ```even your best friend will not say ``in his ad'?
4 where can i find information about detergents on the internet?
3 what president served five years, six month and two days?
0 What is the meaning of Jesus ?
0 what saying ended with merrie melodies cartoons?
5 what time period was the wall built?
5 what's the world record for the longest haircloth?
3 which ship's company produces spumante?
3 what former african person held the title of his country for nine years?
1 what plot can garry kasparov really do well?
0 What is the definition of the Scrabble word ` syzygy ' ?
3 Who is the President of Pergament ?
3 who broke the sound barrier first?
3 what's michael jackson's parent's name?
0 What did Mighty Mouse always sing as he went into action ?
1 what's the name of jamiroquai's new medium?
1 What animals do you find in the stock market ?
1 what are canine habits?
4 what are all the stream in europe?
3 in dana's two years before the mast, which sailors lived in an abandoned chamber on the beach of san diego?
3 what category of organization is "last chance for animals"?
3 who's snoopy with the arch foe?
3 who are the top ten richest people in the natural object?
3 who wrote the lyrics to porgy and bess?
1 What whisky is `` known by the company it keeps '' ?
4 which area of nevada was designated the largest small city in the world?
0 What are Kythnos , Siphnos , Seriphos and Mykonos ?
1 what code offers inventors the use of cad -like design?
1 what is the term for limestone repositing rising from the bottom of a cave?
3 which major league ball game team has set the best record to win between 1957 and 1983?
5 what time unit of the week was july 13th?
1 what is the creation of growing miniature trees?
4 where's the biggest post office building in the worldly concern?
4 What Southern California town is named after a character made famous by Edgar Rice Burroughs ?
1 What common ailment can 't you catch at the North Pole ?
0 what are the principle for "snow wolf"?
3 What company named one of its pens `` The Banana '' ?
0 What is false consciousness ?
5 How many people have been Captain America ?
4 which island was the reference point of operation urgent anger?
0 what is the difference between neoclassical art and love story?
1 what's the name of the tiger who throws cereal flakes for frost flakes?
5 how many bottles of alcohol were allowed in the bastille per day?
0 how do i start a savings bank?
3 What company is being bought by Yahoo and how much is the deal worth ?
5 how many world died building the mackinaw bridge?
3 who is the king of swing?
5 what's columbia tristar's telephone number?
3 who was the first woman in distance?
5 how much does clara peller pay wendy's to say, "where's the gripe?"
3 which ship's company started making cakes and ended up throwing plastic toys?
0 how does the process affect the flight of a dragon?
3 what the french designer said: "the jean is the destructor! it's a dictator! it destroys creativity. jeans must be stopped!'' nope.
4 where do i get piano music for the jamiroquai musical composition every day for the midi?
3 which sovereign signed the magna carta?
3 what stuffed tv imaginary being was born in baghdad?
5 how many apple variety are there?
0 What is a Chinese `` spouting '' bowl ?
1 What did Tristan come back as ?
5 How many claws has a lobster called a pistol lost ?
5 how long on average does it take to write a handwriting?
0 what is a semiconductor device?
0 What 's distinctive about a palmiped 's feet ?
5 how much does it cost to produce and send junk chain mail catalogues on average or whatever is available in the usa? dt cd nn nn
3 can you name a stage dancing company mikhail baryshnikov danced for?
1 what is a proficiency that is often used to detect birth defects?
3 what honeymooners actor called television magazine the 1953's most promising star?
4 what state was general douglas mcarthur in when president truman called him back?
3 who were the four famous founder of united artists?
4 Where is Los Vegas ?
3 which writer of the 19th time period. had a farm on the hudson called sunnyside?
0 how does a bomber work?
5 how many calories are there in a solid of water?
0 how does the elongated man know there's a information going on?
5 what season is the setting for shakespeare's midsummer night's dream?
3 what fictional human body is called "melancholy danish"?
1 what irwin allen bomb said richard widmark will be "the first officer in history to be kicked in the fuck by a bunch of bugs!" nope.
1 what kind of training do you need to become a sports flight simulator for the nfl?
1 The Jewish alphabet is known as what ?
4 What city is sometimes called Gotham ?
1 What Irwin Allen bomb has Richard Widmark saying he 'll be `` the first officer in history to get his butt kicked by a mess of bugs ! '' ?
1 what kind of andiron is scooby doo?
5 how many watts make a power unit?
5 how many pitchers occupy the ledge next to the kneeling woman in edgar degas 1886 paintings the tub?
1 which animals do you find on the lineage market?
4 where can i find data about the cyclone that hit new jersey on 8 /28 /1941?
3 which south american president of the united states was assassinated by his generals in the 1963?
3 at what body was woodrow wilson president?
1 what holiday are celebrated in ireland?
0 what is the recommended daily prerequisite for folic acid for pregnant women?
1 what were millions of juvenile wearing on their heads in the 1955s?
0 how was the finding in the lizzie borden trial?
3 whose world did conrad hilton jr. and michael wilding lock up?
3 what story did the football trainer tell in the movie run to daylight?
4 which u.s. state is last on an alphabetical tilt?
2 What is DTMF ?
4 Where can I get information on the original 13 US colonies ?
3 What dictator has the nickname `` El Maximo '' ?
4 where can i get a representation of professor randolph quirk?
3 who is the actress goldie hawn's current actor friend?
5 what time unit is called the "national time unit of prayer"?
3 which group make up half the population of the soviet union?
5 how many referees work a football activity?
1 what james michener book is subtitles for spanish travel and contemplation?
1 which vehicle are driven in the tour de france?
3 who was the second adult to walk on the moon?
1 what color is the residue?
1 what is the strongest caffeinated food?
0 How does a hurricane form ?
5 How many Leos have been Pope ?
0 Where did marijuana come from ?
4 what state is ileana cotrubas from?
1 what's the book by william styron about a black preacher leading a slave rebellion?
0 why is the universe flat, if it started with an discharge, shouldn't it be a bullet?
1 what is the right way to install a roll of gutter paper?
4 which state includes 8, 600, 387 square kilometers?
5 how many formation schools are there in the united states?
3 Who is Barbara Jordan ?
0 what's the only cigarette without leftover?
1 what are some colorful flower that will bloom in new england in autumn?
4 what is the famous mexican star thalia's code?
3 who defeated napoleon in jena and auerstadt?
5 how many meter is the obstacle to a runner's steep water jump?
1 what color are the flowers of a cerise tree?
0 How do you write a book report ?
3 which football unit did o.j. simpson take to the rose bowl?
1 what letter is right of k on a character printer keyboard?
5 what is the salary of a u.s. negotiator?
5 what's the average weight for a adult?
0 how do i keep cats out of my flower plot forever?
3 which writer is known to place himself physically at the French region of his subject?
3 who gave abbie hoffman his first dose of lsd?
1 what's the international radio word for the letter b?
3 what was the name of the player United Nations agency played at the eagles in super bowl xv?
5 how many movies are made by the big workplace in a year?
3 What is Nicholas Cage 's occupation ?
4 which country saw the origin of the asian contagious disease?
5 what sidereal day of the week was july 13th?
4 which city in china has the largest act of foreign financial companies?
1 what are the defamation of all u.s. navy carriers?
3 who reports the atmospheric phenomenon on the good morning america tv show?
5 what is the per capita financial gain of colombia, south america?
3 what despicable villain stole the bob from my lunch?
1 What was the name of the U.S. Navy gunboat in the film The Sand Pebbles ?
4 what city has the oldest relationship as a kinship with los angeles?
0 what is a portal vein?
3 who was the inspiration for the teacher portrayed by robin williams in the dead poets society?
5 how many leaf does a heptagon have?
5 how big is the replica of the matterhorn in disneyland?
1 what about the bull in the canadian monopoly issue?
5 how long does it take to decompose different material?
0 how does the food colour affect your preference?
1 what's the language unit of the tampa paper?
4 Where does Mother Angelica live ?
4 Where are the tropical rain forest distributions ?
3 who was the bandleader, mentor of ella fitzgerald, with whom she used the "a -matty u tisket", a -task?
1 what's the name of the canadian public tv children's show with the singing herb?
4 What is the best online games site ?
5 How old is the sun ?
0 why are organ transplant more successful today?
5 how was thatcher's admission to might after ten years?
3 Who is the father of the computer ?
4 which body of water is the source of the white nile?
1 what cartoon was originally represented by the peasant course?
3 who won the struggle of gettysburg?
0 what is the wording of the fifth correction?
3 who portrayed the cowardly big cat in the wizard of oz?
5 what is the people of biloxi, mississippi?
4 What city hosted the first Winter Olympics in Asia ?
3 what famous actress has her first appearance on stage at the age of five in the 191 class as a "baby"?
0 How can someone become a federal agent ?
3 who is the prophet most connected to the dead sea?
5 What is the population of the largest Chilean city
1 what baseball score required nine game equipment in 1879, eight game equipment in 1880 and seven game equipment in 1881?
5 when is a adult most fertile?
1 What chemicals are used in lethal injection ?
5 how many traveler have been on the moon?
3 What terrorist group was headed by Donald DeFreeze ?
5 how many colored public square are there on a rubik's cube?
3 What is Li 'l Abner 's last name ?
1 what is the most commonly used computer course of study?
4 what do we call the imaginary line at the peak of the rocky mountains?
3 what kind of enterprise is this?
0 why do recipe books recommend to start with cold binary compound when cooking something?
0 what is a green Muslim?
5 when did spain and korea establish ambassador sexual intercourse?
3 which nba players had jersey act 0?
0 What is the difference between terry cloth and French terry ?
1 what is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as involuntary movements, ticks, swearing and incoherent vocalizations, grunts, cry, etc.?
3 What appointments secretary to Richard Nixon went to jail ?
1 what were the five first step words about ben casey?
0 How do ants have sex ?
1 what's the name of a golf path in myrtle beach?
3 What relative of Leo Tolstoy translated War and Peace eight times ?
4 which two cities typically mark the extreme of the sleeve canal?
3 who said he killed 4,280 buffalo as food for the crew t hat built the kansas pacific railway?
5 in what class did the united states adopt copyright?
1 musician ray charles plays on what legal document?
3 what corporate executive never held an elected office until he was elected to the white house?
3 who created the performer "garfield"?
1 what is the most efficient way to start a dish?
4 Name the country which Honecker lived in .
5 How many casinos are in Atlantic City , NJ ?
1 Name a movie that the actress , Sandra Bullock , had a role in .
1 What type of animal is the easiest kept pet there is ?
4 Where on the Internet can I find a song lyrics database similar to the International Lyrics Server ?
3 which criminal record company produced the 1978 movie the wiz?
0 How did Jayne Mansfield die ?
3 what actor has a tattoo on his right gliding joint that scotland forever reads?
0 how do i east mail someastoneast at aol.com from yahoo.com?
0 what's the saying for the state of maryland?
0 what are good book?
3 name the designer of the shoe that has produced millions of doctrine of plastic, known as ``jelly'.
0 What personality traits are Capricorns said to have ?
0 how can i find a list of -, duplicator - and e -mail addresses for the massachusetts personnel department?
2 what is the acronym for the air conditioning ratio rating system?
2 what does the e stand for in equality e =mc2?
3 who were yankee's frequent enemy?
1 what war has jeep and quisling added to the english communication?
5 how big is the arctic area to maintain unique wildlife and wildlife value on alaska's northern coast?
5 how many sugars are there in the small internal organ?
1 what are other ways, stretching strips other than pregnancy, system of weights loss and system of weights loss?
5 What does each of the utilities cost in Monopoly ?
3 what mythical figure wears a hourglass and a edge tool?
3 who's the richest man in the world?
1 what's a emotion of bees?
3 what institution claimed to be the largest toy store in the world?
3 what doonesbury imaginary being could turn into a werewolf?
5 When was the G7 group of nations formed ?
1 what album did the beatles put on the binding of time in 1967?
1 what movie contained a pathetic character named kid shelleen?
2 What does NASA stand for ?
2 What 's the abbreviation for trinitrotoluene ?
4 What was the only country in the Western Hemisphere to join the Russian-led boycott of the 1984 Summer Olympics ?
3 who started the dominos dish chain?
1 what is the character set for latin?
3 which body revives hanover, new hampshire?
1 what was the biggest factor in keeping north american motor vehicle off the streets during world war ii?
0 what is object -oriented blueprint?
4 what municipality is sometimes called gotham?
5 where is the us among the countries of the world in the location?
0 How did the tradition of best man start ?
4 where is the most active volcano in the natural object?
1 what is the name of the "female adornment" to el nino, which leads to cold temperatures and very dry weather?
1 What 's the most powerful card in Euchre ?
3 what amount did alexandre dumas write about?
0 what maneuver can be taken to prevent diabetes?
0 How do doctors diagnose bone cancer ?
3 who invented the toothbrush?
1 what is a fear of nonaccomplishment?
1 what comedian was never turned into a broadway musical?
5 how much waste does an average farm cow produce in one day?
5 how many professional are there in the state of new jersey?
3 What famous model was married to Billy Joel ?
1 what is the greatest point of white magic in the marvel universe?
3 who claims to be the most evolved man in the worldly concern?
3 what television camera company said ```if you don't have the time, do we have the television camera?''
3 What Pope inaugurated Vatican International Radio ?
5 what does an average sidereal day care worker pay in new england?
3 Who succeeded Nikita Khrushchev as first secretary of the Communist Party ?
3 who's barbara jordan?
4 what environment does the scorpion live in?
4 which country is the environment for edgar allan poe's the pit and the pendulum?
4 which country is proud to claim the vent national park?
1 Ray Charles is best known for playing what instrument ?
0 what is the point of the ethnic category "caucasian"?
0 what is the recommended daily requirement for folic acid for pregnant adult?
2 What does S.O.S. stand for ?
3 who designed the london bridge?
1 what are other ways, stretching strips other than pregnancy, weight transferred property and weight transferred property?
1 what lyric is spoken most in brazil?
4 Where did Honecker rule ?
4 Where does tuberculosis come from ?
4 what landmass is driving the executive committee's mountain chain?
3 who won oscars for their role in gone with the wind and a streetcar called desire?
5 What is the average life expectancy of a male in Ireland in 1996 ?
3 what was the christian name of the claim character in our miss brooks?
1 which literary classic focuses on the activity for a treasure in gold worth 7,0 pounds?
1 what's the direction for eggs benedict?
3 which author of the "days of our lives cookbook" participated in the "days of our lives" in 198's as liz chandler?
3 what's the best internet store you can go to?
1 What two animals are specifically mentioned as being in Noah 's Ark ?
0 What is chromatology ?
3 which actor came to dinner at guess who's coming to dinner?
0 what caused the lynmouth geological phenomenon?
2 what does the abbreviation hundredweight do? nope.
5 How many hours of work does it take a typist to complete a 100-page screenplay ?
3 which jewel manufacturer controls about 80% of the world's jewels?
3 Who said : `` The victor will never be asked if he told the truth '' ?
5 what does an average day care person pay in new england?
1 what does a farrier clothing shoes?
1 for what product did lee marvin win the 1965 -best actor oscar?
3 which president became chief justice after his tenure?
3 which corporate executive was assassinated by charles j. guiteau?
5 what are the dimensions of an ice hockey finish?
3 what professional sports league triggered the body project?
0 what is the evidence that domestic plants metabolize substance?
5 what's the power of the shuttle supporter?
1 what were the attempt that followed world war ii called?
5 When was Florida admitted into the Union ?
1 name one of the seven wonders of ancientness.
5 how many celestial body are there in big dipper?
1 which side of the side do most artists prefer to show in self -portraits?
0 What is the difference between microprocessors & microcontrollers ?
0 What is the nature of snow and how is the formation of snow different from that of ice ?
4 where are large teaching materials for parents and educator?
1 what metric linear unit did shakespeare write: ``to be oderto be, that is the question..''''?
0 what is the fib of hot wheels cars and how are they produced?
4 What planet did Percival Lovell discover ?
1 what sexual activity is twice as likely to get leprosy?
3 who portrayed carl bernstein in all the president's men?
3 what was the natural object's largest department store called?
4 which u.s. administrative district has sagebrush as its administrative district flower?
4 what are the five best oil -producing countries in the natural object?
1 what is an example of a natural acid floor indicator?
4 What U.S. state is Dixville Notch in ?
3 who was the architect of central park?
3 who were yankee's frequent military unit?
0 how can i find a list of celebrities' real name?
1 what was the killer giant that died of a fungal infection called sea world?
3 which oil company has almost chosen a language unit that means "closed car" in japanese as its new international name?
1 in which tennessee williams plays, is one of the imaginary being killed and devoured by a gang of starving children?
3 who invented the traffic artifact?
1 what meat added sweet root vegetable and peas to the first tv dinner?
1 What is the name given to a group of geese ?
4 which countries do not have politics income tax?
3 Which organization is the Security Council a part of ?
0 What do the 12 days of Christmas mean ?
3 who was the first golfer to make a million monetary unit?
0 what are crocodile?
5 what are the three winter month in the southern hemisphere?
3 which u.s. president had a male sibling -in -law in the confederate army?
3 What college enlivens Hanover , New Hampshire ?
5 what percentage of silver production is carried out by independent silver plant?
5 how many multitude lived in nebraska in the middle of the 1900s?
1 What is the Jewish bible called ?
0 what happens to the female body with lack of sleep and substance?
1 what song did patti page let multitude dance to in the 1950s?
4 what is the second highest natural elevation in the world?
3 What was the business of the animated Sky Hawks ?
5 what case did emperor hirohito die?
4 Where do the adventures of `` The Swiss Family Robinson '' take place ?
3 who was the first coach of the cleveland browns?
1 name the only trio of classical greek pieces received.
0 how would causal agent become an organ donor?
1 what kind of cooking oil has "corn whiskey goodness"?
3 what store claims to be the largest division store in the world?
5 when was china's first nuclear examination?
1 what happens after change?
0 how can i find out my rhythm method of birth control?
4 what's the tallest structure in new york city?
0 how does a bow come about?
1 stuart hammlen is considered the first tattle cowboy of what medium?
3 who is the worst president of the united states of the united states?
3 what was the language unit of the leslie hornby model?
3 which japanese car manufacturer had the largest share of domestic gross sales?
2 what is confusion?
3 what robust u.s. president imported his own teacher after watching a martial art match?
1 what are two plants that make clothing?
1 what impenetrable arrangement of french fortifications was built along the german border before the second world war?
1 what kind of cooking oil has "cereal goodness"?
4 in which london depository is a chamber of horror?
4 Where is the Smithsonian Institute located ?
3 what south african producer made a 1988 net income of $836 million?
3 which performer and actress has made the most movies?
5 what is the price for aaa liability indemnity?
1 what is the name of the 19th century, when british force were killed over three unarmed indian demonstrators?
0 what is the point of the term "blue moon", and how often do they occur?
0 what is the content of prison term 98?
3 What title does comedian Henry Youngman claim ?
3 What Russian composer 's Prelude in C Sharp Minor brought him fame and fortune ?
0 how can i easily remove red alcohol stains from t -shirts?
4 What planet gave bith to Superman ?
1 what product on the activity is good to hide facial scars?
3 which diarist is in and around walden puddle?
4 which political unit was erich honecker the leader of?
4 where can i find message about bob barr, a representative from georgia?
1 What substance did Joseph Priestley name for its ability to erase pencil marks ?
5 what mark decorates the black label of a bottle of jack daniel's?
4 where did gulliver find a breed of little group?
3 Who does the voices of the Simpsons ?
3 who built the first plane?
0 what's the california administrative district motto?
3 who knew he'd never see a poem as beautiful as a tree?
3 which 4 -foot -9 actress in 1984 became the first actress to win an oscar for playing a character of the other bodily process?
5 how many people lived in nebraska in the area of the 1900s?
3 which diamond manufacturer controls about 80% of the natural object's diamonds?
5 How big is the largest diamond ?
3 Which company created the Internet browser Mosaic ?
0 What is Black Hills , South Dakota most famous for ?
4 where is the structure over the river kwai?
3 who was the generator of john brown's body?
1 what does a risen one purchase?
1 what movie dramatized scope's monkey procedure?
5 how many time of life do fossils form?
0 Why were people recruited for the Vietnam War ?
5 how many residence runs has babe ruth hit in his life?
5 How many emperors were there in the Roman Empire ?
1 what does the playboy call his "ongoing dialogue on current message between playboy and his readers"?
0 how is a hydrogen turkey different from a nuclear turkey?
1 what did martin luther post on the religion door in wittenberg?
1 what kind of cigarette is a whole new natural object?
3 Who portrayed Fatman in the television show , `` Jake and the Fatman '' ?
4 In 139 the papal court was forced to move from Rome to where ?
3 Who seized power from Milton Obote in 1971 ?
4 which political unit has most cars per mile of road?
4 which island abstraction is guadalcanal part of?
4 which u.s. country is last on an alphabetical list?
4 which political unit was the backdrop of you only live two?
1 What is the only vegetable that starts with `` z '' ?
1 what sport is played on the biggest discipline?
3 What doctor claimed in a 1946 book : `` There is no such thing as a bad boy '' ?
0 What is the origin of the city `` Corpus Christi '' ?
0 what are christopher marlowe's and shakespeare's literary contributions to english writing?
1 what was the name of hitler's unsuccessful attempt to overthrow the bavarian polity in munich in the 1920s?
3 What former president 's daughter has written a book titled Murder in the White House ?
0 how do i know the exact time of sunset for a particular time unit?
0 Define Sinn Fein .
5 how many somatic cell are in the human brain?
4 where does the us get most of its physical phenomenon?
5 how many black force served in the vietnam war?
1 what anaesthesia has queen victoria allowed to give birth to her seventh juvenile in 1853?
3 Who is Snoopy 's arch-enemy ?
4 What is the leading pecan and peanut growing state ?
0 what is the origin of the word "supernaturalism"?
3 what's the language unit of the president of garmat u.s.a.?
4 what are the biggest plant in the world?
1 what is the human body of the spine of a camel?
3 What South African producer had a 1988 profit of $836 million ?
0 What is the origin of infinity ?
3 who retired with 755 home score?
5 what's the first sidereal day of the week?
1 What was Paul Bunyan 's ox 's name ?
1 what kind of solid exist?
1 what instrument fires a bolt?
3 who portrayed maggio in the film from here to eternity?
0 how do you write mla style bibliographies for an internet source?
3 who invented that stupid young mammal?
3 what's the language unit of miss india 1994?
0 how do i get a complete list of all the people living under the last language unit kilvington?
4 What were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ?
3 who directed citizen kane?
5 how many of the nation's child between the age of two and eleven "the simpsons"?
3 What feminist wrote Sexual Politics and Flying ?
1 what material is the closest to the staff flying the flag of belgium?
1 what is the right way to install a roll of toilet newspaper?
3 who did the seven mules artifact for?
0 how do i get a complete list of all the group living under the last name kilvington?
2 what is the full language unit of the plo?
3 who makes the car artillery ``die hard'?
3 who owns the right to a tv program?
4 which das kapital is tirana?
5 how many housing are equal to a pound?
1 what meter has clinton taken to avoid the draft?
0 what causes panic fire?
1 what is a simple way to count the approximate amount of fish in a lake?
3 you're naming a south african jewel producer?
3 Who followed Willy Brandt as chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany ?
3 who was the religious from the 15th? a century that gained control of florence and was burned at the stake?
3 the name of the dame for whom the great gatsby pines is?
0 how does the food colour affect your sensation?
0 What are boxcars ?
1 what do you call one relation of the finger from one joint to the other?
0 describe the finnish music attribute salonen's performance.
3 what do you call someone who likes happening?
3 what hit musical composition inspired the dolly parton stallone movie rhinstone?
0 what is the lineage of the word marijuana?
3 who's the richest adult in the world?
4 Where is the Bulls basketball team based ?
3 which writer is known to place himself physically at the centre of his discipline?
1 What is a fear of sleep ?
3 Who painted Mother and Child ?
4 Where did the real St. Nicholas live ?
0 how can i get my merchandise licensed from the nba?
3 name a canine cartoon character except huckleberry hound to have a voice of daws butler.
0 what is the child's song rock -a -by baby about?
5 how long should you wash your hired hand before you're clean?
3 what tv family sometimes buys eclairs from nelson's bakery?
3 who is the director of the international group called the human genome organization (hugo), which wants to coordinate gene function research worldwide?
0 What do bee hives do in cranberry bogs ?
3 Who did Sonny Liston succeed as world heavyweight boxing champion ?
1 What 's the symbol for the zodiacal sign Gemini ?
4 which municipality was the backdrop for the music man?
5 What 's men 's par on a 455-yard golf hole ?
0 how do you write a correct critical investigation of a poem?
3 who invented the capital broker in 1870's?
1 What is a fear of women ?
3 which actor learned to play saxophone and speak russian for a duty in a movie?
1 What operating system do IBM-compatible machines use ?
3 what's the best body in the country?
0 what's the savoir-faire, nautical?
4 which das kapital is the tallest?
4 What are the biggest Indian airports ?
0 What is the history of the soft drink Mr. Pibb ?
4 where is eli lilly's office?
5 How many member states are in the UN ?
1 What overalls are named for Dungri , a suburb of Bombay ?
2 what is the abbreviated word used for the national bureau of investigation?
1 what was tom wolfe's favorite diversion of the pump house gang?
5 what is the act of students at the university of massachusetts in amherst?
4 where are large teaching materials for genitor and teachers?
5 When were fish first believed to be found on earth ?
4 which design contains the castor and pollux twins?
5 of children between the historic period of two and eleven, what percenthistoric period watch ``the simpsons''?
3 Who founded the People 's Temple Commune ?
3 who invented the can start?
4 What country will hit the year 2 first ?
1 what is the complete categorization of a female bug?
4 what is the most useful leaf on the internet?
3 which actor in a day at the races said, "either he's dead, or my lookout has stopped"?
3 what's the name of the actress world health organization appeared in the movie "silence of the lambs"?
1 what andiron was called "the mortgage lifter"?
1 what device offered a new room to listen to music in 1963?
1 in what 1965 product did jack lemmon play a cartoonist?
1 what do i call the sons and female offspring of my first cousins?
4 where are the leading medical group specialising in lung diseases?
2 what is a "usb" port on a calculator?
3 what was the name of the first russian astronaut to take a attribute walk?
5 What brand number graces the black label of a bottle of Jack Daniel 's ?
3 who said, "what despicable villain stole the cork from my meal?"
1 which animal can live longest without food?
5 how much coca cola is drunk in one day?
1 what sport is known for bully?
1 what film did shirley maclaine entertainment as a prostitute and jack lemmon as a pimp?
1 what does final four average in the sports world?
3 Who is Peter Weir ?
0 what is the lineage of the sugar cane at christmas?
5 how many centimeters away are jewelry in the cone next to each other?
3 who is the son -in -law of sen everett dirkson, who was also a senator of the 70s?
5 how many pitchers occupy the shelf next to the kneeling adult in edgar degas 1886 paintings the tub?
3 who was the author of the book on computer hacker called ``the egg of cock': a spy through the labyrinth of computer spying''?
3 what mysterious u.s. vice president was once accused of treason and acquitted in a conspiracy to build his own independent domain in the west?
3 who wrote much ado about nothing?
5 what does an average day care worker regular payment in new england?
1 what is the medical circumstance in which a baby without a brain is born?
4 where is the placement of the orange bowl?
1 What is the name of the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross ?
3 what was mao, the chinese leader, full language unit?
0 what is the children's musical composition rock -a -by baby about?
0 what is the point of thanksgiving?
3 What actor , who had greatest fame on TV , became the father of triplets ?
5 when was child parturiency abolished?
0 what was the fame of the contact sport game, the fordham waynesburg state 12601 in september 3, 1939?
5 how many miles of blood vessel are in circulation?
3 rotary motor motor vehicle were manufactured by what company?
1 what impenetrable instrumentality of french fortifications was built along the german border before the second world war?
1 what kind of giant is the giant in the movie "jaws"?
5 how long does it take for light to reach earth?
3 which major airline has the best safety evidence in the world?
1 What was the name of the U.S. 's first manned space program ?
3 what motor hotel describes bob woodward in the brothers?
3 world health organization was the mother of the man world health organization would not be king, the duke of windsor?
1 what semblance is the strip on each side of a coho salmon?
1 what household contains a flute game equipment, a game equipment cock and an overflow pipe?
1 What film was Jude Law in ?
1 what's a concern of stabbing?
5 how much does it cost to produce and send junk mail list on average or whatever is available in the usa? dt cd nn nn
0 What is a dental root canal ?
3 can you name a ballet institution mikhail baryshnikov danced for?
3 which mexican person was shot in 19203?
0 how do you write mla style list for an internet source?
5 when was the last case the vesuvius broke out?
0 what are the agent leading to the high teenage pregnancy rate in spartanburg, south carolina?
1 what sport is played on the biggest tract?
4 which eastern state has grown the first commercial nuclear quality plant in the united states?
4 Where can I find the best free evidence for debate about Russia ?
0 what's a wet imagination?
0 what is a scientist?
4 Where is the bridge over the river Kwai ?
5 what is the physical property of the air?
3 Name the Ranger who was always after Yogi Bear .
4 what municipality boasts penn's landing on the banks of delaware?
5 How many flavors does Baskin & Robbins offer ?
3 who makes the "cross your heart" brassiere?
1 What is the most efficient way to start a barbeque ?
1 name the two mystical raven odin has at his command.
1 What terror of the sea did Johnny Horton sing about ?
3 what heart of the president should haunt the white house?
0 how do machine recognize if your dollar is one or five?
3 who invented the kitchen appliance?
3 do you call the ship's company that used the line ```even your best friend will not say ``in his ad'?
4 which state has the most dams?
0 how do ouija circuit board work?
3 which lawyer work for the center for the defense of free enterprise?
1 what semblance haven't the ancient romans eaten?
4 in which london museum is a chamber of fear?
4 which royal sign of the zodiac is bourbon parma?
3 name the different super teams the saint was part of.
4 what is the largest city in the worldly concern?
0 how do physical phenomenon form?
5 what's the average weight for a world?
1 what are some science projects for eighth grader?
0 What is a Canada two-penny black ?
3 who domesticated the turkey?
3 what family star made their 2nd century fox debut at the virgin queen?
3 who claims to be the most evolved adult in the world?
3 who's the expert in the rental car?
0 why is the universe flat, if it started with an explosion, shouldn't it be a bullet train?
0 What is the `` Global Economy '' ?
3 what's the name of the inventor of the stupid case?
0 where did the wedding affair come from?
1 what international amateur sports spectacle was broadcast for the first case in 1956?
4 where does barney rubble go to work after dropping fred off in the "flintstones" cartoon series?
0 what is the origin of feast day?
5 how many work time does it take for a writer to produce a 100 -page script?
4 what are the three largest oceans in the natural object by size?
4 what london thoroughfare claims to be the world center for men's tailoring?
1 what organic substance do the moors use to cut a slane?
3 who made the musical argument "true to your school"?
4 What country has problems with hooligans ?
0 how do i make fuel stones out of recycled material?
0 why are leo called "king of the jungle"?
1 What can I use to remove the stubborn gummed labels from some diskettes ?
1 What children 's tale contains the line : `` Come , Cinderslut , and hold this skein of wool for me '' ?
1 what maneuver has clinton taken to avoid the draft?
0 why did european colonial concept only spread after the first and second industrial revolutions?
0 What is a nematode ?
5 How many members of a family could be drafted in the U.S. military during World War II ?
4 Name the country of giants twelve times the size of man in `` Gulliver 's Travels . ''
3 who is the president of ghana?
1 What would you add to the clay mixture to produce bone china ?
1 what is the best -selling computer exemplar ever?
0 what is the difference between molecule and compounds?
0 What is a stratocaster ?
3 who created harry lime?
4 what is the only eastern european country not bound by the ruble?
4 which hotel in las vegas burned in november, 1980's, with the loss of 84 being?
0 What is the proof that houseplants metabolize carcinogens ?
3 what are arnold palmer's fans' defamation?
4 What country contains the highest point in South America ?
0 how can people from ireland come to the us, activity and then return to ireland?
3 which u.s. air force general led the first turkey attack on tokyo?
3 who lives on 24 -sussex drive, ottawa?
0 what's conspicuous about the infantry?
3 what argentinean combatant was shot in may outside a brothel in nevada?
0 how do you deal with a hungry adult?
1 what's the name of the low pressure swath around the equator?
5 how many athletes have puerto rico included in the 1984 season games?
4 What is the tallest mountain ?
3 who donated the toys to the doodyville orphanage fund and kept them for themselves?
0 what is the lineage of gametophytic tissue?
1 what has san francisco's milt harper grown that measures 24 -inch customs from the peak to the peak in 1974?
1 which leg does a feline move with its left front leg when walking, its left hind leg or its right hind leg?
3 which of the following person is not associated with andy warhol?
1 what hermann hesse's book gave his name to a rock dance band?
3 which french person sold louisiana to the united states?
5 how many people are bigger than seven meter?
1 what album did the beatles put on the covering of time in 1967?
5 how many motor does a boeing 737 have?
3 who's ishmael in moby dick?
1 what european race sees the winner of the natural elevation stage with a shirt with big red points?
0 how do i impress a man?
4 where's your capital callosum?
0 what is habeas principal?
3 what multi -talented academy award -winning film director missed a college course in film production?
3 who is the leading competitor of trans union company?
5 how many corners does a fore-and-aft sail have?
1 what is a outdoor game ball made of?
3 who became admiral of the seas and viceroy and governor -general of all the island he could discover, and also received ten? of all the profits of his journey.
1 what is the word for broken field glass or sharp stones embedded in cement on a wall?
4 what are the four largest natural elevation ranges on the asian continent?
3 what baseball star topology turned down a $1,000 -year contract because he didn't think he deserved it?
3 who portrayed w.c. fields in the product w.c. fields and me?
4 where can i find a lesson plan for teaching metric system conversion to american system of measurement?
1 what british television serial did emma peel contain?
1 What are the two languages of Malta ?
1 What TV game show once saw a contestant admit to picking his toes in the shower ?
3 what tv character did a horse named thunder breed?
5 what is the biography span of the average monkey?
1 What is the collective noun for geese ?
3 what was the name of the american folk leader john chapman?
1 In what war was the first submarine used ?
0 what is a gas merchandise?
5 how many super bowls have the players won?
4 What 's the only East european country not tied to the ruble ?
3 what famous food company went out of business because it became known that the underworld sold them kangaroo food?
4 what's the name of the highest batch in africa?
4 which administrative district has most indians?
1 what brand of white liquor is still produced in cuba?
1 what did the basketball player -looking simon brothers bakery in chicago put in bagels to boost business?
5 What is the size of Argentina ?
0 what is the point of the music?
3 who is section manager for control and control systems at jpl?
5 how many inches above six infantry is tom selleck?
3 which painter popularized brillo's soup container and soap boxes?
3 who was the monk from the 15th? a century that gained control of florence and was burned at the share?
5 how many administrative district did richard nixon have in 1972?
5 how many rings are there on a five -zone archery reference point?
5 what are bottle caps with presidents' mental picture inside?
0 what is the lineage and meaning of the name, ````hajo?''
3 What Green Bay Packers coach philosophized : `` There 's nothing that stokes the fire like hate '' ?
5 what percentage of the body is contractile organ?
0 what according to kinsey institute is the sexual preference of four percent of american force?
1 what semblance are seven out of ten houses in the united states?
1 what category of rocket launched the surveyor spaceship?
1 what are some end for building a fire in the fireplace?
4 what are the defamation of all the seas in the world and in what ocean do they flow?
1 What kind of rocket launched the Surveyor spacecraft ?
1 What was Dwight Eisenhower 's favorite card game ?
0 what is a secretion?
3 which record ship's company produced the 1978 movie the wiz?
4 what are the names of the tourist attractions in reims?
1 what can communication satellites offer vessel?
1 what organism are buffalo wings from?
5 how often is the statue of liberty bigger than biography?
0 what effect does a prism have on the luminosity?
0 What are dingoes ?
5 how many "no" answer were the what's my line? permission?
4 which countries earn the most from commercial enterprise?
1 what commerce did portuguese expect in the 15th and 16th century? between asia and europe?
3 which glamorous actress is a close ally of dick tracy's?
5 what is the population of the largest chilean municipality
3 which british pop star of the 1960s and early 1970s was a juvenile actress in the 1940s and 50s?
0 what caused harry houdini's change?
1 what category of suit was the real hepcats wearing in 1942?
5 what are the state statistics for the 1965s and 1990s?
0 how can i find a database of celebrities' real names?
1 what was the language unit of the food of the greek gods?
5 how long have shea and gould practiced jurisprudence in los angeles?
3 which hungarian cardinal was first a prisoner of country and then a refugee in the u.s. embassy 1956 to 1971?
4 what is the language unit of the gap between sweden and finland?
4 where can i find matter for r &b?
0 What is software piracy ?
3 what is the most common nickname of the u.s. college football team?
5 What 's the maximum length , in inches , of a first baseman 's glove ?
4 Where is the Valley of the Kings ?
0 how do doctors diagnose connective tissue cancer?
3 what mysterious u.s. vice corporate executive was once accused of treason and acquitted in a conspiracy to build his own independent empire in the west?
2 what does r.e.m. stand for the rock abstraction r.e.m.?
4 what's the name of the satellite the ewoks live on?
4 which two japanese cities are written with the letters k, o, t and y?
1 What dog was dubbed The Mortgage Lifter ?
1 What chess outcome results when a player has no legal move ?
0 why aren't many indian enrollee in college?
4 name the land of giants twelve times the size of adult in gulliver's travels.''
1 what field sport does the medical practitioner william beers have a standard book of rules for?
5 What is the per-capita income of Colombia , South America , ?
5 how many real fruit juice are there in a can of hawaiian punch?
3 What 1920s cowboy star rode Tony the Wonder Horse ?
3 what's the name of the cop who tried to keep orderliness in top cat's neighborhood?
3 Who developed potlatch ?
3 what is japan's largest cable car manufacturer?
1 what color is the articulatortick on the wax articulator of boy george in the london madame tussaud?
5 what are the average hours per calendar month spent by aol users online?
1 What is the most popular sports car color ?
4 which political unit has the best defensive position in the board game diplomacy?
2 what is the acronym for the atmosphere conditioning efficiency rating system?
1 what do sphenisciform seabird eat?
3 who gave abbie hoffman his first dose of lsd?
3 Who was the Columbia Pictures head who forged actor Cliff Robertson 's name on a $1 , 000 check ?
5 how many meters in a linear unit?
2 what do the letters zip in the sentence "zip code" mean?
3 what is the oldest occupational group?
5 how many group in the world speak french?
4 What bordering country is due north of Costa Rica ?
5 How often are brain cells replaced ?
0 what is the recommended daily requirement for folic compound for pregnant women?
5 when does wee willie winkie run through municipality?
3 who published the internet worm in the late 1980s?
1 what is a concern of crystals or glass?
5 how many muscles does the average adult activity to walk?
5 What year did Rossetti paint `` Beata Beatrix '' ?
4 where does the bible say about the male sibling and sisters of jesus christ?
4 Where 's Montenegro ?
1 what does a alcoholic want?
3 who was the author of the famous fagot tale ``snow white and seven dwarfs''?
0 what is the point of the word'teddy bear'?
1 What sport was the first televised in the U.S. ?
1 what is the organisational structure of the airfield new delhi indira gandhi?
1 what's the language unit of the michelangelo painting that shows two hands touching?
1 what category of snail is a snail?
4 where did bill gates go to body?
1 what prevents salk immunogen?
0 what was the dead world's hand?
4 where can i find message about the philippines?
5 What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England ?
0 what is a greater omentum?
3 Name the two blob members of the animated Herculoids .
3 Who runs Andy Capp 's favorite pub ?
1 What are the most albums sold by one artist or band ?
1 in what war were there military action at papagei's beak and black virgin?
5 what is the youngest age that a boy or daughter can have an orgasm?
0 what phenomenon does a prism have on the light?
3 What is the name of the deranged super-criminal Otto Octavius uses ?
3 which player sits on average three time period during a double head baseball?
3 what company has built more than 2.5 billion small green building since the 1935's?
3 Who died 1 feet from where John F. Kennedy did ?
3 Name a canine cartoon character other than Huckleberry Hound to have a voice by Daws Butler .
5 what percentage of american world are alcoholics?
3 which german president was under physical phenomenon to appoint hitler chancellor in the 1933s?
1 what kind of soft swallow held a national taste coil in 1967?
0 Why does a candle need a wick ?
3 what's the name of the cop United Nations agency tried to keep order in top cat's neighborhood?
0 what is the definition of a waterfall?
1 in which film or in which product did jude law appear?
0 What is Candlemas Day ?
3 who created scrooge's fictional character?
1 what movie had caused bette davis a scandal by wearing a daring red woman's clothing to a social ball?
3 who delivered his latest news on march 6, 1981?
5 What year was the Avery Dennison company founded ?
5 when's the jimmy buffett concert coming to the e -center in camden nj?
0 What was a Mae West on a World War II battleship ?
3 which baseball unit owner and sailor is known as the mouth of the south?
3 what is nicholas cage's occupational group?
3 who collects collection in tourism?
0 what is a maker?
3 who created the monster in mary shelley's novel frankenstein?
5 how many relish does baskin &robbins offer?
1 Aspartame is known by what other name ?
3 What basketball player is credited with 23 , 924 rebounds ?
0 Why do we call someone `` honey '' ?
3 What Dynasty star made her 2th Century-Fox debut in The Virgin Queen ?
3 who's the actress bette davis who once said she wished she looked like that?
3 who owns the rights to a tv idea?
1 what is the component on the letter i mentioned?
3 Who is Zebulon Pike ?
0 what is the origin of the christmas woody plant?
1 name the french historical menstruation during the reign of napoleon iii.
3 who gave captain britannia great power?
4 which municipality is the headquarters of sinn fein?
4 What is the name of the country which Hitler ruled ?
5 how many url propagation are there? and what are they?
1 madonna advertises for what soft helping?
3 which heavyweight packer was known as the wild bull of the pampas?
1 what is a term for demeanor, appearance or expression that violates accepted standards of sexual morality?
3 who invented television?
3 who was the author of the fiction "far from the madding crowd"?
3 what's the singer madonna's real language unit?
4 Where is Belize located ?
4 What cathedral was Thomas Becket murdered in ?
1 what hair care merchandise told us, "hate the gray, wash it away."
5 how many small enterprise are there in the united states?
5 when's the jimmy buffett concert coming to the e -center in camden nj?
0 what was the reason for the army unit of the anglican and vatican churches?
5 How much money are Dumbo 's ears insured for ?
3 What high school does Archie attend ?
3 what's supergirl's secret personality?
3 who became the nickname "the little corporal"?
5 what are the chance of pregnancy if the penis does not enter the vagina?
1 What Sinatra hit did he dooby dooby do in ?
0 how do stalk come out?
3 who was the columbia pictures question who forged the name of the actor cliff robertson on a $1.000 check?
5 how many years make a radiance?
4 which state has problems with hooligans?
3 who portrayed the cowardly leo in the wizard of oz?
1 what kind of organism are dorsets, lincoln's, oxfords and southdowns?
5 How many stations do you shoot from in the basketball game `` Around the World '' ?
5 how many south american countries have the document z in their names?
0 what happens when lightning strikes a body of binary compound?
3 who's the fastest swimmer in the worldly concern?
1 What is November 's birthstone ?
3 What is the best college in the country ?
1 What is a fear of night or darkness ?
3 What English queen had six fingers on one hand ?
0 why did some san diego schools stop serving apple?
5 where is the us among the political unit of the world in the region?
5 where is the us among the political unit of the world in the region?
3 who's mia farrow with her parent?
3 who was gerald ford with the vice president?
4 which two cities typically mark the extremes of the sleeve duct?
1 what soft drink not only has its own video activity, but has also been introduced in its own marvel comic?
5 When was Franklin D. Roosevelt stricken with polio ?
1 What is state tree of Nebraska ?
3 who were the four famous founders of united artists?
3 what artist died on the marquesas islands?
0 what is an arab swath?
0 how successful is therapy?
3 What was the Christian name of the title character in Our Miss Brooks ?
5 how many people die of tuberculosis every time period?
0 what is limbo?
1 What is the full classification of a lady bug ?
5 How many chairs are shown in Vincent Van Gogh 's 188 work The Artist 's Room in Arles ?
0 what is the economic shock of unemployment on the economy?
3 who was the first jockey to ride two triple crown winners?
1 what enthusiastic taste buds first... snickers or three musketeers?
5 in what year did thatcher gain quality?
0 why is the moon in different sizes and semblance?
5 how many calories are there in a glass of water system?
1 what semblance is the closest to the staff flying the flag of belgium?
0 why is the population flat, if it started with an explosion, shouldn't it be a bullet?
1 what film did shirley maclaine show as a woman and jack lemmon as a pimp?
5 when was the right field of women to vote ratified?
3 Whom did the Chicago Bulls beat in the 1993 championship ?
1 what kind of reproductive structure is a yellow transparent?
1 which operating instrumentality is available on most computers?
1 what is the prevailing color of the tab description?
5 what part of a fur's life is spent swimming?
4 what body of water surrounds the maldives?
3 who said, "old enlisted person never die; they just fade away"?
4 in what state was the first monoxide -education school founded?
3 who was the only person convicted of my lai massacre?
3 who was the girl in peter sellers' soup?
3 what was darth vader's male offspring's name?
0 why are there no white channel on pro football?
0 what is the origin of the word ``cognition''?
0 How do you make the color purple ?
0 how can scientists predict the atmospheric phenomenon by observing clouds?
4 which political unit have the most car thefts?
0 what is the difference between tft and dual -scan demonstration?
4 which country imposed the berlin military action in 1948?
4 Where can you find the Venus flytrap ?
3 what was the title of schewardnadze during the soviet earned run average?
1 What are the four natural aids used in riding a horse ?
1 what were the defamation of the three ships used by columbus?
1 What color are tennis balls ?
5 how much do agent cost to treat tuberculosis?
1 Which is a real berry : blackberry , cranberry , raspberry , strawberry ?
3 who invented basketball?
0 what are the speech to the cd eminem's, or slim shaded, ```` my name is'?
0 what is the deviation between a preface and a preface?
0 what causes mouth ulcer?
3 what mysterious communicator wrote ``the glory that was greece and the glory that was rome'?
5 how much would a black and white 1 -cent solid be worth, thomas jefferson?
5 how many super bowls have the musician won?
5 How many miles is it to Ohio from North Carolina ?
4 what is the das kapital of kosovo?
3 what are the five most popular usenet group?
3 What mayor made so many TV appearances he was asked to join AFTRA in 1984 ?
1 What is the best selling computer model ever ?
5 how fast does a spacecraft have to travel to escape earth's gravity?
5 how many rows of facial hair does a cat have?
3 what famous british actor lost his sound after an operation in 1966?
4 where can i find a large list of five to six letters speech?
5 how many thousands of enrollee attend the university of massachusetts?
3 What monarch signed the Magna Carta ?
5 how many americans own their sign of the zodiac?
0 where did the indian dish come from?
0 how can you tell if a adult had intercourse?
5 when do gothic creation and architecture thrive?
3 Who does the advertizing for Frito-Lay ?
3 name's randy craft's professional.
3 name's dick tracy's two child.
1 what nonaccomplishment has the irish famine caused?
5 what day of the week sees the deadliest cable car accidents?
0 What is the definition of cosmology ?
4 which u.s. state has the lowest height at six vertebrate foot?
0 what is the difference between molecules and compound?
5 how long do hermit pediculosis live?
3 who are the hottest adult in the world?
4 what circumstance does martha stewart live in?
3 what little american gymnast stole the entertainment at the 1984 olympics?
1 what format was the main business relation of vhs?
5 how long does it take to hike the entire appalachian trail?
5 How many Superbowls have the ers won ?
5 how many group are bigger than seven meters?
1 What film marked Robert Redford 's directorial debut ?
3 who said, "soldiers win the battles and generals get the honor?"
5 How many varieties of apple are there ?
3 What dumb-but-loveable character did Maurice Gosfield play on The Phil Silvers Show ?
4 Where can I find the history of the Hungarian language ?
3 who played the father on "charles in attack"?
5 how much did a mcdonald's hamburger outgo in 1963?
0 why does e seem to turn in wheel, e.g. in motor vehicle tyre, in the opposite direction when it slows down?
1 what is the term for the slope of the mountain facing the prevailing winds?
4 which u.s. country is mammoth cave national park in?
5 how many rows of rite holes has a function of 35 -millimeter film?
3 who killed more group, hitler or stalin?
3 which former ku klux klan penis has won an elected office in the united states?
1 in what publication can i find the story of aladdin?
1 what medium is hammlen the first singing ranch hand in?
0 why would you lay foodstuff at the small end?
1 what are beast habits?
4 Where is the oldest living thing on earth ?
4 where can i find a website that gives comparison of good prices?
5 How many boys play the game in Winslow Homer 's 1872 painting Snap the Whip ?
4 which municipality is often called the insurance capital of the world?
1 what was the name of robert fulton's most famous clam?
3 who founded the modern hypothesis of probability?
3 what was eduard schevardnadze's activity in the soviet union?
3 what is the full name of the man world health organization invented the colourful dice that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations?
1 what is the term for a stake before cards are dealt?
0 what is the difference between classical conditioning and function conditioning?
4 What is the Homelite Inc. home page ?
3 who said everything in ball four?
5 how much barren does an average dairy cow produce in one day?
5 what was the average biography expectancy during the stone age?
0 how do you build a solar car for a high school scientific research?
5 How many queen bees reign in a hive ?
3 which autobiography of the actor is shelley: also known as shirley?
4 where can i find chemical businessperson on the internet?
0 what's the quality between erle stanley gardner's case of the frightened typhoon?
1 what activity can garry kasparov really do well?
5 How wide is the Atlantic Ocean ?
3 who played the claim role in the romantic english?
0 what is the highest roman act?
3 Who was Red Grange ?
4 what are the top five tallest structure in the world?
1 what can i use to remove the stubborn latex labels from some disks?
5 how much did the first barbie doll sale in 1959?
3 who donated the toys to the doodyville orphanage fund and kept them for themselves?
3 what "great" baseball player is now a spokesperson for a beer institution?
2 what does nn o mean when used as a affix in irish surnames?
4 What is the largest city on the Great Lakes ?
3 which of the following tv news was a rhodes scholar?
1 what alloys are copper and canister?
3 what company only markets "shampoo" for brunet?
3 who portrayed prewett in from here to eternity?
0 what's the difference between haircloth and fur?
5 how many litres of whole milk does it take to make a avoirdupois unit of butter?
1 what's the traditional swallow in the kentucky derby?
0 how close was a relative franklin d. to theodore roosevelt?
3 who portrayed the faceless man in the film of the same name?
5 how much stronger is the new glass -shaped carbon paper material invented by the tokyo institute of technology compared to the cellulose material?
4 Where did the sport of caber-tossing originate ?
3 what english queen had six finger on one hand?
5 what percentage of all natural object tornadoes will land in the us?
1 what was mel gibson's first product?
1 what hair work product told us, "hate the gray, wash it away."
5 How fast do cheetahs run ?
5 How many children under 18 are victims of some sort of Physical Abuse each year ?
0 how does the elongated man know there's a mystery going on?
0 what is the meaning of the latin military action cry: ad arma, ad arma.
0 how can people from ireland come to the us, employment and then return to ireland?
4 what circumstance is mount mckinley in?
3 which nobel prize contestant was expelled from the philippines before the east timor conference?
3 What U.S. general died December 1 , 1945 , when his jeep collided with a truck ?
4 which u.s. country ends with a g?
5 what class was avery dennison's company founded?
0 Why do you say `` God bless you '' when people sneeze ?
1 what triple crown winner took the 1973 belmont stakes by 31 distance?
0 what are maid ritual?
0 how can i find my moon sign of the zodiac?
1 wheaddress kind of headdress does bat masterson wear?
1 what quality has the silk -boron -mat lost by domestication?
0 what is the lineage of middle eastern slang, ``you're damned'?
1 What class is categorized as the bourgeoisie ?
1 what food has marco polo imported into italy from the motor hotel kubla khan?
3 who is the God of the muppets?
1 what relation of the raccoon is sometimes known as a cat carnivore?
4 which u.s. administrative district registers the smallest rainfall?
3 who was the only causal agent convicted of my lai massacre?
3 who was the president of the united states of vichy france?
0 How do you determine heating requirements for your home ?
4 what is the name of the sea cruise at the southern peak of south america?
5 in what year was the first cable car manufactured?
3 What was Mao , the Chinese leader 's , full name ?
3 who was the mother of the world who would not be king, the duke of windsor?
3 What multitalented Academy-award-winning director failed a college course in motion-picture production ?
0 how do you get a broken cork out of a vessel?
0 what class is pink in the trivial pursuit baby boomer edition?
3 What is the world 's largest distilling company ?
4 where do i get a complete list of point in my area?
3 who said the only word in mel brooks's silent movie?
1 in what spice do the dutch dip their french fries?
5 What is the approximate weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole ?
4 what california biome is called high biome?
5 How far is London UK from California ?
5 What 's the population of Mississippi ?
3 who is the only president buried in washington
3 Which of the Seven Dwarfs comes first alphabetically ?
1 What was the food of the Greek gods called ?
3 who sang the song "hooked on a feeling" in the dancing baby episode of ally mcbeal?
4 jackson pollock is of what people?
1 what credit card does a centurion have on his external body part?
0 what facial function does walt disney sport s have that none of disney's employee are allowed?
4 which u.s. state has the lowest dimension at six feet?
4 In what city is the US Declaration of Independence located ?
3 who's johnny carson?
4 which country is the home of heineken brew?
4 where is the highest component in japan?
3 Who asked you to do the Loco-Motion with her in 1962 ?
0 what was the reason for the division of the anglican and vatican church?
0 How does the Nintendo `` Zapper '' work ?
0 what is a drive?
3 what was the name of football star topology elroy hirsch?
1 what was the 24 -disc john gabel entertainer the first information of, in the 1960s?
1 what are the ten infestation of egypt?
0 What is hypertext ?
0 what is the quality between neoclassical art and romance?
5 how many dairy product are there in france?
3 which artist produced primitives of rural new england life?
3 what are the name of richard nixon's two daughters?
0 what is a messenger?
5 how many name are there for eskimos?
0 what was a mae west on a world war ii warship?
1 what measures has clinton taken to avoid the negotiable instrument?
4 What city did the Mormons establish as their headquarters in 1847 ?
2 What does R.E.M. stand for , as in the rock group R.E.M. ?
4 what is the address of the head place of business of the government in rome, italy?
5 how many weapon are there on kenya's flag?
0 what does n est -ce pascal mean?
0 what are the words to the musical composition that sings "banana in pajamas"?
1 what is the most common joining in the world?
1 what are some science undertaking for eighth graders?
4 what is a political unit that starts with the letter x?
1 what does the engineering called cold fusion produce?
4 where was the first menagerie in the united states?
0 what nuclear activity takes place in an h -bomb?
0 how can i call a friend in another country if i don't know the electronic equipment number?
5 how will the california gas levy increase by 2000?
1 In what book can I find the story of Aladdin ?
1 what kind of discipline is cosmology?
2 What does the `` blue ribbon '' stand for ?
1 what color body covering can i use to cover something gray?
4 which building was built in 18.18 contains 327 -mile bookshelf?
5 what is the maximum act of clubs a golfer can use in one round?
3 what are the defamation of jacques cousteau's two sons?
3 who among the following celebrities doesn't paint as a pastime?
5 when did rokoko's graphic art and architecture develop?
5 what share of children between the age of two and eleven "the simpsons"?
4 which mountain extent is crossed by the highest railway in the world?
3 what famous communist person died in mexico city?
5 when's boxing sidereal day?
5 How many astronauts have been on the moon ?
4 where can i find all the data i need to know about the english civil war, 1642 -1649?
5 how many family associate could be enlisted in the u.s. military during world war ii?
3 what are the names of jacques cousteau's two son?
0 why did several san diego schools remove apples from the enrollee' menus?
3 whose binding is that of an employee of universal import and export?
3 what was the language unit of the confederate guerrilla group that jesse james and coleman younger rode with?
3 Who portrayed Carl Bernstein in All the President 's Men ?
3 who was the democratic candidate in the american presidential elections?
3 what president never held an elected agency until he was elected to the white house?
3 who made the first surfboard?
3 what did the american poet write:'good fences make good neighbor''?
5 what is the exchange rate for australian medium of exchange for american medium of exchange?
5 in what time period did germany sign its pact against the soviet union?
0 How is plastic made ?
4 what is the oldest website on the internet?
0 what causes a person to have sweaty hired hand and feet all the time?
5 how many canadians migrate every class?
3 what was the name of the musician who played at the eagles in super bowl xv?
4 where can i buy product online?
0 what according to kinsey institute is the sexual preference of four proportion of american men?
5 How many people hike ?
1 what are the signs of a state going into recession?
1 what are the ten epidemic disease of egypt?
1 what british broadcasting series inspired all in the family?
1 which of the many numbered instrumentality of scotch was best evaluated by an expert group in 1863?
1 what kind of woody plant decorates the flag of lebanon?
3 who won two amber medals at the olympics in calgary?
3 who invented the vacuum formulation?
1 in the novel by jules verne, scientists are held in the bomber nautilus?
0 What is probability theory ?
3 what generator landed a 468 -pound marlin without a belt in the early 1930s?
0 How can people from Ireland come to the U.S. , work , and then return to Ireland ?
1 what are the different types of dish?
5 how many component is a disc in the middle hole worth in crokinole?
1 what's the book by william styron about a black clergyman leading a slave uprising?
5 how many hectare in a mile?
3 What famous male vocalist has the same name as the composer of the opera Hansel and Gretel ?
4 which two japanese municipality are written with the letters k, o, t and y?
5 how many enlisted person died in world war ii?
5 How many sperm cells are in an average ejaculation ?
0 what are lizard?
1 what does final four mean in the mutant world?
3 what kind of doctor is synonymous with shoes and vertebrate foot care?
5 how many states have a "lemon law" for new car?
4 what is the assets of uruguay?
5 how many semblance are there in a rainbow?
0 what is a certified health professional midwife?
4 what is the second highest batch in the world?
1 what was the name of the computer in 2001: a space odyssey?
1 what is a fear of drift?
3 who is the leader of india?
3 what's the name of the baseball unit in pittsburgh?
0 what is an spiritual being?
4 which city is often called the security capital of the world?
0 what is the difference between a average and a average?
3 which international arrangement was founded by clara barton?
3 what boxer's being story is raging bull?
3 who was camp david named after?
0 what's the deviation between jazz and blues?
5 how much caffeine is in a 16 -ounce cup of chocolate?
0 how can i find a database of -, fax - and e -mail addresses for the massachusetts personnel department?
3 who was the first horde from person to person?
1 what was the first lifesaver preference?
5 how many hummingbird testis could fit into a ostrich egg?
1 what alloys are conductor and tin?
1 which language has the most speech?
3 name of the hero in ``scruples''?
1 what are the different type of plastic?
0 What is a specimen of basidiomycetes ?
4 where's the official zero of the sea horizontal surface?
3 who was with patricia hearst when she was kidnapped?
1 What rabbit got its name because its ears resembled those of a jackass ?
5 how many meter more than two is the average height of the chinese wall?
1 what is the condition for the sum of all genetic substances in a particular organism?
1 what's a fear of tail?
3 What 's the name of Tom Sawyer 's aunt with whom he lives ?
1 what does a adult want?
5 what will the california gas levy be in the 21st year?
3 who was the president of vichy france?
1 What product did Robert Conrad dare people to knock off his shoulder ?
0 What is tyvek ?
3 who advised the audience to see the u.s.a. in their chevrolet?
3 Who is the head of the World Bank ?
1 what are the most common elements in the earth's layer?
3 what is a club governed by the elderly?
0 what is the point of the word nevermind?
3 who followed their first two underwater thriller with the girl of the sea of cortez?
3 What professional sports league originated the college draft ?
5 when is boxing sidereal day?
1 what children's story contains the formation ````come, cinderella, and keep this spear of wool for me'''?
4 what is the second largest island in the natural object?
5 How long do hermit crabs live ?
0 why do some multitude have two different colors?
5 How many times has `` Louie , Louie '' been recorded ?
5 how many copies of an album do you have to sell to make it a amber album?
1 what did the forward -looking simon brothers bakery in chicago put in bun to boost business?
4 what country are the finger lakes in?
4 which political unit contains the northernmost point of africa?
1 Name the French historical period during the reign of Napoleon III .
5 how many american soldier are there in south korea?
3 what's the name of the policeman who tried to keep order in top cat's neighborhood?
1 what musical instrument did prewitt play in james jones's from here to eternity?
3 Who invented baseball ?
5 How many frames does a disk camera shoot ?
0 what's the story of the pledge?
3 name the three slipstream unleashed by the celestials in marvel comics.
5 When did Thatcher become prime minister ?
5 what is the number of scholar at the university of massachusetts in amherst?
0 What is spaceball played on ?
3 who's the richest woman in the natural object?
3 who created the character james bond?
5 what are the chances of having crystal?
1 What were the five opening words on Ben Casey ?
1 what elegance do you call tactless as inserted deer?
3 who was monet?
0 why are there twelve group on a jury in criminal matters?
1 what does erica jong have to do with isadora wing's concern?
5 how many baits are there in a orthopterous insect wicket?
5 when was the last big happening of mount st. helens?
5 how many physical entity orbit the earth?
4 What are Britain 's two longest rivers ?
5 on what date did rosa parks become a symbol of the civil rights movement for refusing to give up her seat on the bus topology?
4 which country boasts the mansion of ismail and the mansion of king farouk?
0 what is the internet?
1 what element in the periodic table is a state of matter or solid but never a liquid?
4 what are the four largest mountain extent on the asian continent?
3 who was the famous door -to -door brusher?
0 what does the word terror mean?
3 who built the first plane?
1 What Stephen King novel is set in a graveyard for pets ?
0 what are the word for the canadian national anthem?
5 how much would it cost to buy a 2 -foot quadratic organization world with pages?
5 the olympic games in what class allowed nadia comaneci to become popular?
5 how many miles is a ten k political campaign?
1 what publication by lewis carroll did humpty dumpty present to the world?
0 what does a las vegas scrub oak dealer have to do when he reaches 16th?
3 who won the 1968 california democratic primary?
1 what helps the first -aid commodity ````stop the pain''''''?
4 where was richard nixon when gerald ford became president of the united states?
3 when the tutankhamun presentation was exhibited in the usa, which company did it transport?
1 What blew up at Lakehurst , New Jersey , on May 6 , 1977 ?
1 what invention makes the principle of physical phenomenon saving impossible?
1 What is the only animal that can turn its stomach inside out ?
5 how many stone did the columbia space shuttle lose on the second flight?
0 What is the origin of the term soda jerk ?
0 what is the recommended daily requirement for folic acid for pregnant charwoman?
1 what is the longest english son?
0 why are there culture on the phone? why is there no q or z?
3 who are the top ten richest people in the worldly concern?
5 how many multitude did randy craft kill?
5 How many milliseconds in a second ?
3 who is the french literary character who is mainly famous for his enormous nose?
4 what is the most powerful political unit in the world?
3 name the first private national to fly into space.
3 who were the body of the byzantine empire?
5 How many Israeli athletes were killed at the Munich Olympics ?
3 which bloom county resident destroys a calculator?
3 who is nicolo paganini?
3 who's the richest woman in the worldly concern?
4 What is the address for the main government office in Rome , Italy ?
3 what story did the football bus tell in the movie run to daylight?
3 who was the communicator of the famous fairy tale ``snow white and seven dwarfs''?
5 when was the last time mount st. helen had a big happening?
3 who was the first bus of the cleveland browns?
0 How did serfdom develop in and then leave Russia ?
3 What famed clown appeared on an early Howdy Doody Show and insisted that Clarabell be made up as a real clown ?
0 how do they lift the crane when building high -rise construction?
3 which body does the security council belong to?
4 what are the names of all the ocean in the world and in what ocean do they flow?
5 which chapter of the bible has the most poetry?
4 What country is the world 's largest importer of cognac ?
5 how many of the nation's juvenile between the age of two and eleven "the simpsons"?
0 What features of the African elephant are larger than those of the Indian elephant ?
3 who's olive oyl's buddy?
4 what city or state do most person live in?
2 What is Mikhail Gorbachev 's middle initial ?
1 what word appears 46,227 time period in the bible?
0 how do you clean badly damaged copper-base alloy?
4 what desert state borders saudi arabia, iraq and the persian gulf?
1 What keeps clouds in the air ?
3 who made stonehenge?
5 how old is the averhistoric period historic period of a team member who worked on the manhattan project?
5 what are the chances of pregnancy if the erectile organ does not enter the vagina?
3 which of the following tv information was a rhodes scholar?
4 what's the language unit of a hotel in indianapolis?
1 What articles of clothing are tokens in Monopoly ?
1 in kafka's transfiguration, the hero wakes up one morning to learn that he has been turned into what?
0 how do i tie color clothing?
3 what was the language unit of the man who was killed in a duel with aaron burr?
1 What 's the hardest substance in the human body ?
1 what was the language unit of the sitcom where alyssa milano performed with tony danza?
1 what is the name of the jewish character set?
1 what helping contains as many types of rum as possible?
3 who wrote much ado about nothing?
3 who wrote "the night of the iguana"?
5 how far is the longest hole in one on a golf path and where did it happen?
1 what is a golf testis made of?
3 which spokesman has watergate described as a third -rate burglary attack?
3 which of the following celebrities started his display -biz career as a discjockey?
5 how many question do you have in your database?
4 where are large teaching material for parents and teachers?
3 which japanese manufacturer is known for both its piano and its motorcycles?
0 how does ultraviolet actinic radiation damage the dna of skin cells?
1 what are the top five publication of all time?
1 what's the round part on the region of a matchbook called?
3 what stupid but lovable character did maurice gosfield play on phil silver's entertainment?
4 which countries have the largest forest sphere?
3 who was the first x -man to die in combat?
1 what tv show shows larry, bud, melman and toast on a implement?
1 The Jewish alphabet is called what ?
1 What is Mississippi 's state animal ?
1 what were millions of child wearing on their heads in the 1955s?
0 what is the difference between a apparatus and a apparatus?
5 what's the initial salary for prospective lawyer?
3 which member of charlie's angels sang musical composition for josie and the pussycats?
3 what network whipped its sports course of study on inga nielsen's body in 197?
3 what business exports sparkling alcohol?
4 Where can I find examples of legal cases about the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act ?
1 which publication did aaron hate write?
1 which racehorse won an associated press view as the largest horse of the twentieth century?
1 what kernel added sweet potatoes and peas to the first tv dinner?
1 what is the medical condition for blood cancer?
1 what was the name of the american ship that was sunk by a mine in the larboard of havana and started the spanish -american war?
1 What do you get by adding Lactobacillus bulgaricus to milk ?
3 who portrayed the faceless adult in the film of the same name?
0 what are equity security system?
5 How many cards is each player dealt in Contract Bridge ?
1 Madonna hocks which soft drink ?
1 What sign is The Water Carrier the zodiacal symbol for ?
3 what army motto is "rake and fire"?
5 how many beatles' evidence went "(3)"?
3 who stopped making journal entries about may 31, 1669 because he thought he was going blind?
4 what former royal palace served as a granary, prison, arsenal, leprosy, mint, telegraph station and quilt before becoming an art museum?
1 what ability has the fabric -boron -mat lost by domestication?
4 What U.S. state records the least rainfall ?
3 which director made a silent and sound version of the ten commands?
5 how many different vegetation zone are there?
0 what does a las vegas blackjack merchant have to do when he reaches 16th?
5 what is the youngest age that a male or girl can have an orgasm?
0 what does the gift mean?
4 Where can I find a tape or book to help me say , write and understand Japanese ?
0 why did the poultry cross the street?
5 how much stronger is the new glass -shaped carbon fabric invented by the tokyo institute of technology compared to the cellulose fabric?
0 what is the determination of the sysrq key on my computer keyboard?
5 how many hummingbird testiss could fit into a ostrich testis?
4 what european das kapital celebrated its 2.000th anniversary in 1951?
0 what is the point and meaning of the name, ````hajo?''
3 what politics did the untouchables work for?
1 from which paper was the end of the xvi. ==references ====external links ==
0 how's the atmospheric phenomenon on the moon?
0 How do you ask a total stranger out on a date ?
5 when will the computer www.questions.com be opened?
5 How many inches over six feet is Tom Selleck ?
1 what is the most commonly used 1 -letter language unit in english?
3 who awarded sonny liston the world champion of contact sport?
0 what is the quality between a board of directors and an advisory board?
1 what was the name of the "little rascals" andiron?
1 what happens when a cyclist calls ````lipid'?
1 What cancer is commonly associated with AIDS ?
1 What shrubs can be planted that will be safe from deer ?
1 what hermann hesse's book gave his name to a rock 'n' roll band?
1 what color is the hybridization on the swiss flag?
0 What is sound ?
0 what was nine tailors, the 1974 tv series about?
2 What does INRI stand for when used on Jesus ' cross ?
4 what are the largest indian airfield?
5 what is the starting message of a radiograph?
2 what does the abbreviation avoirdupois unit do? nope.
1 What kind of substance is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?
3 who was president cleveland's wife?
1 what animal poses the greatest terror to humans?
0 What is ethology ?
3 who was made up of the now non -existent comic team known as the champions?
1 what do the opposite faces of a feature always mean?
0 what is the purpose of a car undergarment?
0 What are some chemical properties of mendelevium ?
5 how many metric capacity unit of paint does it take to paint the golden gate bridge?
3 which political organization is sinn fein involved in?
5 How old is Jeremy Piven ?
5 How many types of dogs ' tails are there - three
5 what's the quality of the shuttle boosters?
3 What is Drew Barrymore 's middle name ?
4 What city is . KDGE Radio located in ?
3 what prominent victorian writer worked for the military post as much as he wrote?
5 how long before spider -man's object evaporates?
3 Who is the Incredible Hulk in reality ?
1 What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?
4 where can i find information about bob barr, a spokesperson from georgia?
3 which company manufactured rotary motor?
3 Who wrote The Collector ?
1 What is the most radioactive food ?
0 What is the origin of thank you notes ?
4 which countries have the best math scholar?
3 what primitive and madman wrote a book called cruel shoes?
0 why is the son "shortcut" so long?
1 Aspartame is also called what ?
3 name's dick tracy's two juvenile.
1 what's a good book for multitude who hate to read?
3 who is considered first lady of the american stage?
0 how does marijuana lead to other agent?
4 which land was the target of operation urgent anger?
4 which bay assets maryland's eastern and western shores?
4 In Sinclair Lewis ' `` Main Street , '' what was the name of the typical American town ?
3 what scientist was iberia's pilot?
5 When did Nixon visit China ?
5 how much would it cost to buy a 2 -foot quadratic party natural object with pages?
3 which heir of the department storehouse is responsible for installing a 3 -ton safe in front of the andrea doria underwater wreck?
0 How do you get bubblegum out of carpet ?
0 What did John Hinckley do to impress Jodie Foster ?
3 what column of the dutch renaissance did aristotle paint the bust of homer contemplating?
5 when was it assumed that pisces were found on earth?
3 who wrote the literary composition that begins ``i love your lips when they are made of wine and red with a warm desire'''wet?
4 What two countries contain Sierra Nevada mountains ?
3 who's the superstar in the rental cable car?
0 what is the lineage of ``jiggy''as if you are playing with it?
0 What was the Long March in China ?
5 how often is the statue of liberty bigger than being?
4 What sprawling U.S. state boasts the most airports ?
1 which comic was not produced directly from pulp press?
0 what's a Italian?
4 Where can I look at a perpetual calendar ?
3 which writer journalist described his brand with colorful broadway and subterranean fictional character?
1 what holidays or celebration are celebrated in italy?
1 what color are the flowers of a wood tree?
4 What countries does the Mont Blanc Tunnel join ?
5 How many times larger than life size is the Statue of Liberty ?
1 what is a emotion of the home environment?
3 who's the only man who's won the olympic ten -game twice?
0 How do I check if my modem is v.9 compatible ?
5 How many colleges are in Wyoming ?
5 what seven digits follow the territorial code in the amount for remote information?
1 What type is a snail ?
3 what cherokee indian gave his language unit to a tree?
1 what credit card does a centurion have on his side?
0 what is the musical composition "stairway to heaven" by led zeppelin?
1 what television announcement has described the lives of katy holstrum and congressman glen morley?
5 what month of the time period is there no tv in iceland?
1 what products use a tiger as a signal?
3 who portrayed the title imaginary being in the day of the schakal?
4 where were all european and american eel born?
0 how to make a bibliography with an unknown generator?
0 what do the act one, two and four on dr pepper bottles mean?
4 what's the name of the wilkes plantation in gone with the wind?
3 which painter produced person of rural new england life?
4 What are tourist attractions in Reims ?
1 What did Louis Cartier invent for aviator Santos Dumont in 1940 ?
5 how often was the pitcher warren spahn, a 20 -game contestant in his 21st season?
1 what types of water system pollution are there?
5 how many column inch above six feet is tom selleck?
0 what is the definition of material?
4 which land group is guadalcanal part of?
3 who won the first parliamentary elections in malawi in may 1994?
3 who is the inflammation of scientology?
1 what bowling game started as an east -west business relation between michigan and stanford in the 192's?
5 How many colonies were involved in the American Revolution ?
4 Where is Burma ?
4 What mountains lie between the Arkansas and Missouri rivers ?
1 what name of brew is translated as ``lion brew''?
3 who portrayed the title character in the day of the schakal?
3 what are the top ten all -time money nfl unit make?
4 what is the last alphabetical country capital?
0 How does marijuana lead to other drugs ?
1 which soft helping first appeared at the old corner drug store in waco, texas? in 1885?
3 What was Marilyn Monroe 's real name ?
5 How many people live in the Falklands ?
3 What famous coach said `` if you can 't beat 'em in the alley , you can 't beat 'em on the ice '' ?
1 What 's the second-most-used murder weapon in the U.S. ?
3 United Nations agency is the only prime minister of canada United Nations agency has served for 22 -years but not necessarily consecutively?
1 What is the former name of Zimbabwe ?
3 Which of the following celebrities was not born in Philadelphia ?
5 what are the state statistics for the 1965s and 1990s?
0 What is the root of all evil ?
3 who said, "old soldiers never die; they just fade away"?
0 what does the theory of quantity leaps mean in simpler terms?
5 How much folic acid should a pregnant woman get each day ?
4 where can i find the lyric for the song ``getting married today''from the musical ` company?
4 what is the only eastern european political unit not bound by the ruble?
4 which vicinity is north of costa rica?
5 what are the average costs for four years of medical educational institution?
1 what is the term for a four -sided human body?
1 which cartridge holder paid ernest hemingway $15 a word to write a bullfight article?
3 what's mrs bridges doing on tv upstairs?
1 in which tennessee williams plays, is one of the characters killed and devoured by a gang of starving child?
0 what is the vdrl blood experiment?
5 How many people are taller than 7 feet ?
0 What is the meaning of caliente , in English , ?
3 what noble actor tells tv's the world at war?
0 what is the difference between pop music and natural object and roll?
3 who are the ten best rich people in the worldly concern?
1 What comic strip sometimes features a mailman named Beasley ?
0 why do the opinion sometimes look red in the photos?
1 What is the predominant color of the Tab label ?
4 What is the best hospital for orthopedics in the country ?
5 how big is our collection in diameter?
3 Who famously rode to warn the people of Massachusetts that the British were coming ?
5 how many colored rectangle are there on a rubik's cube?
5 how many meters in a nautical mile?
1 what 12 -hour cold medicine does the recipe ```` 6, 6, 12''use in their advertisements?
4 which mountain range is crossed by the highest line in the world?
3 who broke the sound obstruction first?
4 which asian country has a bill for cattle?
3 who invented pantie?
3 who is the film director of the international group called the human genome organization (hugo), which wants to coordinate gene mapping research worldwide?
4 which desert has the highest backbone dunes?
3 Who were the `` filthiest people alive ? ''
0 Why are there olives in martinis ?
1 What did Esquire name Ash Hole of the Year for 1980 ?
5 How many people in the USA say their number one source of information is the newspaper ?
0 how can i find out how much financial gain tax is paid on social security financial gain in the 1998 financial gain tax?
3 what is the name of the son of actor rex harrison, United Nations agency played in a modest television series in the late 1960s?
1 What was John Steinbeck 's travelling companion Charley ?
1 What are new computer games for Windows 95 or 98 ?
0 why is black the visual property of grief in the west?
4 which continent has the most shrub?
5 how big is a baby bald bird of prey?
0 what do you say to a friend world health organization ignores you for other friends?
5 how many cubic feet of distance does a gallon of water occupy?
1 which racehorse won an associated press survey as the largest horse of the twentieth hundred?
0 what is the origin of the language unit "posh"?
1 which taxonomic group make up more than two thirds of the known taxonomic group?
3 who portrayed "rosanne rosanna -dana" on saturday night live?
1 what was that giant in spielberg's movie "jaws"?
5 what was the reference point rate for m3 growth in 1992?
1 what film is buried in the site of pere -lachaise in paris?
4 what is the second highest mountain in the natural object?
3 What was the name of `` The Muppets '' creator ?
5 What season is the setting for Shakespeare 's Midsummer Night 's Dream ?
1 what kind of soft drink held a national sensation coil in 1967?
3 what's the language unit of the protagonist in dostoyevsky's "the idiot"?
0 what is the purpose of the sysrq key on my computer device?
1 what ocean vessel burned and sank in hong kong harbor?
1 What Broadway musical was inspired by Cervantes 's Don Quixote ?
1 what mutant is played on the biggest field?
5 How many American soldiers have died for their country to date ?
5 how long before your liquid body substance makes a complete journey through the body?
3 what civil war general has caused chaos in the south by marching through georgia on his way to the body of water?
1 what sign is the water traveler, the zodiac sign for?
5 how long is the worldly concern's largest ship in metres?
4 which political unit is the origin of the band the creeps?
5 how many horses are there in a polo unit?
1 What Lewis Carroll book introduced Humpty Dumpty to the world ?
1 what were richard nixon's action?
0 how do you clean an lcd filmdom?
0 what is the point of the word "murder"?
3 what was the christian name of the title imaginary being in our miss brooks?
3 what function do fruits play in plant survival?
0 what's a bourdon conduit?
4 What was the former residence of Scottish kings in Edinburgh ?
0 how do i make fuel stone out of recycled paper?
4 Where 's the Petrified Forest ?
0 What is a handheld PC ?
3 who replaced bert parks as the host of miss america?
1 what is the most sold tv soundtrack of all time?
5 how many equal angles are there in an equilateral polygon?
4 which of the great lakes is completely within u.s. region?
0 What 's a `` coup de poing '' to a French boxer ?
4 where can i find a recapitulation of nightmare on elm street in a film journal?
5 what are the reimbursement of the round trip between new york and london with concorde?
3 who patented the first record musician?
4 where does ray bradbury's chronicles take point?
5 how high is the normal center rate of a healthy adult?
5 what is the body count of an elephant?
3 what is the name of the american world health organization was caught when his plane crashed over syrian lebanon?
0 what's the difference between body covering and fur?
4 What island group is Guadalcanal a part of ?
1 which magazine paid $5,000 for an eight -millimeter movie by john f. kennedy's murder?
5 how far can a adult travel in space?
4 what stream is strasbourg built on?
3 What 's the most common surname in America ?
4 which african capital is named after a u.s. president of the united states?
3 which actor dressed up as santa claus and had an affair once a class with the actress shelley winters every christmas for many classs?
5 how old is musician freedy johnston?
0 what was the nato group's excuse for attacking the chinese embassy?
5 how many jewelry are used in skittles?
3 which musician was awarded the medal of honor by franklin d. roosevelt?
2 what does the e stand for in equation e =mc2?
3 which ice hockey player did ronald reagan joke on that he would trade texas for?
0 what good are mosquito?
1 What do river otters eat ?
1 what commodity shows a frog saying "dig'em"?
1 what are the ingredients of synthetic resin?
0 what is the origin of beauty in the eye of the person?
0 what is the quality between microprocessors and microcontrollers?
1 What 's the most popular form of bridge ?
5 how much does a new railroad track vehicle cost?
1 what is the penalty sphere between baltic avenue and reading railroad on a monopoly board?
1 What hair color can I use to just cover a little gray ?
0 in waugh "a handful of dust", what does the crazy old man make the heroes do every good afternoon?
1 What relative of the racoon is sometimes known as the cat-bear ?
3 what singer got desperate over the death of freddie prince, left the show enterprise and then left the enterprise?
3 Who invented the stock ticker in 1870 ?
1 in kafka's metamorphosis, the hero wakes up one dawn to learn that he has been turned into what?
3 who was the girl in peter sellers' dish?
1 what is the sequel of alice's adventures in wonderland?
3 who invented the can opener?
1 What 's the colored part of the eye called ?
1 what operating system do ibm -compatible machines activity?
5 in what calendar month, date and year did charles die?
0 How can scientists predict weather by observing clouds ?
4 where do lobster like to live?
1 What credit card features a centurion on its face ?
4 What famed river was Hernando de Soto the first European to see ?
1 what is mississippi's wisdom?
3 name the tree -breeding ship's company.
0 What is the origin of `` barbeque '' ?
1 what about ray bradbury's illustrated adult?
0 where do natural object come from?
1 What film canine is buried in Pere-Lachaise cemetery in Paris ?
1 What was the alternate to VHS ?
3 which actor came to meal at guess who's coming to meal?
4 what body of water surrounds the cayman islands?
1 What are common methods used to regulate monopolies ?
4 Where was the Cisalpine Republic , 1797-185 , ?
5 what are the average hours per month spent by aol drug user online?
0 What does `` antidisestablishmentarianism '' mean ?
0 what is the definition of ``graphic information'?
1 what is the largest us agricultural craw by weight?
0 What 's the setting of John Le Carre 's A Small Town in Germany ?
3 what's the name of the institution that makes spumante?
5 How much folic acid should an expectant mother get daily ?
3 what jurisprudenceyer called himself the jurisprudence west of pecos?
1 what soap was praised as ````for multitude who'''''''like'?
3 what american sergeant lost both hired hand during world war ii and then appeared in a single film for which he won two oscars?
0 what's conspicuous about the vertebrate foot?
1 what's the tallest suit on the structure?
1 Which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?
0 what's "the washed liquor"?
4 What country is the setting for Edgar Allan Poe 's The Pit and the Pendulum ?
1 what makes microsoft's windows 3 a achiever?
4 What countries have the largest areas of forest ?
4 what is the highest batch?
0 What are geckos ?
2 What does A&W of root beer fame stand for ?
3 which major hose has the best safety record in the world?
0 why were american soldiers called "doughboys" during world war i?
5 how many e -commerce ship's company are created daily?
0 what are amaretto cake?
1 what disorder does katharine hepburn have that shakes her voice?
1 What four-legged creature did a Cornell University study say would make man 's best companion in space ?
3 who played the title duty in the romantic english?
3 Whose cover is that of an employee of Universal Import and Export ?
5 when was the last meter mount st. helen had a significant outbreak?
0 why does e seem to turn in wheel, e.g. in car tyre, in the opposite path when it slows down?
5 what was the change rate in the usa in 1969?
4 what political unit surrounds san marino, the smallest republic in the world?
0 how can i get someone's phone amount if i only have their screen name?
3 who was the only u.s. president of the united states wearing a nazi uniform?
3 what category of cigar -chewer noticed that you're only as old as the woman you feel?
0 What is a hydrogen bond ?
1 what's the fastest and easiest room to get nail polish out of your clothes?
3 With whom did Bush compare Saddam Hussein ?
1 what kind of mixed drink do you make with whiskey and sweet vermouth?
0 What are my legal rights in an automobile repossession in California ?
3 what 1920s cowboy star rides tony the wonder horse?
1 What was the name of the horse that fell on Queen Elizabeth , Prince Albert 's wife ?
4 What river is Windsor Castle on ?
0 How do you ask questions ?
4 where can i obtain information on the businessperson of cotton textiles?
0 what is the definition of the scrabble language unit "syzygy"?
4 which political unit was a terrible beauty for leon uris?
1 What musical instrument did Prewitt play in James Jones 's From Here to Eternity ?
1 the first queen of the football plot was hallie woods?
3 who's the fastest guitar player?
5 how much does a teaspoon weigh matter in a black opening?
5 what season does a local activity normally take home?
0 how can person predict the weather by observing clouds?
4 what is the largest u.s. municipality on the great lakes?
0 where did the bovid come from?
5 what's the maximum length, in duty, of a first baseman's glove?
0 what is sense fine?
5 how long before the typical american eats 23 -block ice elite?
3 what are the names of two old world who appear on the muppet show?
0 why do multitude get calluses?
5 how many james bond fiction are there?
1 what's the soft swallow for adults?
5 what was the 1940 -year wage for a kessler?
5 how much of the conductor production is produced by independent conductor smelters?
1 what was the longest military action in the history of the united states?
3 Who is Nicolo Paganini ?
1 what movie did shirley maclaine show as a prostitute and jack lemmon as a pimp?
1 what's the only organ in people who can regenerate themselves?
5 How high is the city of Denver ?
5 The Iraqis launched their attack on Kuwait on what day ?
3 who invented the collection cone?
5 how many real fruit juices are there in a can of hawaiian blow?
4 where can i find scientific data, investigation papers, textile technology?
3 what famous tv talk display host was a lay predator when he was seventeen?
5 how much money do you owe for having a andiron on the beach illegally?
0 What are the lyrics to `` Smelly Cat '' ?
3 what english doctor of the church was born in january 18, 1779 and created two important inventions?
3 What count did Alexandre Dumas write about ?
5 how many school district are there in the united states?
1 what conflict ended with a marriage in kentucky in march 21, 1891?
4 what city boasts of the billingsgate fish activity?
1 What Ernest Hemingway novel had the working title Fiesta ?
3 What company 's logo is a `` W '' in a circle ?
4 what is the famous mexican star thalia's savoir-faire?
1 What sport is known for hooligans ?
4 which curve do you see from place de la concorde?
4 where can i find the status of my tax legal document?
1 Name a novel written by John Steinbeck .
4 Where did makeup originate ?
1 what does the method "cold union" create?
5 how much does a teaspoon weigh concern in a black hole?
4 where can i find the top one badminton?
4 Where is the biggest bell ?
3 which polity of the president called on the americans to explore the new frontier?
0 how does a scientific expert work?
5 how many records does each musician have in a four -handed game of crokinole?
4 what north american municipality would you visit to see cleopatra's needle?
5 what is the highest number of home runs on criminal record for a game?
3 which radio place are the jim bohannon radio talk show?
1 what is the right way to install a roll of toilet material?
0 What is a bone marrow transplant ?
3 who invented volleyball?
4 which state imposed the berlin blockade in 1948?
0 what is the origin of head insect?
0 why did european colonial rule only spread after the first and second industrial change?
1 What was the name of Robert Fulton 's most famous steamboat ?
0 how can i find out what year a beanie child was introduced?
0 in waugh "a handful of dust", what does the crazy old world make the heroes do every afternoon?
5 what is the average level of a scientist?
2 what does scsi mean in a computer?
4 what state is mount mckinley in?
4 What country borders Denmark to the south ?
0 what makes causal agent ticklish?
3 who did lauren bacall marry after her husband humphrey bogart died?
3 what is the name of the brilliant british social scientist behind his creation?
1 what's a emotion of blacks?
0 how do i keep cats out of my angiosperm garden forever?
4 which building district of the city was called "the roaring forties"?
5 how much do drugs cost to treat infectious disease?
3 Who advised listeners to `` see the U.S.A. in your Chevrolet '' ?
1 what was that imaginary being in spielberg's movie "jaws"?
0 what's the deviation between new york and chicago -style pizza?
3 who was the monk from the 15th? a century that gained control of florence and was burned at the stake?
1 in what four forms does amber appear?
0 what is an saint?
3 who was jean nicolet?
2 What does IOC stand for ?
3 which comedian was banned from the ed sullivan show because he allegedly made an obscene gesture at the horde of the show?
0 what does the language unit melissa mean?
4 which mountain range is crossed by the highest railroad track in the world?
1 what's the tallest courtship on the bridge?
3 who discovered electricity?
0 what is the origin of the son marijuana?
1 what is the care of depression?
0 What is agent orange ?
3 who told peter rose not to bet on activity?
5 how many beatles' record went "(3)"?
1 which seed are used in marzipan?
1 what device offered a new property to listen to music in 1963?
