1 a touching, funny and ultimately transporting rethink of beauty and the beasts - and 1930s horror films
0 apparently again composed of the cutting room floor of a certain day soap.
0 They assume that their audience would not sit still for a sociology lesson, however entertaining they may be, so that they display the conventional science fiction elements of bug -eyed monsters and futuristic women in tight clothes.
1 This is a visually impressive discussion about love, memory, history and the war between art and commerce.
1 Jonathan Parker's Bartleby was supposed to be the end of all modern anonymous movies.
1 campanella gets the sound just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful.
0 a fan movie that plays better for the uninitiated on video with the downloaded sound.
1 b233b;Art and berling are both excellent, while huppert...is great.
0 a little less extreme than in the past, with longer exposure sequences between them and fewer gags to break the boredom.
0 The film is strictly routine.
1 a lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self -discovery and a picturesque view of a slightly forgotten world.
0 the most disgusting adaptation of a classic text since Roland joffsob233; and demi moore's of the scarlet letter.
0 For something as magnificent -looking as this special film, the viewer expects something special, but instead he gets -lrb - sci -fi -rrb - rehash.
1 This is an impressive film, a unique tour de force.
1 Maybe it's more genius than genius, but it does the job.
1 There's a freedom to see stunts that are so crude, these racing and these crazy.
0 If the tux were actually a suit, it would fit like a $99 bargaining basement special.
1 as quiet and patient as Mr. Lopez himself, who approaches his difficult, endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline.
0 Final report: You have seen everything before.
0 Blue Crush follows the formula, but throws in too many conflicts to make history convincing.
0 You... a feeling of good intentions is derailed by looking for a failure and hitting exactly the right tone.
1 a smooth, captivating melodrama.
0 A miserable film that reduces World War II to looking for an old flame.
0 will undoubtedly play well in the European markets, where Mr. Besson is a brand name, and in Asia, where Ms. Shu is an institution, but the American public will probably trust it and find it insufficiently cathartic.
0 lacks the inspiration of the original and has an inflated act that extends the duration of about ten minutes behind the interest of a child and the patience of an adult.
1 The Santa clause 2 is proving to be a more rational and thoughtful encounter than the original had ever hoped.
1 The film is moody, gloomy, cool and heartwarming at once.a twist, unpredictable, cat and mouse thriller.
0 Too bad.
1 a strong first act and absolutely, inevitably gorgeous, skyscraper -trapeze movement of the amazing spider man.
0 gooding offers a desperately intrusive performance.
0 A benevolent effort that is still too heavily burdened by the actor's abilities for the serious emotional core to arise with any degree of accessibility.
1 a fun ride.
1 an exciting thriller that strikes a surprising blow.
1 What's the Russian word for wow? What?
1 Eight sallies has a real filmmaker's eye.
0 lurid and less than lucid work.
0 with its parade of almost always wasted characters...Margarita feels like a foggy high that takes too long to shake.
0 I could just feel the writer typing, typing, typing, typing, typing on this script at any moment.
1 Overall, cletis tout is a winning comedy that stimulates imagination and tickles the funny bone.
1 They live the mood instead of enjoying the story.
1 The film is so thoughtless.
1 Some body is a shaky, uncertain film that nevertheless touches some raw nerves.
1 It's a very honest job, but it would be better than a diary or a documentary.
0 While the American Adobo has his heart and his palate in the right place, his brain is a little scattered, even...
1 unfolds with such a wallop of you -are immediately that when the bullets begin to fly, your first instinct is to duck.
0 And there's a lousy one.
1 It's not too fast and it's not too slow.
1 It is an entertaining movie, and the effects that are raised to the size of a downtown hotel will lead you all except into space.
1 It is as uncompromising as it is not judgmental, and makes it clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the customers.
1 competently observable.
0 Despite some comic sparks, welcome to Collinwood never catches fire.
1 Although Jackson does not always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the exceptionally rich landscape, it has to be said that he is a fantastic filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees.
1 Spider -Man doesn't just deliver, I guess he can always deliver.
1 It's worth the kids.
0 Without Shakespeare's eloquent language, the update is gloomy and dull.
1 Close, intoxicating documentary.
0 ...It feels like -lrb - there is -rrb - a collar around your neck so Director Nick Cassavetes can give it well if he wants you to feel something.
1 striking when familiar history exposes a young person between two cultures.
1 Methodically, measured and mildly tiring in its comedy, secret ballots are a deliberately reductive film, which is why it is so successful to accommodate itself in the brain.
1 Although a touch of arthouse 101 is in its poetic symbolism, the sky is a good example of the sensibilities of two directors.
1 excellent photographed and staged by Mendes with a series of captivating set pieces that the mainstream audience has rarely seen.
1 a metaphor for a modern urban China that seeks its identity.
1 It is a square, sentimental drama that satisfies as comfort food can often.
1 The wonderfully luxurious morvern callar is pure punk existentialism, and Ms. Ramsay and her co -author Liana Dognini have dramatized the Alan Warner novel, which itself as an answer to Irvine Welsh's book training.
1 Admirers of director Abel Ferrara may be relieved that his latest feature, r xmas, is a modest, if encouraging return to form.
0 Not even in the rush to save the day, I got very involved in the process; for me it was only a matter of ``eh'.
0 An ugly, dozens of stories told so horribly and helplessly just happen to feel like it.
0 becomes a bit like a mixing mask: a teapot that does not make and a thriller that does not.
1 Would I have gotten more geek than I heard Apollo 13 is published in Imax format?
1 This is a very ambitious project for a rather inexperienced filmmaker, but good actors, good poetry and good music help to get it.
0 more successful in history than in creating an emotionally complex, dramatically satisfying heroin
1 Cho's timing is priceless.
1 Criminal conspiracies and true romances move so easily across racial and cultural boundaries in the film that my big, fat Greek wedding looks like an apartheid drama.
1 There is something to be said for a studio -produced film that never bothers to give viewers a suitcase full of simple answers.
1 What raises the film about the all -round mixer is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish.
1 Nicholson's understated performance is wonderful.
1 The filmmakers know how to like the eye, but it's not always the most beautiful pictures that tell the best story.
0 It is unfortunate that Wallace, who wrote Gibson's brave heart, as well as the last Pearl Harbor, has such an unshakeable passion for juicy situations and dialogue.
0 Jackson walks shamelessly through this chaos with a smug grin, inexplicably carrying a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over his shoulder.
0 ...a fascinating curiosity, fascinating, that is, for about ten minutes.
0 over and over.
1 nolan proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and control a traditional popcorn thriller, while delivering little of his intellectual rigor or creative serenity.
0 This Bond film goes from the outset, not necessarily for the better.
0 ...Her solemn presumption prevents us from sharing the reverence she holds in.
0 The drama reveals almost nothing.
0 a fictional construct based on theory, pocket -playing tricks and misguided hypothesis.
1 Isabelle honks excellently because the enigmatic Mika and Anna Mouglalis are an amazing new talent in one of the most intense psychological secrets of Chabrol.
1 Like his predecessor parade, this Halloween is a bloody freak show.
1 Maybe the best sports movie I've ever seen.
0 This pitiful garbage is barely an hour long.
1 You have to love a Disney picture with as little cleavage as this one, and a hero as brave and principled as Jane.
1 This is a beautiful film with color, music and life.
1 plays a role of almost bergmanesque intensity...bisset is both convincing and radiant.
0 The trappings of I spy are so familiar you might as well see a repeat.
1 It deals with Ana's journey with honesty, which is tragically rare in depicting young women in film.
1 Leigh makes these lives count.
1 An ambitious, disturbing psychodrama that is full and dilutes the advantage of its harsh boundary conditions, low budget constraints.
1 The woodsman seems to have directly influenced this girl -meets -girl love story, but even more reassuring is how his makers actually seem to understand what has made Allen's romantic comedies so relevant and lasting.
1 I can't recommend this movie anymore.
0 an inexperienced director, mehta has a lot to learn.
0 You can taste it, but there's no fizz.
0 a post -processing of the hard and cliffhanger but it is not nearly as exciting as either.
1 a moving history of love and destruction in unexpected places, not exploring life.
1 It has more than a few moments that are sensitive enough to be lovingly remembered in the endless challenging maze of Moviegoing.
0 Why?
0 And then Ararat went astray.
1 Vincent Gallo is at home in this French shocker and plays his evil role as a bad boy.
0 Clocktoppers is one of those crazy mixed movies that don't know what they want to be when they grow up.
0 Sandra Bullock, despite her good looks, wears a little too much ai n't... She --cute luggage in her leading role as a concerned and determined homicide cop to pull off the heavy stuff.
1 It's usually a pleasure to see.
1 His spirit of iconoclastic abandonment, however preserved, provides an unexpectedly dizzying view.
0 A dead jackson is a disturbing sight and indicative of his, if you will, out -kilter character running aimlessly through poorly designed action pieces.
0 I didn't find much fascination in swinging.
0 That's not a water boy.
1 But the nerve -inducing actions, the bending of lines, the impressive gestures of hardware, make for something robust and scary entertainment.
1 Child -faced racer is incredibly convincing, as this blank blank of a man with unimaginable demons in.
1 The kind of original story George Lucas can only dream of.
1 as just a document of humanity's worst possibilities, and among the best movies of the year.
0 The Irwins' scenes are fascinating; the film as a whole is cheap trash and an insult to their death -defying efforts.
0 It's a terrible vanity movie that no doubt pays off the debts miramax gutgni owed.
0 He seems to want both, but he can't.
1 by alternating fanciful, grilisty and engagingly quixotic.
1 The re -release of Ron Howard's apollo 13 in Imax format absolutely proves that really, really, really good things can come in huge packages.
0 I've never seen a remake of Adam Sandler raping, pillaging and burning the classic Frank Capra.
1 Those who want to be pulled out of their pumpkins should drop everything and follow me.
1 Mr. Actions is, as the comedy goes, very stupid and in the best way.
1 This lovely picture speaks hard, but it's all bluish, in the end it's as sweet as green fingers.
1 My little eye is the best little horror movie I've seen in years.
0 The film is a negligible work of manipulation, an exploitative piece that does its usual bad to guilty parents.
1 It could... work as a trip into the past for young people and young adults who have grown up on TV shows or reruns.
0 suffers from a flat script and a low budget.
0 The film is well made, but slowly.
0 The master of disguise is terrible.
1 The film is one of the best.
1 one of the strangely captivating and unpredictable features of the year.
0 The direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence, but for most of the film it is difficult to say who is following who or why.
0 The three leads produce adequate performances, but what is lacking in this material is every depth of feeling.
0 "Looking for Leonard" just seems to be sitting in a neutral position, hoping for a stiff wind to blow him up or something.
0 The most surprising thing about this film is that they actually publish it in cinemas.
0 ...One resurrection too many.
1 Oh, look at that bright angle!
0 No, I hate it.
1 For a long time the film succeeds with its dark, delicate treatment of these characters and its genuine respect for them.
1 The casting of Raymond J. Barry as ``assassin''increases the quality of Neil Burger's impressive fake documentary.
0 The movie is like sitting in a Downtown caf2333, listening to a bunch of typical gossipy things that talk about nothing, and desperately wishing you could switch tables.
1 The filmmakers want nothing more than to show us a good time, and in their cheap b -film way they succeed.
1 a rolling ride with stunning action sequences, striking villains, an amazing palette of colors, amazing technology, moving music and a boffo final hour leading to a strangely dark happy ending.
1 an hour and a half cheerful solo performance.
0 Built pastries by caper clich233s.
1 a triumph, a film that cuts out a world and brings us effortlessly from darkness to light.
1 Steven Soderbergh's digital video experiment is a clever and cutting -edge view of modern life and film life.
1 kinnear's performance is a career definition revelation.
1 not only a reminder of how they made movies, but also how they can sometimes be made again.
1 Dragons are the true stars of the Fire, and you will not be disappointed.
0 If you have more than 25, have an iq over 90, and have a license, you should be able to find better entertainment.
1 For the followers of French cinema, safe behavior is as time -consuming as it is to die and go to cellular heaven.
0 Sharp, who has had a successful television career, attacks more than she is able.
0 This sade is hardly a perverse, dangerous libertarian and agitator, which would have led to a better drama.
1 At the end of the film, you are definitely convinced that these women are spectacular.
0 ...A plot as clumsy as a two -day brew. The filmmakers''paws', sad to say, were everywhere in this ``````````````bear -capable''project!
0 The modern Royals have nothing against these guys when it comes to scandal.
0 Essentially "fatal attraction" remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was published in 1987.
0 it does not really know or care about the characters and uses them as a marker for a number of predetermined events.
0 ` opens'the piece more has partially closed it.
1 Although it is common knowledge that Park and its founding partner Yong Kang lost Kozmo in the end, you cannot help but interfere in the nerve endings of the company's amazing growth.
0 a lot of effort and intelligence are on the display, but in the execution it is all embarrassing, static, and lifeless rumbling.
1 Every moment trembles with excitement, and at the end of the patch, you're at the edge of your seat.
1 the Imax screen strengthens the personal touch of manual animation.
0 Coal is not as easy to find as it used to be and that would be a worthy substitute for untreated children's stockings.
0 as pedestrians, as they come.
0 Why buy the film milk when the TV cow is free?
0 sunk by far too much indulgence of scene chewing, tooth -grinding acting.
1 It's fun for kids of all ages.
1 Raimi and his team couldn't have done better to put Spider -Man's story on the big screen.
1 a colorful, joyful celebration of life; a tapestry of romance, dancing, singing and unforgettable characters.
1 A ripping comedy feast that puts hair on your chest.
1 Jason x's premise is silly, but strangely believable.
0 The modern characters are not nearly as vivid as those of the 19th century.
0 Chelsea Walls is a case of too many chefs merging over too weak a recipe.
1 The crew... keeps them pretty vigilant, and the casting Mick Jagger as director of the Escort Service was inspired.
0 -lrb --the boy's rrb -- just too cheeky for sympathy, and as the movie grows to its final, its little changes sound hollow.
1 contradicts everything we expected from films today.
1 There is hardly any question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say, as we should often play in the flip -flop of courship.
0 The script has less spice than a rat burger and the fighting skills of the rock correspond more to Steven Seagal.
1 The solid filmmakers and convincing characters make this a high watermark for this genre.
1 The kind of film that only occasionally appears, performed so unconventionally, kindly and perfectly, takes your breath away.
1 with an admirable dark first script by Brent Hanley, paxton, makes his directing feature debut, does strong, measured work.
1 Funny, dark, absurd, and finally, painfully sad, Bartleby is a fine, underrated piece of filmmaking.
0 Sometimes a movie comes along to remind us how bad a movie can really be.
0 Unfortunately, there is almost nothing in this flat work that would amuse or entertain them, either.
1 schrrader investigates the decline of the crane with the greatest openness.
1 that the E -graveyard holds as many good ideas as bad, is the cold comfort that the film of chin combines with style and empathy.
1 You do not want to live in the city centre, but it is a fun place to visit.
1 The Bai brothers took a little piece of history and opened it for all of us to understand, and they told a nice little story in the process.
0 there is no decent performance of the cast and not a clever line of dialogue.
0 Translation: ` we don't have to work very hard.'
1 back to never land is reliable, standard disney animated fare with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all age groups.
0 It holds firmly to the paradigm, rarely allows its signs to be more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly places them in imaginary, well -worn situations.
1 Caine lets us watch his character wake up to have the idea of being human means ultimately choosing.
1 a captivating and intimate study of death and love...
0 sexexed, sometimes over -stressed comedy \\\\ Drama, which offers little insight into the experience, forty, female and single.
1 The world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasm like Martin Scorsese.
0 The director seems to have an immeasurable pleasure in -lrb -the characters'-rrb'-miserable and at the same time congratulate himself for having the courage to confront them.
1 The story is fascinating; the plot is dazzling.
1 The unexpected thing is that his death in this shower of black and white psychedelia is very beautiful.
0 I also believe that the resident is not evil.
1 offers a clear chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything depicted in a Hollywood movie.
1 This is the best continuation since the Empire fought back. A majestic achievement, an epic of astonishing size and surprising emotional depth.
1 While the audience may not get away with a greater knowledge of the facts of Cuban music, they are treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of their sounds.
1 not only better than its predecessor, it can count as the most magical and entertaining family fare of this or any newer holiday season.
0 ...may seem like addictive guilty pleasure, but the material never surpasses its questionable satirical ambivalence.
0 Death to smoochy tells a moldy oldie, not - almost - as - evil - as - it - thinks - it - is - is - joke.
1 The image of spielberg is smarter and more subtle than -lrb -Total -Recall and Blade Runner -rrb -, although his action may prove to be confusing for the entertaining summer audience.
0 Hard war seems to be a character study, but obviously can't quite decide which character.
1 enjoy smaller numbered children.
0 offers no new insight into the matter, and their signs are not exactly brought to life.
0 I a m convinced that I could keep a family of five blind, crippled Amish people alive in this situation better than these British soldiers do.
0 The related stories of broadbeard and hanussen are indeed fascinating, but filmmaking in invincible is such that the film does not suit them.
1 The characters are more deeply thought out than in most right -wing films.
1 These characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable taking crazy liberties and making the stupidest stuff out of the left field, and I am in favour.
0 with a completely predictable act, you will swear that you have seen all this before, even if you have never come a mile from the longest courtyard.
0 The jokes are silly, stereotypes are scattered everywhere and the play ranges from bad to bodacious.
1 Cho's latest comics aren't as hot or as fresh as me, but it's still fucking funny.
1 Much has been written about the years in which the psychedelic 60s were ridden into the gay 70s, but words do not really do justice to the era.
1 one of the most beautiful and stylish animation films in a while...
1 Light the candles, take out the cake and don't worry about the calories, because there's precious little substance in the birthday girl, it's simple, and surprisingly, a nice, easy treatment.
1 It is good, hard things, violent and a little exploitative, but also beautifully done, morally attentive and street -smart.
0 Sayeles.once again draws his excellent actors in the same old story.
0 High crime carries almost no organic intrigue as a government /marine legal secret, and that is because the film serves all this stuff, almost subliminal, as the old -owned province of male intrigue.
1 Nicole Kidman makes it a party worth having.
1 Bogdanovich looks at history in perspective and shows the remarkable performance of Kirsten as a young woman with great charm, generosity and diplomacy.
1 The gentle comic treatment of youth storm and urge should delight fans of Chris fuhrman's posthumously published cult novel.
0 Shatner is probably the funniest person in the movie, which gives you an idea of how bad it was.
0 This is a fragmented film, once a good idea, followed by the bad idea of turning it into a movie.
0 There's a tremendous creative action in the transporter, and when Frank crashes into a moving truck, it's just another cartoon with an unstoppable Superman.
1 for those of a forgiving, slightly sunny and summer spirit, sex and Luzia can prove to be divergent enough.
1 It might be easier to watch video at home, but this should not prevent hard French film lovers from going abroad and enjoying the great screen experience.
1 -lrb -reno -rrb provides a monologue that manages to integrate both the horrors and the absurdity of the situation in a balanced way.
1 rich in the atmosphere of post -war art world, it manages to teach without dust from research institutes.
1 more good than big, but free man and Judd make it work.
1 It's nice to see Piscopo again after all these years, and chaykin and headless are priceless.
1 never again, although nothing special, is pleasant, entertaining and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction.
0 If the last man was the last film on Earth, there would be a toss between the presidency over the end of the cinema as we know it, and another night of delightful handshakes.
1 She's a lion protecting her boy, and he's a reluctant villain unable to control his crew.
1 This is an interesting film!''
0 It's just stupid, irrelevant and deep, really, bottomless cynical.
0 the film is almost completely lacking in tension, surprise and consistent emotional conviction.
0 The characters are so generic and the plot so thready that even as rogue CIA assassins working for Chris Cooper's Agency boss, close to the resourceful Amnesiac, we don't feel much for Damon \\bourne or his predicament.
0 Like a can of two -day coke.
1 This skillfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives on its tight performances and creepy atmosphere, even if the script falls a little short.
0 Yes, I suppose i t's nice that Cal i s solving his problems with his father and getting along with his picture - perfect life, but the world -builder gave me no reason to care, so I didn't.
0 That the movie starts with maggots crawling on a dead dog is not a misguided metaphor.
1 If the plot appears a little on the thin side, it's because the panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you dry and making you sweat.
1 drumline captures the complicated relationships in a leaf chapel.
1 The entire cast is first class, especially sorvino.
0 It is a burden, as nice working women see it, or at least this working woman, for whom she shows little understanding.
0 nothing about this movie works.
1 a very entertaining little film.
1 -lrb -"safe conduct"-rrb "is a long film in 163 minutes, but it fills time with drama, romance, tragedy, bravery, political intrigue, partisans and sabotage.
1 Although mainstream American films tend to take advantage of the familiar, occasionally a Marge film gives viewers the chance to learn, grow, travel.
0 A hit and miss affair, consistently amusing, but not as grotesque or funny as Cho intended or as resourceful as one had hoped.
1 This is an exercise in cool style, and two films the Sub, inside and outside, with a view to preserving a secret.
0 Hey, guys, you want to watch a movie where a guy dressed as a kids' party clown gets raped by a gang?
1 makes captivating, provocative and forward -looking.
1 a flawed but captivating thriller.
0 never come together as a coherent whole.
0 a decisive lack of spontaneity in his performance and a lack of real sharpness in his epiphanies.
1 What distinguishes Ms. Birot's film from others in this genre is greater attention for the parents and especially for the fateful fathers in the emotional development of the two enchanted youths.
0 Like most Jaglom's movies, some of them seem honest, but more of them seem invented and secondhand.
1 It is a wise and powerful history of race and culture told powerfully, with excellent achievements everywhere.
1 One of those great documentaries that collect a lot of people who get excited about something and then find out how we share their enthusiasm.
0 The sopranos of the film are not only incredibly outdated and unfriendly, they also show how desperate the makers of this ``we'-do '-it'-for'' continuation were.
0 I have to admit, I'm confused about Jason X.
1 The film approaches the chimpanzees just as well, with serious patience, respect and affection.
0 a drawing twice removed, modeled after -lrb - seagal's -rrb - former imitator under siege, sometimes as the hard one on a boat.
1 Ms. Seigner and Mr. serrault bring their characters fresh, non -coerced naturalism.
0 This is muy loco, but no more ridiculous than most other dragonflies.''
0 but the film that does not really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
1 If you've answered yes, enjoy the new one.
1 creates an enormous empathy for his characters.
1 the low -key direction is pleasantly emphasized in this really intense, claustrophobic narrative of obsessive love.
1 Those who are prone to indignation do not have to apply; those who are susceptible to blue bliss will step down immediately.
1 a fascinating view of the French film industry during the German occupation; their most beautiful moments come when different characters express their quirky inner self.
1 would be an excellent companion for the French lieutenant's wife.
1 If you like weird, weird movies and the ironic ones, here's a funny one.
0 No French were injured in making this film, but they were insulted and the audience was tortured for an hour and a half.
1 Woody Allen can write and deliver a liner like anyone else.
1 The consistently funny Austin Powers movies.
1 It is both humiliating and strange liberating to see people working so hard to lead a life of sexy intrigues, only to be revealed as usual by the passionless Gantz brothers.
1 Fully paid is remarkably captivating, although noticeably derived from Goodfells and at least half a dozen other problems -in -the -ghetto movies.
0 The plot has a number of holes, and sometimes it's just amazing.
0 The redeeming feature of chan's films has always been the action, but the stunts in the tux seem tired and, worse, routine.
0 Amazingly lame.
0 Not even Felnni would know what to do with this Italian freak show.
1 Garc237A Bernal and talancHob243n are a very attractive couple, and although their history is predictable, you want things to work.
1 But I'm sure it's hard to hate.
1 finely worked, finely written, exquisitely executed
0 Parker can't keep the vibrant energy of the film Beginning of the city in his country Conclusion '
1 The story is quite simple: grief drives them, love drives them, and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place struck a chord in me.
0 A bullet went all the way.
0 Clare Peploe's Airless Film Adaption could use a little American cake, like disrespect.
0 a sad, boring, redundant concept that bears more than a hint of exploitation, despite the empathic empathy of Iwai.
1 a sweet romantic tale with a twist.
0 About one of three Gags in White's intermittent white script hits its mark; the others are shamelessly padded by the teenage exploitative playbook.
0 It goes along methodically, somehow assuming that his "dead wife communicating from beyond the grave" is even remotely new or interesting.
1 acknowledge to everyone from Robinson to the keystroke that this bold step works.
0 Enough said, except: film on board!
1 A suffocating rape revenge horror show that relies on the most favored victim of the subgenre and a vibrant affection for industrial models meat refrigerators.
1 While we no longer have the lack of attention that we have had in seventeen years, we have had no problem sitting on Blade II.
0 a collage of ClichDoub233s and a dark echo of allusions to other films.
1 Combine the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the disturbing horror of the supernatural. Why didn't Hollywood think of that before?
0 When Damon and affleck try another project greenlaght, next time try to pay less attention to the mini series and pay more attention to the movie.
0 Written by James Eric, James Horton and director Peter O'Fallonist so well that his teeth hurt.
0 I'm thumbing it down because of the endless repetitive scenes of embarrassment.
0 Leblanc not only makes a spectacularly ugly -looking broad, but he also looks unhappy while proudly prowling through his scenes.
1 an elegant work, food of love is engaged as consistently as it reveals.
1 Pain, loneliness and insecurity of the script become vivid and painful in this self -depressing, biting and funny feature, written by Charlie Kaufman and his twin brother Donald, and directed by Spike jonze.
0 ...A weak and ineffective ghost story without conclusion or payment.
1 If you're a fan of the show, you'll love it and probably want to see it twice.
0 The film never finds its sound and several scenes run too long.
0 suffers from a lack of clarity and boldness demanded by such a monstrous and pathetic subject as Dahmer.
0 It is not a film; it is a completely static picture.
0 It's probably not easy making such a worthless movie.
1 The film is bright and shiny in all the right ways.
1 a lively, honorable, and subtly different sequel.
1 a macabre and very stylized Swedish film series about a modern city in which all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place disintegrate.
1 makes an impressive work of the complicated history of the war and of the fulfilment of the background.
1 a fascinating documentary that provides a round and informative overview of this old holistic healing system
0 a cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality, which itself is infinitely superficial.
0 but manages to be simply depressing, as the main actor telephones in his autobiographical performance.
0 I went back and checked the last ten minutes, but these were more repulsive than the first 30's or 40 minutes.
0 In the end, the film is meaningless and says nothing about Kennedy's murder and reveals nothing about the pathology he's investigating.
1 It's refreshing to see a film that embraces its old -fashioned themes and comes out as something quite original.
1 It has to be the end of the world: the best movie this year is a franchise sequel with Wesley Snipes.
1 Boomer and her kids are gonna have a barrel of fun.
1 Wow.
0 If Disney's Cinderella has proven that a dream is a wish made by your heart, then Cinderella II proves that a nightmare is a wish made by a studio's purse.
0 I've done it. A thousand times, and better.
0 an annoying movie.
1 a film with a great premise, but only a great premise.
0 Seagal ran out of movies years ago, and that's just proof.
0 a subtle ode to female camaraderie, written by a man who has little knowledge of the nature of women or friendship.
0 The fiery underbelly of fame never looked uglier.
1 Halfway through this picture I started to hate it, and of course I felt guilty about it. Then, miraculously, the movie makes a flip -flop.
0 soulless and --still destructive -- practically joyless, xxx almost achieves virtuosity in its dice game.
1 what the film actually lacks more than balance in drama, tension, revenge, and romance.
1 Alabama won't win any academic awards, but this date night change is definitely gonna win some hearts.
1 It is worth a satisfying summer blockbuster and a look.
0 A party -hearty Teen Flick that burns like acid.
1 The film is... very funny when you see it through your fingers in front of your eyes.
0 While history is more focused than the incomprehensible Anne Reisroman on which it is based, the Queen of the Damned is a meaningless, empowering celebration of the Goth vampire, tortured woe is -me lifestyle.
1 Originality ai n't on the menu, but there's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller.
0 as Mike is an easy and univentive film: like the exalted Michael Jordan referred to in the title, many can aspire, but none can equal.
1 The cast, together a successful example of the lovable Loser protagonist, shows deft comic timing.
1 a strange beautiful film that looks more like an extended, open poem than a traditionally structured story.
1 Strangely, it comes as a kingdom lighter than wild.
0 A few hours after you see it, you forget you were at the movies.
0 But it's not quite the genre -cracking movie it was hypnotized because it plays everything too safe.
0 The biggest problem with the excitement surrounding Roger Avary against the mpaa is that he himself made a film in all his director's cut glorrey'which is hardly shocking, hardly interesting and above all hardly anything.
1 Peralta incorporates the essence of the Dogtown experience in brilliant interviews and amazingly moving films from three decades ago.
1 manages to achieve what few sequences can -- it corresponds to the original and in some ways even better.
0 The end result is like cold brew with only the odd pleasantly chewing lump.
0 It shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any bad product as long as there is a little girl -on -girl action.
1 Despite a calmer middle section that includes Aragon's dreams of arwen, this is even better than the community.
0 That such a terrible movie could have come out of such a big one is one of the worst movie tragedies of the year.
1 a lively and pleasantly cheerful family change.
1 Australian filmmaker David Plattman uses the huge screen format to make an old -fashioned nature film that trains the viewers with words and pictures and makes them entertaining.
1 "Mr. Actions" is a suitable summer entertainment that offers escape without great thought.
0 A lame, sweet home doesn't leave a southern cliche untouched.
0 Rice is too pedestrian, a filmmaker to bring any advance or personality to the emerging place that would separate it from other deep southern stories.
0 It is always disappointing when a documentary film is not able to match it or give a new insight into the chosen subject.
0 yet another iteration of what has become one of the spooky conventions of the film, in which the mentally handicapped are depicted with almost supernatural powers in order to humiliate, teach and ultimately rescue their mentally superior "friends," "family".
0 You may be offended that you wasted almost two hours of your own precious life with that silly little puddle of a movie.
1 Mr. Scorsese's bravery and integrity to advance this vision can hardly be underestimated.
0 Intellectually more frightening than dramatic.
0 The film is like a year late to tap into our reality TV obsession, and even later, because it takes advantage of the novelty of the ``webcast''.
1 Fun and fun.
0 When the casting call for this film ended, he must have read ``Looking for someone with an acting ambition, but no feeling of pride or shame'.'
0 The film is a desperate miscalculation.
0 What they do is a question of sanitary arrangements and mind games, without erotic or sensual charge.
0 plays like a shiny melodrama that occasionally lies on the camp.
0 What ultimately makes Windtalker a disappointment is the superficial way she deals with her history.
1 Polanski has found the perfect material to address his own world war II experience in his signature style.
0 The main story... is convincing enough, but it is difficult to dismiss the harassment of this chatty fish.
1 The film boasts at least some good ideas and shows some decent performances, but the result is disappointing.
1 It's no surprise that as a director, Washington demands and receives outstanding performance from himself and Newcomer Derek Luke.
1 If usually Martha is not surprising, it is still a sweet, even delicious distraction.
1 Top Action makes this romantic drama possible.
1 Roman Polanski's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than Shindler's list --it's more than just a holocaust movie.
0 Evans is not a Hollywood villain, and yet this grid almost makes you wish he'd gone the way of Don Simpson.
1 Confessions may not be simple biography, they don't offer much in the kind of Barris' motivations, but the film is a strangely fascinating portrayal of an architect of pop culture.
0 The inherent limitations of using a video game as a starting material -film are once again made too clear in this swallowy horror \action hybrid action.
1 takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights.
0 "moore is like an advanced bull in a china shop, a provocateur who plunges into ideas and interest groups while merging his own liberalism brand.
1 The film reminds me of a significantly improved German version of my great Greek wedding with better characters, some real peculiarities and at least a measure of style.
0 The star that sparked to "chase" and "changing lanes" is falling flat as a thinking CIA agent Jack Ryan this summer "the new action movie, the sum of all fears."
1 a good film with a solid pedigree both before and, more precisely, behind the camera.
1 a wonderful achievement by Allison Lohman as an identity -seeking foster child.
0 A slow -moving police processional thriller who takes his title too literally.
0 As Dahmer resorts to the standard Slasher Flick thriller, when he should be most in the mind of the killer, he misses a great opportunity to be truly vengeful about his psyche.
1 Leigh is not a novice, but he knows how a t -day grind of love can kill.
0 The master of disguise represents Adam Sandler's last attempt to silence the universe.
0 I cannot say this enough: this film is about a grown man dressed i n pink pajamas.
0 -lrb -a -rrb - boldly patterned, silently colored, one -dimensional nonsensical machine stroking the eyeballs as it evaporates like so much cryptanebula in the brain.
0 Once you experience Mr. haneke's sadistic tendencies towards his audience, you stay with a sour taste in your mouth and little else.
1 with so many bad romances out there, that's the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine.
1 about Schmidt is undoubtedly one of the best movies of the year.
1 It does not reach them, but the effort is gratefully received.
1 I also wanted some aliens as a friend!
1 the work of a filmmaker who has buried secrets in the heart of his story and knows how to take time to reveal them.
0 In order for this to work, we need agile performers, but the skilled, blunt Sorvino has no easy touch, and Rodan is out of his league.
1 The sand of Juliette Binoche is lively, but it is hard to feel that the force of the 19th century. Prosas is behind her childish smile.
0 Most storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots.
1 a powerful performance by Mel Gibson and a brutal 90 -minute combat sequence that does anything but a dog day and an M -16.
1 Woody Allen has really found his groove these days.
0 The writers dig deeper every time they throw logic and science into what is basically a "Dungeons and Dragons" fantasy with modern military weapons.
1 It's hilarious.
0 What might have been acceptable on the printed page of iles' book does not translate well to the screen.
0 Ice cubes are not entirely made of mature screwball ideas, but Friday afterward they distribute rather thinly.
0 Director David Fincher and writer David Koepp cannot sustain it.
0 mckay shows very little curiosity about the inner lives of the characters in his film, let alone include them in his story.
1 What elevates the film above the run -of -the -dirty gangster Flicks is his refusal to recognize one of the signposts, as if he discovers a path to the bitter end without a map.
0 It gets the details of its timeframe right, but it completely misses its emotions.
1 The story unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and ends with the clear clarity of autumn dusk.
0 What we have is a character faced with the possibility that their lives are meaningless, threadless and without substance, in a film that is definitely meaningless, vague and without substance.
1 with a cast of British actors, it's worth it, after.
1 It is refreshing that someone understands the necessity for the bad boy; Diesel, with its strong frame and cool, composed delivery, fits the bill perfectly.
0 For all its insights into the dream world of teenage life and its electronic expression through cyber culture, the film does not give a quarter to anyone who wants to draw a coherent story from its second period of life.
0 With lightning treatment as a cover for the lack of narrative continuity is undeniably almost incoherent, an excuse to come to the last fight...Until then it is impossible to care who wins.
1 Clooney directs this film and always keeps the balance between the fantastic and the believer.
1 Happy Time keeps an attractive veneer without becoming too sweet.
0 tv skit -com material stored glowing on the big screen.
1 a captivating film.
1 The cozy pace of the film is actually one of its strengths.
1 It will certainly not win any awards in the plot department, but it goes without claim and provides great time.
1 Most of the things that the original men in black have enjoyed so much are still there.
0 cold, sterile and without any colour or heat.
0 A "girls who have become wild" video for the Boho Art House crowd, the burning feeling is not a definitive countercultural document -- its makers are not distant and curious enough for this.
0 ...the film feels sewn together from floor situations and characters from other films.
1 with an obvious relationship with their actors and a striking style behind the camera,hOP233;l232ne Angel is definitely a director to see.
1 a deft, delightful blend of dull tea drama and overcoming obstacles sports movie triumph.
0 Men in Black II achieve ultimate meaninglessness... It is the Science -Fi Comedy Spectacle as Whiffle -Ball epic.
0 There's nothing to gain by seeing them.
0 The debut of ``project greenlaght''Winner is juicy and amateurish.
1 Your 20th trip shows a lot of stamina and vitality a n and look at this a n: Madonna's Cameo is not shit!
0 an absurd spider web.
1 a journey that is as difficult for the audience as it is for the protagonist, but it is potentially just as rewarding.
0 rather less than the sum of their inflated pOP2322Rs;re -fils confrontations.
1 an entertaining documentary that looks at the arguments that the immortal pieces of the bar were written by someone else.
0 Stay away.
0 Unlike the original Ringu with the current American adaptation, comparing the bad dead to the bad dead is similar.
0 Forget this crap, rent a pet house and go back to the source.
1 beautifully filmed and well played... but admittedly problematic in its narrative peculiarities.
1 If you've burned out on him, it's a wonderful marathon and bored with a Christmas song, it could just be the movie you're looking for.
1 The highlight of the film is definitely his screenplay, both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps from the side and for the unforgettable character creations.
0 The movie, like Bartleby, is kind of like a stiff... an extra dry office comedy that looks twice as long as its 83 minutes.
1 It is a kind of moral game of the 21st century with a Latino hip hop beat.
0 should not have been allowed to use the word `````new''in its title, because there is no original character, situation or joke in the entire film.
0 decent, but boring.
0 Get your asses out of here.
0 Humor in a spy is so anemic.
1 At least it's a pretty impressive debut by director Charles Stone iii.
1 If you have a place in your heart for Smokey Robinson, this film will prevail there.
1 If the film has a problem, it disappoints its brevity: they want the story to go on and on.
0 There is no new idea at the heart of this story.
1 This film is so different from the apple and so conspicuous that it can only encourage us to see Samira Makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensitivity working to develop her own film language with striking success.
0 This is a film in which the most remarkable observation is how long you sit.
0 technically and artistically incapable.
0 ...overly melodramatic.
0 Trouble every day is a success in a way, but it's hard to like a movie so cold and dead.
0 ...stumbles upon every cheap trick in the book that tries to make the indignation even easier.
0 In all the annals of the film few films were so strange, inexplicable and unpleasant.
1 The funniest and friendliest movie of all time.
0 very uneven and inconsistent. "Margarita Happy Hour" reminds of the cheap margaritas in.
0 The effort is sincere and the results are honest, but the film is so gloomy that it is hard to see.
0 The writers are no less a threat to society than the characters of the film.
1 a large budget'all -star film as unmistakably pure as the hours is a clear rarity and an event.
1 A hugely entertaining film, like nothing we've ever seen before, yet completely trusted.
0 Although the hero of history rediscovers his passion in life, the mood remains strangely detached.
1 deepa mehta offers an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of Bollywood in the Western world.
0 a cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps in revolutionary studios and imagine entertainment to give the fools out there $9 and 93 minutes of unattainable life.
0 Not once does it come close to being exciting.
0 It's a hell of a stunning experience to see, and it doesn't offer insights that haven't been thoroughly discussed in the media back in the mid -90s dahmarian flowering period.
0 The film is hampered by its predictable action and paper thin characters.
1 ...standard weapons against martial arts Klischee added with little new.
0 a noble failure.
1 Much of what we see is terrible, but it is also undeniably very clever.
0 There is no comedy moment in this romantic comedy.
0 Each pile is enough for one set.
1 The hook is the drama within the drama, as unsolved murder and as unsolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight.
1 A mud of bloody beauty, as vivid as any Skorsese has ever given us.
0 marinated in click high233s and macro dialogue.
0 This film, especially a certain scene, made me uncomfortable to lose myself at lunch.
1 In addition to gluing to the edge of the seat, the changing track is also a film of freshness, imagination and insight.
0 In the end, the film feels homogenized and somewhat ingrained, as if we are looking back at a torn and ugly past with pink glasses.
1 While the frequent references to gurus and doshas will meet some westerners, as they do on mumbo -jumbo... broad traces of common sense emerge with impeccable clarity.
1 The film is hardly a masterpiece, but it marks Ms. Bullock's best work in a time.
0 If you don't come to the movies with a skateboard under your arm, you're gonna feel like you're not invited to the party.
1 An energetic and captivating film that never pretends to be something it's not.
1 a fascinating history of musical passion for state opportunities.
0 A rumor that angels don't just slip away, it's avalanches into forced fuzziness.
1 thoughtless but remarkably thin spinoff from the inflated effects of last summer solidifies the mummy back.
0 What is so urgently needed, but what is practically lacking here, is either a thrifty dark humor or the feeling of poetic tragedy.
0 Stone seems to have a talent for covering the theatre in a cold blanket of urban despair.
1 "Alice's adventure through the looking glass and into the zombie land" is full of strange and wonderful creatures.
1 Late marriage is a family drama and black comedy filled with raw feelings and conveys despair and love.
1 Remember that.
1 very pleasant.
1 starts as a documentary drama, but builds its multi -character story with a flower.
1 The best comedy concert movie I've seen since Cho's previous concert comedy movie, I'm the one I want in 2000.
1 They will be moved at the end.
1 I haven't found a real Vietnam combat film actually produced by North or South Vietnamese, but at least now we have something pretty close.
0 While it is all very tasteful to look at, the attention process tends to escape a little.
1 a visual spectacle full of impressive images and effects.
1 It is always fascinating to see Marker of the Essayist at work.
1 Despite the unnecessary film distractions that have fallen on him, the film is still a good fun.
1 But even if his characters behave horribly, he's always sympathetic.
0 narc is all threat and atmosphere.
0 There is simply not enough interest on the screen to keep its seventy minutes running.
0 Irb Stevens is so excited to make an important film about human infidelity and events that he throws a kitchen sink on a story already covered in conspiracy.
0 Curys seems to be intimidated, both by her topic and by the time this debut enters the inheritance business.
0 It plays everywhere and never gains much momentum.
0 Being unique does not necessarily mean being good, no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone bankrupt.
1 The rare documentaries that contain so much of human experience, drama, conflict, tears and surprise that they transcend the normal divisions between fiction and non -fiction film.
1 Hashiguchi covers this area with wit and originality, indicating that with his fourth feature, the first to be published in the USA, a major director in world cinema.
0 When the Irb reno -rrb flies its radical flag by firing furiously at George W. Bush, Henry Kissinger, Larry King et al. Reno turns into a laughable lecture.
0 never take advantage of this concept and opt for the airy and amateurish feeling of an After School Special on the topic of tolerance.
0 Despite his visual virtuosity, "naqoyqatsi" is banal in his message and the choice of material to convey it.
1 While filmmaking is a bit fragmented, t is so fascinating that it does not interest you.
1 Paul Bethany is cool.
0 Collateral damage is trash, but they deserve extra points by pretending they're not.
1 It is anchored by excellent performances from an experienced screening veteran and a sparkling novice who immediately transform into a credible mother -daughter couple.
0 The not so small problem with the expectation is that the whole exercise has no real meaning.
1 If you have the wildly popular Vin Diesel in the equation, it adds up to big Box Office Dollar all but guaranteed.
0 the problem with all of this:it's not really funny.
0 An hour's photo may seem disappointing in its generalities, but it's the little nuances that perhaps had to pass by Director Mark Romanek's confident examination that finally got under the skin.
1 a modest surprise film.
0 It's impossible to indulge Janice's fantastic day dreams when her real personality is so charming and empty.
1 While the film follows Mr. Brown's sporting heroics, it is impossible not to be admired by the strength and grace of one of the greatest natural athletes of modern times.
1 It will remind them that the Hong Kong Actionkino is still alive.
0 With little jokes and even an original idea, this juicy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool.
0 She confuses her message with the ultimate desire to please herself and turn into an idea of expectation is the last thing these three actresses or their characters deserve.
1 It is a fine, focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never the sensationalist.
1 an encouraging story of small victories and lasting hope.
0 This franchise has not produced a single good film.
1 a tight, sobering film.
0 Practice in the formula crash -and -bash action.
0 It looks like everyone here is involved.
1 What distinguishes this romantic comedy from most Hollywood romance comedies is their low key way of dealing with what appears to be done to death material.
0 claims to sort the evils of the good, which is their main problem.
1 Surprisingly, the film is a fun adventure and I enjoyed it shamelessly.
0 Woo has as much right to make a big action sequence as any director, but how long will the filmmaker copy the "Saving Private Ryan" battle scenes before realizing that Steven Spielberg first understood correctly?
0 Although it starts so bad that you want to feel like a running scream, it finally works its way up to just bad instead of painful awful.
0 makes 98 minutes like three hours.
0 The point of a hairy dog story is, of course, that it leads nowhere, and that is classic nowhersville in every sense.
0 Shame on writer director Vicente Aranda for producing a florid biopic about crazy queens, obsessive relationships and reckless adultery so boring.
1 Spinning a web of blending entertainment may be overesting it, but ```Spider -Man''certainly delivers the goods.
0 like the Hanks character, it is a slow study: the action is stylish and the Tabloid energy embalmed.
1 A gripping poetry runs through Balzac and the little Chinese seamstress who transforms this story of love and culture into a cinematic poem.
1 ...is funny in the way you hurt with sadness -lrb - the way Czechow is funny -rrb - profound, without ever being self -important, warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality.
0 Paul Bettany is good at being the ultra -violent gangster, but the movie is definitely not number one.
0 Judgment: two bodies and hardly a laugh between them.
1 In xxx, diesel is the rare creature -- an action hero with table manners, and one that proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep.
1 On every frame of this stylish film is a strong landmark that can visualize the schizophrenia, but is nevertheless confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a healthy eye.
1 It's funny how the old saying goes, because it's true.
1 special camera mountings on bikes, skateboards and motorcycles provide an intense experience when sprayed over the huge Imax screen.
0 except in the context of the current political climate -lrb - see: terrorists are worse than ever! -rrb
0 a little weak... And it's not that funny.
0 Writer -director ritchie reduces Valutmuller's social customs and politics to tiring jargon.
1 An energetic drama of an alienated executive director reinventing himself.
1 One of those very rare films where the lecture alone is enough to get us involved.
0 An almost unbearably morbid love story.
0 a mean movie by someone who reads the catcher safely in the Roggen, but apparently suffers from Legasthenia
0 When they break into a sophisticated choreography, sing and snap their fingers, it would have caught my attention, but as it stands, I was always looking for the last exit of Brooklyn.
1 There is pure unbridled joy in the way history unfolds.
1 implicitly recognises and celebrates the glorious harassment and self -deception of this most American company, and for this reason it can be the strangest honest Hollywood document of all.
1 very well written and judged with brutal honesty and respect for his audience.
0 Hochstapler is a step down for director Gary Fleder.
1 moving and lively.
1 Jacquot's strategy allows its performers the advantage of delivering full performances while at the same time showing that the beauty and power of the opera lies primarily in the music itself.
1 Hawn and Sarandon form an acting bond that makes the Banger sisters into a fascinating character study that is easy to laugh at.
0 likes his most passionate fans puzzle.
0 In other words, it's worse than bad.
1 can be -lrb - tsai's -rrb - masterpiece.
1 one of the best, most underrated achievements of -lrb - jack nicholson's -rrb - career.
0 Finally, he took three minutes of dialogue, 30 -second action and turned it into a 90 -minute movie that feels like five hours.
0 the master of disguise falls under the category ``should a sketch be live on Saturday evening.'
0 shows holmes has the screen presentation to become a major league leading lady, -lrb -but -rrb - the movie itself is on profiler, a psychological mystery that takes it s sweet time building to a climax that's almost a surprise by the time it arrives.
0 But it wasn't.
1 Foster breathes life into a role that could otherwise fade and lead.
0 In the old -fashioned script jargon, Ms. sheve's novel proved too difficult to "lick" a text, despite the efforts of a first -class cast.
1 well played, well aligned and, for all its consistency, not too pretentious.
0 a tired, predictable, bordering on offensive, waste of time, money and celluloid.
0 There is no disguise as one of the worst movies of the summer.
0 frida is not so different from many Hollywood novels.
0 the original film follows virtually for the scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor
1 Scott Baio is doing a wonderful job on India projects.
1 the swimming brings the details right, from the promenade of the barely clothed bodies in Myrtle Beach to the adrenaline rush of a sudden noon noise in the diner.c.
1 like vardalos and corbett, who play their roles with lively charm, the film, directed by joel zwick, is cordial and funny in a way that cannot be faked.
0 A lame comedy.
1 consciously and dedicated built, far from heaven to picture postcard perfect, too neat and new pin -like, too obvious a rest to resonate.
1 Morvern rocks.
1 a pleasant combination of ethnography and all the intrigues, betrayal, fraud and murder of a Shakespeare tragedy or a juicy soap opera.
0 If science fiction benefits from the fact that its intended audience did not yet have much science, it does a bad service to the public and the genre.
0 The illiterate, often inert sci -fi Action Thriller.
1 As Janice, Eileen Walsh, a dashing, wide -eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth, gives the film a lot of its slender, glittering charm.
1 a film of silent power.
0 Overworked, melodramatic Bodyce Ripper.
1 Zhuangzhuang creates a delicate balance of style, text and subtext that is so simple and precise that anything disharmonious would upset the balance, but against all odds, does nothing.
1 Because the film is deliberately lacking in irony, it has a real dramatic effect; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama that we have somehow never seen before.
1 It's a very valuable film.
0 Bad movie.
0 Just when you think you understand it, something happens that tells you it doesn't make sense.
1 The rich performances of Friel and especially Williams, an American actress who becomes completely English, round off the squares.
0 The film heats up several old themes and is covered with senseless extremes -- it is insanely violent and very graphic.
0 an undiscovered attempt to film a classic play.
0 It's Pauly Shore terrible.
1 "She's out there"
0 A bitter attempt to make a weird brother -style, a down -and -dirty laugh for the female set.
0 What could have been at home when a sophisticated plot line in Steven Soderbergh's traffic fails at every satisfying destination.
1 Oh, James.
1 has some good, organic character work, many obvious political insights and little space to engage, imaginative filmmaking in its almost 2 -2 -hour length.
1 an emotionally and spiritually captivating journey seen through the right eyes, with the right actors and with the visual flair that shows what a great cinema can really do.
0 An incompetent, boring forgery of the'70s kung fu pictures, it contains almost enough Chucks for a three -minute sketch, and no more.
1 a vivid, sometimes surreal look at the mysteries of human behavior.
1 It's no coincidence that the random spy is a solid action pic that brings the martial arts champion to the top.
1 A wild comedy that could only come from the mad mind of the writer of John Malkovich.
1 It seems amusing, sad and reflective.
0 How can such a cold film claim to express warmth and longing?
0 The film didn't convince me t hat Calvin Jr.'s hairdresser's salon was a kind of glimmer of hope in the middle of Chicago's south side.
1 exciting documentary.
1 This cartoon adventure is that wind -in -the -hair intoxicating.
1 a winning piece of work filled with love for the films of the 1960s.
0 Your movie is like a beautiful food entrobot233e;, which is not properly heated so it ends a little cold and relatively tasteless.
0 The most agonizing 86 -minute you could survive this summer without a dental drill.
1 gives everyone something to scream about.
1 It's a setup as easy as it borders on easy, but keeping the movie from cheap shot mediocrity is his crack cast.
1 The castle is a risky undertaking that never quite goes where you expect it to go and often surprises you with unexpected comedy.
1 Deliciously mean -spirit and wryly observant.
1 As stupid and kitschy as they may be, the cartoons look almost Shakespeare, both in depth and in width, after viewing these digital effects - heavy, supposedly family -friendly comedy.
0 Although clearly well meant, this intercultural soap opera is painfully formal and stimulated.
1 Jones dealt with a fleshy theme and drew captivating characters while whistling pages with memorable zingers.
1 soothing, retro uplifting.
1 The most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984's uncircumcised version of Sergio leone's faulty but amazing once in America.
1 There are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church, synagogue or temple does not mean having to check your brain at the door.
1 This is unusual, food -for -thought cinema, this is as entertaining as it is instructive.
1 Much recognition must be given to the water camera control team of Don King, sonny miller, and Michael Stewart.
0 a sugar -coated rock whose valuable messages will be forgotten ten minutes after the last trombone.
0 What starts bright is put to sleep over 140 minutes.
0 painfully slow cliche films filled with more holes than clyde Barrow's car.
1 The best Pierce Brosnan James Bond movies to date.
1 drumline is the mere suggestion, though visually convincing, of a fully realized story.
0 To be able to influence humanity's greatest shame, reality shows, for God's sake!
0 Remove the controversy, and it's not much more visible than a Mexican soap opera.
0 The audacity to consider one of Shakespeare's better -known tragedies as a dark comedy merits discussion.
1 Undercover brother's success lies in his ability to manipulate both black and white stereotypes alike.
1 Too damn weird to miss, and for the blacklight people, much cheaper -lrb - and better -rrb - than pink Floyd tickets.
0 You expect more from director Michael apted -lrb -enigma -rrb - and screenwriter Nicholas kasan -lrb - reversal of luck -rrb - than this cliche pile.
0 Director Jay Russell weighs his moody tale with great sentimentality and lightness.
0 a benevolent ensemble melody that tries to make the best of a bumper, but never gets completely off the ground.
1 a moving and supportive comedy drama to support the reputation of director and co -writer Juan jos233.
0 It's all gone.
1 Work from a surprisingly sensitive script by Gianni Romoli...Ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls expected in such a potential sudsy setting.
0 Pretend your satellite results are below 120 and you won't notice the errors.
1 Funny funny and intimate knowing...
0 I can't remember the last time I saw more stunt editing or cheaper action output values than i n Extreme Ops.
0 It's Tommy's job to clean the peep cabins around her, and after you've seen this, you'll feel like you're cleaning up, too.
1 Each of these stories has the potential to be touched by an angel's simplicity and Sappiness, but thirteen conversations about one thing, for all its generosity and optimism, one never resorts to simple feelings of well -being.
0 There is... an ancient world of sexism that lies at the bottom until Monday morning that undercut its charm.
0 What a shame that a talented director like Chen Kaige is celebrating his English -language debut with such a poorly laid out and screenplay movie.
1 I liked many of the smaller scenes.
0 Some of the computer animation is good, and various funny sidekicks add much more ease to the otherwise dark story, but overall the film never rises above mediocrity.
1 beresford mixes in as much humor as Pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart.
1 nothing can affect the affection of this moral preference: friends become friends through thick and thin.
1 bring tissue.
1 a captivating, entertaining function.
1 As a director, Paxton is surprisingly brilliant at sewing together skillfully, which could have been a confusing and terrible vision into an intense and captivating headless.
1 Well done, but heartbreaking.
1 unstable masterfully balances both traditional and modern stories together in a way that you never overwhelm the other.
1 insured, shining and shot through with frantic despair.
1 a damn fine and truly distinctive and profound film.
1 The filmmaker Stacy Peralta has a striking editing style that does not always enchant with the monotone n story of Sean Penn, but he respects the material without sentimentalising it.
0 Despite its promising characters, great effort remains a loosely bound series of vignettes, which only proves that ``funny''does not necessarily mean ``funny.'
1 a surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy.
0 ...starts with a promise, but runs aground after being caught in his own tangled plot.
1 Although at what time Tsai's usual style and themes offer, it has a more colorful, playful tone than his other films.
0 a boring, inconsistent, dishonest image of women.
1 a must -see for the fans of thoughtful war films and those interested in the sights and sounds of battle.
1 With an unshakeable atmosphere of decadent urbanity, Everett remains a perfect wild actor, and a relaxed Firth shows impeccable funny skills.
0 Certainly not a slam dunk and sure to disappoint the action fans who are brought to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act, it still comes out as a touching, transcendent love story.
1 It has this rare quality of being able to sneak the hell out of you.
1 I encourage young and old to see this unique and entertaining turn in classic Wal's history... You won't regret it!
0 What runs for the 110 -minute panic room is a battle of happiness between a less bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals.
0 Compared to his earlier films, it seems to be a disappointingly thin piece of lower London life, despite the title... is surprisingly little.
0 The script was supposedly rewritten a dozen times -- either eleven times too many or otherwise too few.
0 The master of disguise may have done a big Saturday night live sketch, but it's not a great movie.
0 If we want to beat the protagonist Genevieve Leplouff because she is French, do we have the same opportunity to beat her creators because they are clueless and incapable?
0 I've had a lot more interesting... and, dare I say, thematically complex... Gut movements like this long on the shelf, point and shoot exercise in Gimmicky Crime Drama.
0 I've seen some bad singers turn actors, but lil bow wow takes the cake.
1 "Nicholas nickleby" is a perfect family movie to take everyone to because there is no new Christmas song this year.
1 It wouldn't hold over the long way, but right now Finch's story provides the forgotten joys of a Saturday matinee.
0 Was this movie nothing more than a lazy exercise to show a formula that worked five years ago, but has since lost its touch?
1 How good this movie could be depends on whether you think the shocking conclusion is too much or not.
0 A cellophane pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen, the fabulous spots...intersection is never much worse than thread or better than insignificant.
1 pretty good little movie.
0 if nothing else ``Rollerball''2002 than the only film in which the rest of the cast of ll Cool j was broadcast can end in film history.
1 Engel presents events partly from the perspective of Aurelie and Christelle and excites the film with the sensitivity of a particularly nightmare girl.
0 Nemesis suffers from a paunkhy middle section, several plotting action sequences and a sinfully opaque central theme.
1 Although he is not very critical, Godard can still be smarter than all the other 50s filmmakers who are still working.
1 The fascination comes in the power of the Huston performance, which seems so greater than life and yet so fragile, and in the way ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly, but is still unable to react.
0 -lrb -t -rrb - er Film is never sure to make a clear point -- even if he wants to rely on a ambiguous presentation.
0 This film is about the worst thing Chan has ever done in the United States.
1 Crazy.
0 The ya -ya's have many secrets and one thing is: the books are better.
0 Plot's contrivances are under an unpleasant strain.
1 a full and entertaining comedy that uses Grant's own acid content to prevent himself from succumbing to his own Bathos.
1 Children will love his imagination and adventures, and adults should appreciate his quirky humor.
1 The best works understand why Snbber is a better satirical target than the Americans.
1 The stars may be college kids, but the subject is as adult as you can get: the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a somewhat crazy, open -minded young woman, and a one -night swim turns into an ocean of trouble.
0 We liked little's other work, but roller ball left us cold.
1 both a great tour through 300 -century Russian cultural identity and an impressive technical achievement.
0 a clearly inactive film, city is conversation bordered by confessional.
1 smart and unflinching in his comic Barbs, hit it is a small but rewarding comedy that targets contemporary southern puberty and never lets go.
1 Soderbergh, like Kubrick before him, may not touch the skin of the planet, but understands the functioning of his mind.
1 One cannot deny the power of Polish film.
0 To forget the existence of this film would indeed be very sweet.
1 Even if it goes further than both, who has seen the hunger or the cat people will find little new here, but a tasty performance by Vincent Gallo lifts this story of cannibalism over the usual.
1 The beautifully choreographed ballet in the kitchen is simple but absorbing.
1 from the initial tribes of the average white band ``pick up the pieces''', you can feel the love.
0 Empire can't decide whether it's a gangster movie or an art movie.
0 The result is so tame that even slightly educated children would quickly change the channel.
1 a penetrating, potent research of holiness, self -recognition, self -hatred and self -determination.
1 thirteen conversations about a thing represent a narrative puzzle that binds individual stories together, and like a Mobius strip elliptical loop back to where it began.
1 Director Peter Kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting "chopsticks" and they take full advantage.
0 Telling stories feels easy.
1 witty, alive, and intelligent.
1 Despite its shortcomings, girls ca't swim presents a captivating and intimate first feature from a talented director, and it is a worthy entry in the French coming -of -age genre.
1 Interesting and completely unfaithful version of Carmen
1 Thanks to a small star with a big heart, this family movie sequel is a lot of fun for everyone.
1 for most of the distance the image offers a satisfying disturbing ride to the dark places of our national psyche.
1 It is a smart, funny view of a mysterious area of popular culture, and if it is not quite convincing, there is exposure to some talented actors.
0 We get the comedy we're happy with.
0 Incredibly accurate depiction of depression.
0 Schrrader wants to present an inflexible view of the demise of a man caused by his lack of self -confidence.
0 feels like the work of someone who has perhaps finally overcome his maturity and, perhaps more than he realizes, only wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work.
1 an extraordinary debut by Josh Koury.
0 ...a simple murder on campus.
1 The trust of the cannons and the loaded good spirits are with the drum routines among the saving graces of the film.
1 like a wonderful food, the red dragon satisfies with its ripe recipe, inspiring ingredients, certified cuisine and tasty presentation.
0 Feels more like a rejected X -Files episode than a credible account of a mysterious real event.
1 shows what is certainly the funniest and most accurate representation of the author block ever.
1 When it threatens to persist in serious dramaturgy, a moving visual sequence awakens us like a wave through swirling rapids or a leap from top to top.
1 surprisingly powerful and universal.
0 The story has its redundancies, and the young actors, not very experienced, are sometimes unspeakable.
0 Even Murphy's expert encomic timing and famous charisma do not save these efforts.
1 a captivating coming story, which can also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the Wireless Age.
1 an intelligent, multi -layered and deeply humanist, not to mention the gentle political -rrb meditation on the values of knowledge, education and the effects of cultural and geographical displacement.
0 if hill is not entirely his generation's don seal -lrb - or robert aldrich -rrb -, it is because there is no discernible feeling under the chest hair; it is all bluster and clicks233;
0 and not cliches, no matter how "inside" they are.
0 Strictly a "guy's movie" in the worst sense of the term.
0 A light, uneven action comedy that blends freely with French, Japanese and Hollywood cultures.
0 Irwin and his director never have a reasonable reason why we should pay money for what we can get on TV for free.
1 Can you stand the laugh?
0 "Leave" makes you leave the theater.
0 The film fails to present its literary talent and notoriety as something much more than a dirty old man.
1 not as good as the whole assembly, but a really strong second effort.
1 asks which truth cannot be seen firsthand, and specifically questions the ability of cinema to grasp the truth.
1 It is recommended to sit close to the back and blink to avoid noticing a really enormous lipstick -non -synching, but otherwise the production is reasonably elegant.
1 ...a solid, modest drama.
1 A formula family tearjerker tells with a heavy Irish brogue...accentuating instead of wavering, the action is saccharin thrust.
1 It's pretty solid -- not to mention well edited, so it certainly doesn't feel like a movie that goes beyond the two and a half characters.
0 The holiday message of the 37 -minute Santa against the snowman leaves much to be desired.
0 A vicious, incoherent chaos. A vicious robbery of David Cronenberg's brilliant'videodrome''
1 discursive but strangely captivating documentary film.
0 What is most offensive is not the squandering of a good occupation, but the denial of genuine sorrow and sorrow for the wrong spiritualism.
0 like a medium -sized network sitcom, usually harmless, appropriately amusing, but ultimately so weightless that a decent design in the auditorium could blow it off the screen.
1 a little melodramatic, but with enough hope to keep you engaged.
1 not only is it a charming, funny and beautifully designed import, it uses very little dialogue, so it is relatively easy to read and follow the action at the same time.
0 almost the whole film is confusing on one level or another, which Ararat must be much more demanding than it has to be.
1 Although the ultimate authority of a genre is lacking, there is a certain robustness in this captivating mix of love and bloodshed.
1 It is touching and tender and proves that even in grief you can find humor.
0 collapses after thirty minutes into a cheerful series of juvenile violence.
1 a lively feature about a reluctant young boy who longs for adventure and the chance to prove his worth.
1 payne constructs a funny ode to Central America and the Middle Ages with this unlikely odyssey, with a pathetic, lovable hero who is all too human.
0 a surprisingly flat read, walking from semi -baked setups and lazy.
1 grim, dazzling and unforgettable.
0 The film does not show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non -fan to find out what makes Wilco a big deal.
1 There are many laughs, and as a bonus, viewers do not have to worry about being exposed to farts, urine, faeces, semen, or other disgusting substances that overlap modern comedies.
1 much more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would make you believe.
1 Miller has developed a fascinating history of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection.
0 Sometimes there are very good reasons for certain films that are sealed in a glass and lie on a distant shelf indefinitely.
0 an immediately forgotten snow and hour workout extravagance, which is probably displaced by an avalanche of more appealing holiday season product.
1 Some movies suck you in despite their mistakes, and heaven is such a beast.
0 With a ``spy children''Sequel opening next week, why has he been playing with a despicable impersonator with a ```snl''like an 8 -year -old channel roberto benigni?
0 The melodramatic paranormal romance is an absolute low point for Kevin Costner.
1 In a summer of cloning, Harvard Man is something rare and captivating: a wild ride that relies on more than special effects.
1 so original in its basic concept that you cannot help but be caught up.
0 But even then I would recommend waiting for DVD and just skipping.
0 This new zeal comes from the age film is not really about anything.
1 Stopping offers piercing household drama with spikes of sneaky humor.
1 Mama Africa keeps that promise pretty well.
0 We hate -lrb - madonna -rrb - within the first five minutes of the movie, and it does not have the ability or presence to find every reason again.
1 much more intelligent and attentive than it was at first.
1 One looks at the reign of fire with reverence.
0 It's hard to tell what's in the abundance of this unfortunate Hackneyed film, directed by Scott Kalvert, about street gangs and turf fights in 1958 -Brooklyn -- stale cliches, unnecessary violence, or empty machismo.
0 The story is also as unoriginal as they come, has already been recycled more times than I would be interested to count.
1 You have already seen the city by the sea under a variety of titles, but it is worth another visit.
0 In one scene, we get a stab in football hooliganism, a double -edged heist by Quentin Tarantino's climate shooting -- and chopsticks explode.
0 is the kind of film that is critical -proof, simply because it aims so low.
0 For the civilized mind, a film like ballistic: ecks vs. sever is more a torture than an entertainment.
1 Another movie -- sometimes boring -- from a director many viewers would like to skip, but film lovers should learn.
0 My precious new Star Wars movie is a heartbreaking piece of crap.
0 a boring, simple and stereotypical story about drugs, death and insane indifference on the streets of downtown.
0 Throw Smoochy off the train!
0 an alternately harsh and juicy ethnic sitcom...You would be wise to send your regrets.
0 None of this is half as moving as the filmmakers think.
0 The carelessness of the youth is full, irritating in -lrb - this -rrb - marching and pointless French coming -of -age import of writer -director Anne -sophie birot.
0 a low -budget affair, bald cap was filmed on digital video, and the images often look greasy and blurry up to the point of distraction.
1 Irwin is so serious that it's hard to resist his requests to spare the animal world and respect its surroundings.
1 A wonderful film, I go home is so small, but flooded with wisdom and emotion.
0 The story is pitiful and the gags are childish. No.
0 Showtime is not very aggressive, but it can still feel like you never want to see a chase, an explosion or a shooting again.
0 With the last whistle you are convinced t hat this vile machine was a decent TV trip t hat simply does not have great screen magic.
0 First of all, for a movie that tries to be smart, it's pretty stupid.
0 And people make fun of me because I like show girls.
0 ...The story simply strikes in search of sharp observations and comes empty.
1 It has a caffeinated, sloppy brilliance, shining with ideas that you wish to have been developed with more care, but animated by an energy that shames the conscientious efforts of more disciplined advocates.
1 If you are not deeply touched by this film, check your pulse.
0 Whether i t's the worst movie of 2002 i s t, I can't say for sure: the memories of roller ball are faded, and I skipped the country bears.
1 Children, Christian or otherwise, deserve to hear the whole story of Jonah's despair, in all its agonizing, catch -22 glory, even if they spend years understanding it.
1 muccino, who directed from his own screenplay, is a smart spectator and the last kiss... offers more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex.
1 has a solid emotional influence.
0 Dogtown is hollow, complacent, and most boring of all.
0 The sweetest thing leaves a bitter taste.
0 one of the movies that are wired to offer a few modest pleasures when you have nothing else to see.
1 has enough brains, energy and genius to please not only the fanatical supporters on both sides, but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they are not interested.
0 Lawrence should stick to his day job.
0 stunning mute -witted and disturbingly creepy by Turns.
1 Buy is a complete actress, and this is a big, juicy role.
0 Maid in Manhattan proves that changing the sheets is easier than changing vague concepts when it comes to romantic comedies.
1 stimulating and stylish, though somewhat hermetic.
0 a clever but ultimately hollow Mockumentary.
1 Jacquot filmed the opera just as Libretto directs, ideal to capture the drama and poetry of the opera.
0 The misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle that is consumed and forgotten.
1 From a deceptively simple premise, this deeply moving French drama develops an amazing story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening study of modern times.
1 unexpected and often contradictory truths emerge.
1 has the ability to bring about change and inspire hope.
0 Even if you're an Elvis person, you can't find anything to look forward to on this DVD.
1 The three stories of the writer and director Danny Verete include a powerful and somewhat fulfilling figure.
1 Author \ Director Walter Hill is here in his hypermine element, once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that would be completely forgotten in many other hands.
1 Goldbacher is characterized by an elegant visual sense and a talent for simple, seductive walks. But she and her writing partner Lorrance Coriat do not have an equally secure narrative coin.
1 The script is smart and dark -halleluja for small favors.
1 Even if we know the result, the appearance of the general fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has given the stomach -boil tension of a legal thriller, while the testimony of witnesses gives the film a resonant undertone of tragedy.
1 You don't just see history, you're consumed by it.
0 I am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by everything that is shown here.
1 We're attracted to the dark glow.
0 The darker elements of hostility towards women and unprovoked violence suffocate the lighting created by the two daughters and the scarce moments of humor that are to shine through the gloomy film Noir Schleier.
0 It's not a big monster movie.
1 It is a beautiful, sad dance highlighted by kwan's unique directing style.
0 It is so depressing and almost humorless that it will be an annoying task to sit through, despite some first -class achievements through his leadership.
1 The French occupation is Marveilleux.
0 If the title is a question of danger, then the answer might be, "How does Steven Seagal come to us these days?"
1 the imperial club, ruthlessly in its own quiet way, finds one of our most conservative and hidebound film traditions and gives it new texture, new relevance, new reality.
1 that storytelling has a value cannot be denied.
0 The whole thing comes as a particularly amateurish episode of enchantment that takes place during the spring break.
0 It's hard to believe something so short could be so loose.
1 It quickly sets its unhelpful mood and tension, and if the tension never rises to a higher level, it is nevertheless overcome.
0 Solondz might be the only one laughing at his own joke.
1 Deep intelligence and a warm, enveloping affection breathe from every frame.
0 swinging, the film makes it seem, is not a hobby that draws young and fit.
0 There is a reason why half -time is only fifteen minutes long.
1 Ends up being both vindictive and narcissistic, getting an honest insight into relationships that film most high -concept Bonboncoat movies with pat Storylines, precious circumstances and beautiful stars.
1 In your own way, it becomes you.
0 Behind the glitz, Hollywood is mean and disgusting.
0 This mild farce, led by one of its authors, John C. Walsh, is kitschy in a way that is an expiration date that passed a long time ago.
0 with very little to add, apart from the dark visions that have already been transmitted by excellent predecessors such as swimming with sharks and the player...can deter both insiders and outsiders.
1 significantly better than the 2002 children's competition.film.
1 This is an elegant, balanced film. Every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do that doesn't even reveal a hint of art.
1 Cox creates a liquid and hypnotic sequence of images that correspond to the words of nijinsky's journals.
0 with the exception of mccoist, the players have no indication of the park.
0 Not a lot of good acting is enough to save Oleander's uninspired history.
0 It's everyone's fault.
1 evokes the 19th century with a delicacy that is an object hour in the time of filmmaking.
0 a strange, random and inconsequential romantic comedy.
0 ...Another example of Sandler losing his grade.
0 a terrible amount like one of -lrb - Speers'-rrb - music videos in content --except that it takes at least 90 more minutes and, worse, that you have to pay if you want to see it.
0 sound and clich2d233d to an error.
0 ...built on the premise that the middle class of Arkansas consists of monster trucks loving good old boys and peroxide blonde Honeys, whose worldly knowledge comes from TV reruns and supermarket tabloids.
0 zellwer's tiny pouy -lipped poof face and spindelig attempt to play a ingen makes her nomination as best actress even more
1 Holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize the disorder of life from the inside out, in all its strange peculiarities.
0 I want my money back.
0 No one involved, except Dash, shows the slightest talent for acting, and the script, published by Director Abdul Malik Abbott and ernest ``tron''Anderson, seems completely improvised.
1 It is the kind of effectively scary -scary thriller that sometimes fixates you on a far corner of the screen because your nerves just can't take it anymore.
0 Trouble every day is a blatant mess.
1 Well -made supernatural thriller with sharp insights into parapsychological phenomena and the emotional nuances of the mourning process.
1 If there's no art here, it's still a good yarn, which is no sneezing these days.
0 The cumulative effect of this 65 -minute trifle is more like being trapped, while a strange relative displays the video he took from family vacation in Stonehenge.
1 Their pure dynamics are contagious.
1 The film is somewhat entertaining, although it begins to pass two thirds when the melodramatic aspects begin to overtake the comedy.
1 At the same time heartbreaking and very funny, the last kiss is really all about performances.
0 Read your scripts before signing the deleted line.
1 Jackson and Co have restored the value and respect for the concept of epic cinema.
0 a pathetically inactive and unimaginable cross between xxx and vertical boundary.
1 Max poker, provoked, takes expressionist license and hits a nerve. When it comes to art, the mission is accomplished.
1 The power of the shanghai ghetto, a documentary film by then janklowicz man and amir man, rests in the voices of men and women, now in their 70s who lived there in the 1940s.
0 "Punch -drunk love is so convinced of her own brilliance that if she were a person, you'd smash his face
0 a sentimental chaos that never sounds true.
1 a fascinating case study on the flower power exemption and the price paid for it.
0 Irb - janey -rrb - forgets her other obligations, which leads to a tragedy that is somehow devastating from the first few minutes, perhaps because it reflects the meanwhile unbearable morbidity of so many current films.
0 The only problem is that in the end no one in the audience or in the film is really interested.
0 a film without surprise aimed at maximum comfort and familiarity.
0 ...Although this idea is "new", the results are tired.
1 remarkable for its excellent storytelling, its economic, compressed characterizations and for its deep humanity, it is an adventure story and history lesson all in one.
1 Mike white's deft combination of serious subject and dark, funny humor make the good girl's movie worth watching.
1 A film that is best appreciated by those who are willing to endure its extremely long rhythms, the waiting for happiness is ultimately thoughtful without much dramatic impact.
0 This could be the first cartoon that ever looked like it was shown on the projection surface of a sports bar.
1 It's a treat... a delightful, funny, incredibly romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score...Grant and Bullock make it look like they're having so much fun.
0 The problem is that filmmakers don't get smart ideas and visual gags half the way.
0 Even if Crush drives away from the 4w formula... it feels like a shiny repetition.
1 nair does not deal with the problems easily.
1 a captivating movement depicting an American tragedy.
0 It's so painful.
1 smart, sassy interpretation of the oscar wild play.
1 There's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the Bourne identity, packed with just as much intelligence as action.
1 The film by the writer Bart Friendly eventually becomes a simple story about a dysfunctional parent -child relationship, it has some special qualities and the spiritual gravity of the anchorage of crudop.
1 The early and middle passages are surprising how much they engage us and even touch us.
1 Irb - cho's face is -rrb - an amazing slapstick instrument that creates an album with live crime photos.
0 If ever such a reliable concept has been blurred in its execution, it is.
0 his -lrb -nelson's -rrb -script needs a serious re -working to show more of the dilemma rather than having his characters staging pranks on it.
0 Terminal brain death production.
1 Irb --Grant --rrb --goes beyond his normal flattering and stuttering and captures the soul of a person in pain who gradually recognizes it and deals with it.
0 The film suffers from two deadly diseases, a lack of vitality and a story that is well -shaped and untrue.
0 Bigelow treats the nuclear crisis sequences evenly, but milks drama when it should build tension, and pulls out too many scenes at the end that should move fast.
1 While most films are nothing nowadays, this film seems to be everything that haunts the human spirit in an tirelessly globalizing world.
0 In his previous film one feels that kindly carries a heavy but obscure complaint against fathers and obsessively circles them without making contact.
0 well meant, but unoriginal.
1 It's an attempt to see this film, but it pays off and is effective if you stay with it.
1 It burns the images, the characters and its powerful dialogue, not its action leading the way to the city centre.
1 The real triumphs in Igby come from Philippe, who makes Oliver much more interesting than the character's lines would suspect, and sarandon, who could not be better than a cruel but strangely sympathetic wasp mattress.
0 The quiet American is not a bad movie, it is just one who could easily wait for your money per view dollar.
0 Nope. Nope.
0 kapur weighs down history with false declarations of intent.
1 My big, fat Greek wedding is that rare animals are known as "a perfect family movie" because it's about family.
1 Even though many of these guys are less than adorable -lrb -their complaints are pretty selfish -rrb - there's something vital about the movie.
1 The film by Holofcener does not offer the sum of its parts, but only enough insight to not make it easy, and the cast of the ensemble is committed enough to keep you from moving too often in your chair.
0 an ugly, disgusting movie.
1 If you're in Splitter movies, you'll probably have a pretty good time with the salt lake.
0 the characterization and dialogue lack of depth or complexity, with the ironic exception of scooters.
1 Ghetto shanghai may not be as dramatic as Roman Polanski is the pianist, but his compassionate spirit rises every bit as high.
0 But it's hardly a necessary enterprise.
1 The two previous titles of Ratliff, Plutonium Circus and Fegefeuer County, show his preference for weird configurations, and this film is part of this delicate cannon.
0 It's more likely to drown an audience in boredom than to send some trembling frost to his spine.
0 It is a shame that history and its underlying themes... finally seem so impersonal or even superficial.
0 As it says, the crocodile watcher has combined the hasty, poorly paved view of the 1959 Godzilla, the scenes of a Japanese monster flicker with cans of Raymond Burr commenting on the way to the destruction of the monster.
1 Leigh manages to deliver a dramatic punch to the face, which is both painful and refreshing.
0 I liked the original short stories, but this film is also an hour and twenty minutes too long and goes nowhere.
0 It's the kind of under -inspired, bloated corporation that gives Hollywood sequels a bad name.
0 The film begins with a legend and ends with a story that has come so far that it would be impossible to believe if it were not true.
0 really feels like a short stretch to feature length.
1 an airy mixture of art, history, esoteric thinking and philosophy.
1 Unexpected moments of authentic impulsive humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet, unusually sincere film, which is the frank humanity of...emotional recovery.
1 is a document about what it felt like to be a New Yorker, or really to be a human being, in the weeks after 9 \\11.
1 My wife works just as well as she does because the Leads -rrb are a social couple.
1 Nicholson's silly, heartfelt, hypnotic King Lear is all over the place.
1 a comedy that is warm, inviting and surprising.
1 Hatfield and Hicks make the strangest of couples, and in this sense the film becomes a study of the gambling of the publishing world and offers a case study that exists alongside all the political implications of the film.
0 The film is so invented, senseless and formal that, when you think about it, the day -old shelf would be a suitable place to store it.
1 This sensitive, smart, smart, convincing, approaching drama deepens into the passive -aggressive psychology of co -dependence and the struggle for self -esteem.
1 enigma looks great, has solid action and a solid premise.
0 Someday they're gonna have a showdown, but until then, your senses are as fuzzy as peas, and you don't care who fires the shot.
1 as warm as it is wise, decently rooted humor with a underlying seriousness that creeps on the viewer, providing an experience that is richer than expected.
0 God's Ode to Fight the Miracle of Life is a feeble and incoherent manifesto about the blurring of topical excesses. In the praise of love remains a petty and presumptuous undertaking that is unfocused and tiresome.
1 This finished midnight movie would probably not stand the cold light of day, but under the right conditions it is silly -lrb - if not quite healthy -rrb - fun.
0 hindered by a self -indulgent script that strives for poetry and in the end sounds like satire.
0 Although it is prone to a mistake, it is often overwritten, with a breeze of heavy revelations, floral dialogue and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken.
0 several uninteresting, unbelievable people do bad things to each other and together in ``unfaithful'.'
0 ...a little Annie with a boy who doesn't play, just echoes of Jordan, and the funny actor Crispin Glover who ruins everything.
1 This version is suitable for both Stevenson and the Science -Fi genre.
0 Surprisingly, since Baird is a former film editor, the film is rather delicate.
1 Directed by a safe and measurable hand, lrb - haneke -rrb - is guided by the sensational and instead offers an unflinching and objective view of a decidedly perverse pathology.
0 ...It wasn't the object that finally defeated the film. It was the unfulfilling, improper, ```wait a second, did I miss something?''
1 Wiseman is patient and uncompromising, having his camera observe and record the lives of women who have been torn apart by a legacy of abuse.
1 It is a fascinating and frightening story, and the Laramie project is worth reminding us that this kind of thing is actually still happening in America.
1 sub also spoofs and celebrates the more oute aspects of ``black culture''and the dorker aspects of ``white culture'', even as it points how indivisible the two are.
0 full frontal, which is now being opened nationwide, could almost be classified as the movie industry satire, but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that the genre's definitive, if dishonest, feature.
0 The film is too much for children and too much for adults.
0 Couldn't someone take Rob's cutter and have him switch with a funny person?
0 in the wrong hands, i.e. Peploe's, e it's just unbearable
1 What saves it... and makes it one of the better video game -based patches, is that the film recognizes in front that the action makes no sense, so the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for the protagonist Alice.
0 Like an after -school special with gianni versace costumes, crazy love looks better than it feels.
1 a strong script, powerful direction and magnificent production design allows us to be transported into the life of wladslaw spielman, who is not only a pianist but also a good man.
1 miller tells this very captivating story with little lifting or noise, competently the tension from quiet.
0 It has no effect on the Kurds, but it has pulled me down.
1 the wanton slipperity of *corpus and its lovely shaking and forming of physical time and space would make it a great piece to see and use with children to introduce video as art.
1 The real star of this film is the score, as in the songs well translate to film, and it is really well aligned.
0 Instead of letting the laughers come as they can, Lawrence unleashes his brand of female hostility... You, Comedy... like a human volcano or a overflowing septic tank, make your choice.
0 This tux... should be sent back to the tailor to make some major changes.
0 Have you ever seen one of those comedies that seems like a bad idea from the first picture?
1 The film is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wonderful beats the world has to offer.
1 For most of his recordings, the new thriller proves that director M. Night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that Mel Gibson can chew, shake and even tremble without losing his machismo.
0 Quite transparently, the screenplay's endless attack on shameful ham fist sex jokes that smell like a screenplay description is designed to give the film a ``cooler''pg -13 rating.
0 the performances are so exaggerated, the effect comes as a self -parody.
0 In terms of performance, this film is careless and unprepared.
1 The story finally takes hold and takes hold hard.
0 The whole movie is just a lazy exercise in bad movies that asks you not only to expose your disbelief, but also your intelligence.
1 It places Washington as an honest worker John q. archibald on a pedestal, and then raises the pedestal higher.
0 I haven't been this disappointed in a movie in a long time.
1 a fascinating and frustrating documentation.
1 a directional tour de force by bernard rose, ivans xtc.
0 Unfortunately, an hour photo lives up to its title.
0 For a guy who's been waiting three years with no breath for a new Hal Harley movie to think about it, no such thing is a big disappointment.
1 beautifully produced.
1 a captivating drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of nursing homes and a bitter struggle to free herself from her dangerous and dominant mother
1 Lee's performance extends to his smooth understanding of the role Brown played in American culture as an athlete, a movie star, and a picture of black indomitability.
1 It is definitely an improvement on the first blade, as it does not take itself so mortally seriously.
1 But this equals in the heart what is lacking in absolute novelty.
0 The most memorable moment was when green medical equipment threw at a window; not because it was particularly funny, but because I had a serious urge to throw the old lady at the end of my walker's and throw her on the screen in frustration.
0 the premise of the "leaving" promising its delivery is a complete mess.
1 shyamalan provides numerous clues along the way -- myriad signs --if you will -- that beneath the familiar, funny surface is a much bigger, much more meaningful story than one in which small green men come to harvest on the earth.
0 Call me a cynic, but there's something terrible about every movie with a life -affirming message.
0 We were wondering if... any unpaid intern had just written ``chris rock''''''''''Anthony Hopkins''and'terrorists'' into a univac -like typewriter.
0 It is hard to imagine that even very small children are impressed by this tired retread.
1 The art direction is often exquisite, and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized by clever make -up design, so one can hope that the later DVD release offers subtitles and the original Italian soundtrack.
0 The problem with Angel movies is that they tend to sneak into Hokum.
0 Lazy filmmaking, with the director taking a step -by -step approach like he had to shape history to show us why it's compelling.
1 like smoke signals, the film is also permeated by strong themes of family ties and spirituality, which are powerful and moving without bending to a basic melodrama
0 As with so many Merchandised -to -the -max movies of this kind, more time seems to have gone in to recruiting the right bands for the playlist and costuming the stars than in to the script, which is a handful of clever jokes and not much more.
1 The pictures of the film give the company a backbone and give an emotional lead to its final demise.
1 The American instigator Michael Moore's film is a banal study of American weapons culture, which uses its usual form of cross -examination by comparison.
0 Press the Delete button.
1 ...the kind of conversation parents love to see their children.
1 For all its visual panache and captivating supporting characters, the heart of the film rests in the relationship between Sullivan and his son.
1 Imamura said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem about the enduring strengths of women.
0 a grid, demarcated.
0 It is sudden, formless, and yet it must be admitted, not entirely humorless.
0 with a tone as variable as cinematography, Schaeffer's film never engages in the light -footed magic that the material needs, and the characters''Characteristics and films never become charm.
0 a very slow, quiet ride around a pretty torn old carousel.
1 Jackson is always visible.
1 Showtime is a good -looking movie with a bounce score and a collection of lively songs for a decent performance.
0 mib ii is a film that allows the viewer to sleep for a few minutes or to make several runs to the concession stand and the toilet and not to feel as if he or she had missed something.
1 ...bright, intelligent, and humanly funny movie.
0 Too bad Kramer couldn't be a guest to cheer things up.
1 300 -year -old Russian history and culture compressed into a fleeting, seamless and lush stream of consciousness.
0 The modern remake of Dumas' story is long on narrative and -lrb - too -rrb - short on action.
0 Seagal is painfully foolish when he tries to hold on to what's left of his fitting''barest glory'.
1 the entertaining undercover brother, a funny mix of Saturday night live parody, 70s blowout movies and silly action comedy that's gone wild, dishes from a ton of laughter that anyone can enjoy.
1 Fantastic.
0 There is no spark of new inspiration in it, only more of the same, done with significantly less energy and imagination.
1 Red Dragon is fun.
0 Hopefully you wait too long to shoot your film in an unexpected direction, and even then your tone retains a genteel, prep -school quality that feels dusty and leather bound.
1 Secretary is simply too original to be ignored.
1 While Cherry does not fully survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thrillers, it has just enough charm and attractive character traits to forgive this still serious problem.
0 The lack of naturalness makes everything seem self -confident poetic and forced. It is a pity that the performance of -lrb - nelson does not match his ambition.
1 The novel of colonialism and Graham Greene's empire is enhanced by Michael Caine's performance as a tired journalist in a changing world.
0 The film is composed of older films so decisively that it even uses a completely unnecessary prologue just because it appears obligatory.
1 My big, fat Greek wedding is not only the best date movie of the year, it's also a -- dare I say it twice -- charming and totally American -- I might add -- piece of comic bliss.
1 An off -beat and fantasy movie about the human need to blame monsters for everything that's wrong in the world.
0 This thing doesn't work for me at all.
0 a selection of scenes in search of a movie.
1 One of the most glorious and adrenalized extreme shockers since the death of evil.
0 We have the clear impression that this franchise is coming to an end.
0 an unholy mess, driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on a pathetic videotape, it has to be ``hip', ``````````````innovative''and ``realistic'.
0 In the end, the weight of the water resembles the kind of soft core Tuddle you would expect in the showtime's ``red shoe diaries'.
1 meticulously discovers a trace of outrageous violence and covetous concealment.
1 Although the ring has a familiar ring, it is still unusually clever and intelligent for Hollywood Horror.
1 Time to see a beautiful movie, an interesting and sometimes captivating loss and loneliness.
1 a moving and weighty depiction of the attempts of a family to heal after the death of a child.
0 It is replaced by some dramatic scenes that are gripping and deeply out of place, in what should have been -lrb - and probably -rrb - a cheerful comedy.
1 Even if you do not understand what is going on on on Earth, it is a film t hat will stimulate hours of discussion after considering, if only to be reminded who did what to whom and why.
0 ...It was painful.
1 Most truthfully, this gloomy picture appears slowly, intelligently, artistically.
1 The story may be 127 -year -old, but el crimen del padre amaro...In his desperate vision of corruption within the Catholic establishment, it could not be more contemporary.
0 Wait till you see it.
0 Unless there are zoning regulations to protect your community from the most boring science fiction, the scavenger is opening today in a theater near you.
1 does a good job of creating a time and place, and telling a fascinating character's story.
0 It was supposed to be a romantic comedy. It suffers from too much normal rae and not enough pretty woman.
0 tries to work in the same way as the brilliance of the animal house, but instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds continuation.
1 For those who boast of refined, sophisticated taste, this may not seem like the right cup of tea, but it is almost guaranteed that even stuffiest cinema visitors will have their \\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\ for an hour and a half.
1 a film with contemporary political resonance, illustrated by a winning family history.
0 Disney searches his archives again for a quick follow -up.
0 payami tries to address some serious issues about Iran's electoral process, but the result is a film as subtle as a party political broadcast.
0 one of the incoherent functions in newer memory.
1 a fierce, tender joy.
1 Brosnan gives a presentation as solid and as perfect as its excellent performance as a tie to the other day.
0 The problem with the chaos in formula 51 is not that it's offensive, but that it's boring.
1 a three -hour film master class.
1 A bizarre comedy in Newfoundland, skillfully telling the dry joke so widespread on the rock.
1 It may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking, but it's unshakeable and captivating.
1 Caruso sometimes descends into sub tarantino sweetness. But he mostly makes the salt lake work the way a good noir should, holds it tight and nasty.
0 The rest of the movie... is dudsville.
1 brutally honest and with humor and sensitivity tells what resonates his message.
1 ...a good film that must have confused the people in the marketing department.
0 Director uwe boll and writer Robert Dean minor fail to generate an interest in an unsympathetic hero in a complex plot that, while skillfully worked out, cannot overcome blah signs.
0 The metaphors are provocative, but too often the viewer is confused by the mechanics of delivery.
0 works better in conception than in execution... and ends up as if it were just a little too clever.
1 Wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting action make this film a highly captivating film.
1 a daring and charming -rrb experiment that will almost certainly bore most viewers into their own bright dreams.
1 a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vivid in memory long after considering
0 If one of them writes this credit on his resume in the future, it'll be a lot more fun than anything else in the movie.
0 After you have laughed once -lrb - maybe twice -rrb -, you will have completely forgotten the movie until you return to the car in the parking lot.
0 The Chanukkah spirit appears to be roasted in pork.
1 There are many scenes in frida that work, but rarely are they connected to the title character itself.
1 It's Scott's convincing portrayal of Roger, the sad cadre who really gives the film its oomph.
1 4ever has the same suggestion hammer appeal as poker videos, but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches slower.
1 a terrifying story of one of the great crimes of the 20th century. Frances: the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933.
0 Despite all the closed -door hanky panic, the film is essentially without juice.
0 It's a long bore.
0 If you're curious to see the dark side of what's going on with young TV actors... Irb Dawson Laury did something? !? -rrb -, or see some interesting storytelling devices, you could check it out, but there's nothing very attractive about this movie.
1 It has a charming and resourceful hero; a lisp, reptilian villain; great fights; big hair; wasteful period of scenery; and a story just complicated enough to let you enjoy in your own wisdom as you find it.
0 None of this is very original, and it's not very funny.
1 Ice time won't let go of your jaw, but it'll warm your heart, and I'll give him a strong thumb up.
1 a delicious Masala.
1 but it has a saving grace.
1 One cannot deny its seriousness and quality.
1 piccoli gives an excellent performance full of deep feeling.
1 It'll keep you awake and... very tense.
0 an empty, pointless exercise.
0 Too bad.
1 rich in a shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword, Jiang Whom's devil at the door is a war farce in the alternately funny and abdominal pain style of Joseph Heller or Kurt Vonnegut.
0 can be classified as one of these "alternative reality" films. Except that it would have worked so much better to act in just one reality.
0 Despite some strong performances, never rises above the level of a Telanovela.
0 painfully padded.
0 The sum of all fears is remarkably shaken by motives and context, which gives off the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots -lrb - or Kinositze -rrb -.
1 a diverse and amazingly articulated occupation of Palestinian and Israeli children.
1 highly recommended consideration for his courage, ideas, technical competence and great acting.
1 None of this is significant or unforgettable, but neither is frost, and you wouldn't turn down a big bowl of it, would you?
1 a captivating documentary showing how deep antagonism lies in war -torn Jerusalem.
1 I had a dream that a clever comedy would come to rescue me from a summer of teenagers driven by toilet humor codeswallop, and her name was serious.
1 a delightful surprise, because despite the backstage drama, this is a film that tells stories, the work -- is charming, moved, funny and looks professional.
1 Festival in cannes offers a rare insight into the structure of relationships for all jokes and hooples.
0 Every joke is at least repeated... annoying, isn't it?
1 "anyone who has a passion for cinema, and indeed sex, should see it as soon as possible."
1 a refreshing change from the usual cookie cushions directed at the youth market.
1 ...an interesting piece of history.
0 only for dance compilers.
0 It has the air of a surprisingly youthful lark, a pop -influenced prank, whose charm immediately visible and thin with repetition.
0 It's not interesting.
0 Bray is completely at sea; with nothing but a wild garden music video in his resume he has no idea how to make a movie.
1 a lyric of transgression.
0 Apparently, a vehicle to present the Canadian's stupid sayings. Stealing Harvard is a buffet of Soliloquies over nothing that former Mr. Drew Barrymore delivered.
0 Confusion is one of my least favorite emotions, especially when I have to deal with 146 minutes of it.
1 Road to damnation shows greatness, and it's worth seeing.
0 In the end, Sarah's commitment to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic, and nothing in the movie makes a compelling case that a woman's broken heart outweighs the loss we're experiencing.
1 An intense and effective film about loneliness and the cool anonymity of the surroundings in which so many of us spend so much time.
0 One of the worst movies of the year.
0 like a soft drink that has been open for too long: there is too much syrup and not enough fizz.
0 It's a shame that writer director Adam Rifkin is putting everything into a conspiracy as crafty as one of the Golden Eagle carpets.
0 it has more with a fireworks display than a movie that is normally expected with characters and a storyline.
1 a fascinating mix of character portraits, romantic comedy and beat -the -clock thrillers.
1 manages to do without much of a story.
0 ...an hour and a half of harmless, unmemorable filler.
1 It may take his wet time to get where it's going, but if you have the patience, you won't feel it's wasted yours.
0 Ultimately, the film never recovers from the clumsy Clich233 of the ugly American abroad, and the overzealous statement Ms. Paltrow uses to authenticate her British personality is another liability.
0 In the book -on -tape market, the film of ``the kid stays in the picture''would be a short edition
0 It's bad, but certainly not without merit as entertainment.
0 High Crimes is a cinematic crime, a routine criminal thriller that is only remarkable for its lack of logic and the abuse of two fine actors, Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd.
0 Filmmakers of the project forgot to record something even half scary as they poorly erect fatal attraction in a high school setting.
1 A high -spirited friendship film about the reunification of Berlin anarchists arrested fifteen years after their crime.
1 ...one of the most entertaining monster movies in years...
1 an infinitely funnier version of the Home Alone formula.
0 without any of the features that made the first film so special.
1 Success where his youngest predecessor fails miserably because he demands that you suffer the horrors of war on both sides.
1 fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict, inseparably linked by family history, each sees himself in the other, he does not like what he sees.
1 Everyone is insecure in a charming and amazing film about mothers, daughters and their relationships.
0 Contrary to the lazy material and the unseen appearance of the finished product, director Fisher Stevens inexplicably withdraws key moments from the film in watchful colours.
0 It is also curious to note that this film, like the similarly unspectacular antitrust, is slightly as bad in a fraction of the budget.
0 Don't let the subtitles fool you; the film only proves t hat Hollywood no longer has a monopoly on pointless actions.
0 The only kind of life that resembles this brilliant comedy drama are those in the formulas mainstream movies.
1 Fulford, a wiseguy, catches the wise beyond her teenage years.
0 You see the movie and you think, zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.
1 Much of this glittering and proverbial cgi feature is funny enough to amuse even the resolutely unreligious parents who accompany their little ones to megaplex screenings.
1 a strictly targeted, highly professional film, which is old -fashioned in every way possible.
1 Confessions are without doubt an unforgettable setback by King Hunk.
1 best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real events.
0 This is a heartfelt story. It's just not very involved.
1 Schnitzler does a good job to contrast the cunning of the film with the playful paranoia of the film's past.
1 In his first film, George Clooney presents this completely ridiculous, shaggy dog story as one of the most creative, energetic and original comedies to be seen on the screen for years.
0 "Martin Lawrence Live" is so self -indulgent, I almost expected there to be a collection for the comedian at the end of the show.
0 The script makes too much sense, norton has to recite faded police procedural details, fiennes walks around to seem strange and distant, hopkins looks like a drag queen.
0 If Oscar had a category called "best bad movie" that you thought was really terrible, but it wasn't, the guys would probably kick it out with the queen of the damned for honor.
0 Anyone who, for any reason, thinks of seeing this film will receive a fair warning.
0 I couldn't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy.
0 the latest Vapid Actors exercise to enrich the structure of Arthur schnitzer's.
1 The direction of majidi was never smoother or safer.
0 There's only one way to kill Michael Myers forever: stop buying tickets for these movies.
1 Fear permeates the whole story, Todd Solondz,'often funny', but ultimately cowardly self -criticism.
0 Lies accumulate, undermine the reality of the film and suffocate the strange voice of its creator.
0 but harmless.
0 like an album with photos, accompanied by sketches of subtitles.
0 Judd's characters were supposed to pick up the hardworking bestsellers smart women, foolish decisions for council.
0 Criticism never rises above simple, cynical beatings on morally bankrupt characters.
1 Adults will be appropriately served by the foolishness of the mix of harassment and slapstick of the film, although the luscious -minded may be disappointed by the relative modesty of a film running a ``topless tutorial service.''
1 The best thing you could say about Narc is that it's a rock -solid, little genre picture.
0 an incredibly stupid movie, though occasionally fun enough to forget its absurdity.
1 The star producer Salma Hayek and director Julie Taymor inspired Frida with a visual style that is unique to the images of the title character, creating a masterpiece of his own art.
1 What Irb denis -rrb does in his chilling film is a double portrait of two young women whose lives were as selfless, suffocating and cool as the attic to which they were inevitably exposed.
0 A sense of well -being to build an empty dictator madness is frightening, not to mention inappropriate and inappropriate.
0 a generic bloodbath that often becomes ridiculously intolerable if it is not only offensive.
1 The extended sleep sequence of Judith and Zaza.is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self -revealing that it makes most of what goes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysteria.
1 with an unusual protagonist -lrb - a kilt -carrying Jackson -rrb - and theme, the unlikely formula 51''is somewhat entertaining, but it could have been much stronger.
0 This is the kind of movie where you want to hit your head on the seat in front of you, with its wisdom, its stupidity, its completely inappropriate seriousness.
0 His appeal will probably be limited to the members of the church and the non -demanding chair tourists.
0 The last Adam Sandler attack and possibly the worst movie of the year.
1 the determination of the victims of Pinochet to seek justice, and their often heartbreaking statement, spoken directly in Director Patricio Guzman's camera, pack a strong emotional wallop.
1 a beautiful, timeless and universal history of heated passions, jealousy, betrayal, forgiveness and murder.
0 hill seems to be going through the motions, starting with the pale script.
1 Who needs the drugs, if he can see that, the last part of the ``qatsi''trilogy, led by Godfrey Reggio, with music by Philip Glass?
0 unencumbered parody.
0 typical Anim233with cheap animation -lrb - like Saturday morning -TV in the 60s -rrb -,a complex sword and magic - plot and characters that all have big round eyes and Japanese names.
0 You can't believe someone would actually buy this.
0 The action is nothing other than the Basic Clich233;s from beginning to end, and the script assumes that not only subtlety would be lost on the target audience, but that it is also too stupid to realize that they have seen this movie a hundred times already.
1 Twenty years later it is still a cinematic touchstone.
1 Angela Gheorghiu as the famous Primadonna floria tosca, roberto alagna as her lover mario cavaradossi, and ruggero as the villain, horny police chief scarpia, all sing beautifully and act appropriately.
1 gondry's direction is adequate...But what gives human nature its unique feeling is the script's buyer.
0 Although this rude and coarse film provides some heartbreaking laughter, the excavations of modern society are all we have seen so far.
1 One of the most exciting action films from China in recent years.
0 Shiny, but formal and stupid...cagney's ``top of the world''was replaced by the bottom of the barrel.
0 makes a joke a us car chases for an hour and then gives us a half hour car chase.
0 -lrb -a -rrb -soulless, stupid sequel...
1 with a large crew representing a wide cross section, the film boundary of the tavern together with the rat -a -tat -energy of the "girl on Friday,'''''''a light touch when dealing with serious issues.
1 unpretentious, charming, quirky, original
0 humorless, self -confident piece made without a hint of intelligence or invention.
1 just enough to disrupt his excessively comfortable pursuits.
1 If you haven't seen the film recently, you may wonder about the variety of sounds in Spielberg's work.
1 Every film that makes hard work seem heroic deserves a look.
0 It is a thin term, repetitively stretched to draw length, flooded with self -confident flashing camera effects, buzzes home music and flat, flat dialogue.
0 a boring, stupid and derivative horror movie.
0 How about we surprise ourselves by trying something new?
1 an energetic, violent film with a momentum that never stops.
0 Even with the intentionally low standards of connection -boy humor, the student association is a bowler.
0 a friendly but undernourished romantic comedy that does not correspond to the freshness of the former collaboration of the actress and author
1 It's a real shame you won't get the chance to hug little, sweet Evelyn anymore.
1 cavezel fully embodies the transformation of his character.
0 I found it slow, predictable and not very amusing.
1 Look at it.
1 As played by Ryan Gosling, Danny is a frightfully fascinating contradiction.
0 The film spends more time with the cutter than with the newcomer Mcadams, although their performance is more interesting -lrb - and funnier -rrb - than his.
1 Oh, and more entertaining, too.
1 The genius of the work speaks volumes and offers a hallucinating dream landscape that frustrates and captivates.
1 Austin Powers is mostly extremely funny, the first part that makes up for all the mistakes that come later.
1 a worthy addition to the film cannon, which last counts 52 different versions.numbered
1 If you like blood, guts and wild animals that chase men with guns, they'll probably enjoy this monster.
0 It's a popcorn movie, not a must -own, or even a must -see.
0 How incapable is Sara of serving?
1 a thoughtful, honorable portrait of what is essentially a subculture, with its own rules regarding love and family, governance and hierarchy.
1 Irb - caine -rrb - proves once again that he has not lost his touch, which brings an excellent performance in a supposedly mediocre film.
1 a vibrant whirlwind of love, family and all that goes with it is my big, fat Greek wedding an endless, fun celebration of warmth, color and Kringel.
0 The movie, like Jimmy's routines, could use a few good laughs.
1 Like a skilled fisherman, the director uses the last act to bind the audience, as his sharpness completely binds us.
1 But as soon as the hawk goes to heaven over Manhattan, the adventure is on alert.
1 When Antonia is assimilated into this new community, the film engages and becomes compulsively vigilant in a guilt -conscious, day -drama fashion.
0 This is not a new idea.
0 somewhere in a cutting room... film material that could not have made such a thing a trench, ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire.
1 that Haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades, that his genre and character structure is a wonderful achievement of truth and narrative grace.
1 Just bring the fighters, please!
0 But first you have to give the public a reason to stand up for it.
1 for all those painfully trimming secretary is a brilliant romance that keeps a surprisingly lively tone all the time, despite some of the writers' sporadic dips in pop Freudianism.
1 a bright, inventive, through and through winning escape of revisionist imagination.
1 the safest bet for a good time in cinema this summer.
0 Those of you who are not an eighth -grade girl will most likely fall asleep during this time.
0 a walking ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel.
1 Greg Kinnear gives a hypnotic performance as a full -fledged sex addict who distances himself completely from his obsessive behavior.
0 This action thriller dark comedy is one of the most repulsive things in a film year already littered with celluloid trash.
1 Metaphors are abundant, but it is easy to take this film for a personal value and enjoy its slightly humorous and delicate history.
0 The film is the equivalent of French hip -hop, which seems to play even in a 10 -year delay.
1 a benevolent homage to a man whose achievements and complexity went far beyond the end zone.
1 The film... presents classic morality - condom - drama: What would you have done to survive?
0 and because everything is repeated five or six times, it can seem tiresome simply.
1 a rich history of our time, very well told with an adequate minimum of means.
0 The action here is unusually tame, the characters are too easy to get interest, and the action offers few surprises.
1 the four feathers have rewards, from the exoticism of their sandy seas to the grim size of their sweeping fighting scenes.
0 There is a delightfully bizarre film that can be made out of curls, but broom is not.
0 I suppose there are more interesting ways to deal with it.
1 a very good film sits where a masterpiece should be.
1 Changing the track is an anomaly for a Hollywood movie; it is a well -written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say.
1 ...flat -out amusing, sometimes lovely and often fabulous, with a solid set, remarkable characters, delicious dialogue and a wide range of effective viewing days.
1 passionate, irrational, tedious, but cruel as a tarantula, Helga plays an outstanding role in this film and helps to keep the process as fun for adults as for Ruggers.
1 If you think you've found out about a late marriage, it'll put you on a leash.
1 The scale and splendor of the story are fascinating, and Mr. Day -Lewis roars with Leonine power.
0 One problem with the film, directed by joel schumacher, is that it captures too many pre -fabricated narrative elements into the running time.
0 barely for a few seconds over its seemingly eternal duration to arouse your interest, your imagination, your empathy or anything, really, save your disgust and your indifference.
0 The story the film tells is about Brian de Palma's addiction to the junk calories Suspense Tropes, which have ruined everything but his career.
1 miyazaki has created such a vibrant, colorful world, it is almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his pictures.
0 It's not a bad premise, it's just a bad movie.
1 When you hear that Harry Scherer will make his debut as a film director, you hope for the best
0 If you like to be rewarded by a script that assumes that you are not very intelligent, it is the blood test for you.
1 Great dragons!
1 The powerful success of reading my lips with such provocative materials shows why, after only three films, director Jacques audiard, although little known in this country, belongs to the highest rank of French filmmakers.
0 Most fish stories are a bit strange, but this is one that should be thrown back into the river.
0 a word of advice to the makers of the single station:Promi Cameos do not automatically smile the same.
1 Kinnear and give away what the achievements of their career can be.
0 a pathetic exploitative film, trying to be honest, and it just seems worse for the effort.
1 Apart from the Pratfalls, the hairdresser gets his biggest piece of the timeless spectacle where people actually talk to each other.
0 "One look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you get stupid?"
1 Children should have a touching time in this beautifully painted film.
0 An unfortunate title for a film that has nothing to love about it.
0 David Pik as Citizen Kane?
1 Director Tom Dey showed a talent for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 -debut shanghai lunch, but the show Time's uninspirid -up of TV -cop show cliches usually lets him shoot with space cartridges.
0 Director George Hikenlooper had some success with documentaries, but here his sense of history and his youthful camera movements caught a film student, and his grumpy ending might not have brought him to film school.
1 Soderbergh is not afraid to try any genre and do it his way.
0 the definition of what critics have described as "ambitious failure."
0 I can imagine this film as b &w British comedy, about 1960s, with peter sellers, Kenneth Williams, et al. But at this point this film is hopeless.
0 Sometimes the focus of the car feels so distant that you could watch it with a telescope.
0 a brutally dry satire of Central American deafness.
1 It is philosophy illustrated by everyday events.
1 This is one of the best movies of the year.
1 The wild Dornberry film is pleasant enough and the message of our close relationship with animals certainly cannot be emphasized enough.
0 sounds like Arnold Blackegger, fitting with a body, -lrb - ahola -rrb - has a wooden supply and meets an essential arc of change that does not produce any real transformation.
1 The strength of the film lies in its two central performances by Sven Wollter as a disturbed composer and viveka seldahl as a desperate violinist.
1 Absorption of character study by andrdouble233; turpine.
0 Unfortunately, that's exactly what arthur dong's family foundation does.
1 Instead, it sees it as an opportunity to revitalise what is remarkable and always has been when one clings to traditions.
1 a strange show in the world of lingerie models and middle -western bartender dancers that kept my interest just because it didn't try.
1 a headliner -fresh thriller among Orthodox Jews on the West Bank, Joseph Zedar's time of grace not only manages to find a convincing dramatic means to address a complex situation, it does so without the complexity.
1 The way home is an ode of unconditional love and compassion, which is won from years of seeing all of it, a condition that only the old know and... and misunderstood as weakness.
0 A rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has on those around him in the murderous world of child television.
1 Despite its generous formality and intellectual thrift, the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its changing dangers, political intrigues and brushes with the catastrophe.
1 Coppola's rebound is an incredibly multilayered and stylistic film, which, despite a rather slow step, almost humdrum approach to character development, still creates at least a decent attempt at a meaningful cinema.
0 So we've got ten little Indians meeting Friday the 13th through the clean and sober, filmed on the set of Zimmermann's thing and loaded with actors you'd best find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat.
0 With its Lackadian plot and mindless action, everything about the Benjamins evokes the lower level of bubble exploitation Flicks from the 1970s.
1 Among the many pleasures are the living intelligence of the artists and their truthfulness about their own situations.
1 a reminder that Spielberg knows beyond the hype and the latest digital glitz how to tell us about people.
0 collapses under its own lean weight.
0 did not deserve that class -lrb - also on a curve -rrb -.
1 White Oleander lets you roll your eyes in the dark, but that doesn't mean you don't want to see it.
1 Immediately disarming direct and conspicuously sneaky.
1 If you are looking for a smart, nuanced look at the de sade and what might have happened at Picpus is sade your film.
0 I don't blame Eddie Murphy, but shouldn't Owen Wilson know that a movie has to have a story and a script?
0 A manipulative feminist empowerment story posing as a serious drama about marital abuse.
1 This thorough study of important developments in the computer industry should make it necessary to look at departments in the university computer sciences for the coming years.
0 the script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair.
1 This is one of the war films that focuses more on human interaction than on battle sequences and action sequences.
0 so free of lust or sensuality that it cannot even be described as hedonistic.
0 solondz is undoubtedly an artist of uncompromising vision, but this vision is beginning to feel, if not morally bankrupt, at least terribly monotonous.
0 Here is a case of two actors doing everything humanly possible to create characters that are cute and credible, and being defeated by a script that forces them into bizarre, unbelievable behavior.
1 "catch me" feels able to enchant the masses with star power, a pop music score and sentimental moments that have become a Spielberg brand.
0 "solaris" is a formless, immaterial movement that relies on the viewer to do most of the work.
0 -lrb -t -rrb -his slop doesn't even have potential as a cult film because it's too loud to shout insults on the screen.
0 It reduces the complexity to bromides and slogans and it gets so quivering and so loud that you feel like a fool just because you're sitting there.
0 While solondz strives and strives, storytelling does not provide much more insight than the inner column of a torn book jacket.
1 "pacino" and "Williams" seem to overtake each other, as their characters do in the film.
0 It's not a movie; it's a symptom.
1 in the end you can't help but feel ``nourished.''
1 Half dead is just such an achievement.
0 on your own, it's not very interesting.
0 Ignore the reputation and ignore the film.
1 The achievements of children, not in acting, have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart.
1 Peter Jackson almost did the impossible.
1 The film enters a realm where only a few non -porn films play out and comes as dark funny, energetic and surprisingly gentle.
1 Director Chris Keil and screenwriter Michael berg, Michael J. Wilson and Peter ackerman create a few episodes that rival the most creative chaos in a short time.
0 And it's not that funny, which is generally offensive.
1 evokes the style and lightning of the double cross that has been so much fun mammoth "s ` house of games''and last autumn's skill''.
0 ...The efforts of his star, cline, to give some dignity to a stupid story are in vain.
1 One of the most original American productions this year, you will remember this refreshing visit to a sunny state.
1 The more you think about the movie, the more you'll probably like it.
0 Some like it hot on hardwood proves once again that a man in the tug is not and by himself is funny.
1 There's a lot of teeth in Roger Dodger.
1 brutal and fun work.
1 ramsay is clearly exceptionally talented and based on three short films and two features, here you bet your third feature will see something.
0 We never feel anything for these characters, and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity.
0 Director Shekhar Kapur and script writers Michael Schiffer and Hossein amini have tried to modernise and redesign things, but the barriers prove to be too big.
1 merges derived elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting, and always see a beauty.
0 It's like going to a house party and watching the landlord defend himself against an ex -girlfriend.
1 a great accompaniment to other Napoleon movies.
0 it tries aimlessly and unsuccessfully to merge at least three blunt plots into a good one.
1 But, it's pleasant enough and his ecological, pro -animal feelings are certainly welcome.
1 History offers a sharp critique of capitalism.
1 Kinnear.gives his best screening performance with a strangely winning portrayal of one of the ultimate losers of life.
1 It's a lot of fun.
1 beautifully done, captivating filmmaking, the elevated audience after quality and nostalgia, Twisty yarn that let them guess.
0 But the problem with wendigo is not really one of the resources for all its effective moments.
1 Transcends its agenda to deliver awe inspiring, sometimes sublime, visual and offer a fascinating view into the subculture of extreme athletes whose Derring -do puts the x in the games.
0 -lrb - denis'-rrb - bare -bones narrative looks more like a outline for a'70s recovery image than the finished product.
0 Snipes is both a snoring and a complete nonsense.
0 The castle has a very funny joke and some other decent ones, but all it means is a slightly funny, sometimes boring, ultimately insignificant movie.
0 Not only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan pile, it is one of the worst of the whole franchise.
0 shot like a postcard and overindulged in all the drunken self -confidence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors.
0 Stephen deserves his documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition... with a coat of unsentimental, simple text... if it really is an exercise in rough romance of the delusional personality type.
0 77 -minute poker can't last 4ever, it just seems like it would.
1 a colorful, vivid introduction to a universal human impulse, amply photographed and beautifully recorded.
0 a droll, zigzag frolic that stokes fun at the price of popularity and small town presumption in lone star state.
1 full of surprises.
1 Whether Ram Dass proves an equally clear and reliable authority over how he was about the inner consciousness assures us that he will again be an honest and loving man.
0 The whole thing's pretty lame, makes it par for the Disney Seques course.
1 It clearly shows that the director of Hollywood blockbusters like Patriot Games can still make a small, personal film with an emotional wallop.
1 one of the best rock documentaries of all time.
0 As David Letterman and the onion have shown, the worst tragedies can be fertile sources of humor, but Lawrence has only a fleeting understanding of how to develop them.
1 Somehow, Ms. Griffiths and Mr. Pryce are stirring up this wild, welsh mood.
1 If the vision of the film of sport as an ecular religion is a bit oppressive, its line of family and community is equally encouraging that every season marks a new beginning.
1 The movie is a good movie and you have to give it to director George Clooney for having to take such a big job the first time.
1 If anything, the film does something like a public service -- lights up a group of extremely talented musicians who would otherwise be unnoticed and underestimated by music fans.
0 With one of the poorly staged and illuminated acts in mind, scavengers are as close as you can get to an imitation film.
1 Claude chabrol's camera moves gently back and forth while hiding its signs and masking tension under otherwise delicate movements.
0 The crassness of this reactionary thriller is only matched by the ridicule of its premise.
1 Anyone who welcomes a shot by the avant -garde who has merged with their humor should enjoy this crazy, cheerful game of a movie.
0 It is about as convincing as any Arnie musclefest, but has a little too much resonance with real events and eventually comes as insultingly easy.
0 nothing more or less than a simple body ripper -- he would have gotten rid of the artful assumptions and wallowed in the entertaining depths.
1 Earlier than you, a shaky teenager rebelling against his oppressive, right -wing family.
0 "unfaithful" betrays itself and retreats to a comfortable area.
0 Yes, Spirited away is a triumph of fantasy, but it's also a failure of storytelling.
0 a large part of the digitally modified image material appears shredded as if it were directly filmed by a television monitor, while the extensive use of floor material quickly becomes a tiring click233.
1 The movement of the liquid is astonishing at any number of levels, including the physical demands placed on bNon -2522ttner, and it implies in its sequence the insoluble, irreversible flow of history.
0 slipped through bad writing and possibly also through some of this extensive post -processing to target the film on young men in the thrones of their first full testosterone flush.
1 I like it.
1 Birot creates a drama with such a clearly defined sense of place and age, as in "15 years old", that the torments and fears for us become almost as operative as they are for their characters.
0 God help us, but Capra and Cooper are rolling around in their graves.
1 Elegant Japanese epic about youthful anonymity and lovemaking.
1 A little uneven to be the cat's meow, but it's good enough to snare.
1 There is a bit of heart, as one would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and Aladdin.
1 It's a joke to see the rock nibble on Jumbo ants, pull an arrow out of its back and jump through the burning fire unharmed!
1 Laughing about the absurdities and inconsistencies is part of the fun.
1 The film is informative about Kissinger's background and history.
0 It makes me wonder about all the bad things in the world, like puppies with broken legs and butterflies dying and movies with pop queens.
1 a brilliant, absurd collection of vignettes, which in its own way sums up the strange horrors of life in the new millennium.
1 beautiful, cold, strangely colorful and simply extraterrestrial, a crazy piece of art that is there to scare while we enjoy the pictures.
1 This is not a stand -up and cheer -flick; it is a sit -down and think about the matter.
1 This story still seems timely and important.
1 a sloppy, amusing comedy based on an astonishingly unoriginal premise.
1 Jae -eun jeong's care for my cat brings an enchanting freshness to an upcoming story with such a vibrant, expressive flow of images that it appears as another important contribution to the bloom of the South Korean cinema.
1 The appeal of the film has much to do with the casting of Juliette binoche as sand, which brings to the role her pale, dark beauty and characteristic warmth.
1 like the English patient and the unbearable ease of being, the hours are one of those supposedly "unfiltered" novels that have dared to appear as an exquisite figure of movement in their own right.
1 The recordings of the rappers in the game and the prison interview with Suge Knight are just two of the elements you will take.
1 -lrb -f -rrb - from performances and cinematography to excellent soundtrack and unconventional narrative the film is lively and admirable on many levels.
0 It is gloomy with weary writing and declining direction.
0 It is a pity that this sympathetic film is not more successful.
1 Quiet, mature and almost statelier than any contemporary film this year...A true study, a film with a questioning heart and mind that does not shy from admitting that it does not have all the answers.
0 Although God is great, deals with interesting topics of identity and heritage, it is difficult to shake the feeling that it was intended to be another kind of film.
0 You can't guess why the crew and the crew didn't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed.
0 You can get popcorn if it's not on the screen.
1 Anyway, it's funny, but it's more about ``laughing about''diversity than ``laughing with'.'
0 ...prayer has no passion for the material.
0 plays like an unbalanced mix of graphic combat material and almost saccharin domestic interludes that are pure Hollywood.
1 The increasingly diverse French director has produced a film that can be honestly described as looking, sounding and simple like no other film in recent history.
0 The film is a confusing melancholy of sounds and styles, one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turbulent drama.
0 Someone suggested that the booths could be a nice coffee table book rrb, but eventually you're gonna leave the theater and ask yourself why these people counted.
0 Instead of using George and Lucy's obvious differences to ignite sparks, Lawrence desperately looks elsewhere and attacks George's happiness and Lucy's personality.
0 it recycles every clichDoub233 about homosexuals in a essentially expanded soap dispenser.
1 One of the most beautiful entertainments from the French film industry in years.
0 The piano teacher, like his title character, is repulsive out of control.
0 The basic assumption is fascinating, but quickly becomes tasteless and almost creepy.
1 It's okay for a movie to be something like a sitcom device when the lines work, the humor has point and the actors are busy.
0 too campy to work as a straight drama, and too violent and mean to work as a comedy, vulgar is indeed and fortunately a unique work.
0 This romantic \\\\ comedy raises the question of how much souvlaki you can put in before stomach -tuning sets.
1 visually stunning, visually exciting and dramatically moving is the definition of epic adventure.
0 Full frontal had no effect and showed no sympathy for the signs.
0 The film is not painfully bad, something you can'fully experience'; it is just painfully bad, something you can completely forget.
1 If you have the patience, there are great rewards here.
0 is transferred to the derivative, which is based on badly rendered cgi effects.
1 It is the kind of film about growing up that we do not see enough these days: realistic, urgent, and not sugar coated in the least.
0 Remember when Thrillers were really excited?
0 Maybe even the High Command found the writer director Mitch Davis's wall of Kitsch going hard.
0 Acting is fine, but the script is about as interesting as recording conversations on the wal -mart checkout line.
1 Director Alexander Payne -lrb -election and co -author Jim Taylor put their uncanny and fearless ability to look American fear in the eye and laugh at the end.
1 If you can push through the slow spots, you will be rewarded with some fine acting.
1 Chris Columbus' sequel is faster, more lively and much more fun than his original.
1 This is the stuff that Disney movies are made out of.
1 What's invigorating about it is that it doesn't give a shit.
0 It is difficult to imagine that someone who has reached puberty actually finds the characters in slackers or their antiques amusing, let alone funny.
1 The film is a verbal duel between two talented actors.
0 It makes a better travel report than a movie.
1 It's a masterpiece.
0 was there, did that, liked it much better the first time around than it the professional.
0 I have to admit, I left Runeldat.
0 Film so bad that it quickly into the pantheon of wreck, battlefield earth and show girls.
1 But it does make one of the most enjoyable and satisfying evenings in the movies I've had in a while.
1 the unexplored stories possibilities of ``punch trunk love''may have worked against the minimalist intention of the manufacturer, but it is an interesting exercise by talented writer director Anderson.
0 There are now two signs that m. night shyamalan's debut everything he has to give to the mystical genres of cinema: indestructible and signs.
1 If cinema had existed to capture the chaos in France in the 1790s, one would imagine that the result would look like this.
1 This quiet, introspective and entertaining independent is worth looking for.
0 what little atmosphere is created by the shadowy lighting, macabre sets, and endless rain is displaced by the sheer ugliness of everything else.
1 what the ````````Empire''does not represent in depth.
1 the usual film rah -rah, pleasantly and predictably delivered in low key style by director Michael Apted and author Tom Stopard.
0 This starts with a Doris Day feel of the 50s and it gets very ugly, very fast.
1 Standing alone is spiteful.-lrb --it's -rrb --what punk rock music used to be, and what the video medium could use more of:mind, perception, conviction.
0 very similar to the imaginary sport it projects on the screen... Loud, violent and mindless.
1 All in all, a great party.
1 a thriller with a edge, i.e. it does not follow the outdated, standard, connect -the -dotts -storyline that has become common in movies that explore the seamlessness of the criminal world.
0 Irb seems to be useless and shameless money -grubbing than most third -rate horror sequences.
1 Credit director Ramsay for taking the sometimes unlikely story and feeling it as realistic.
0 It's a feeling - bad ending for a depressing story that throws some hot button elements in the viewer's face and asks to be seen as hip, flashing social commentary.
0 It's just that it's not that good.
0 -lrb -l -rrb -name and unnecessary.
1 While focusing on the life experiences of a certain theater family, this wonderful documentary film covers the entire history of the Jewish theatre, both in America and Israel.
0 I'm not sure what will take longer to heal: the wound on Johnny Knoxville's stomach from an insurgency control bullet or my own tortured psyche.
0 ...The kind of film you see because the theater has air conditioning.
1 As Hannibal would say, yes, it's like an old friend at dinner.
1 It is bright, untouched style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before going to sleep.
0 Imagine Kevin Smith, the infamous villain of the suburbs, being deprived of most of his budget and sense of humor.
1 See scratches for history, see scratches for music, see scratches for a lesson in scratches, but, above all, see it for passion.
1 always determined to be measured at Anthony asquith's announced 1952 screen adaptation.
0 Try this obscene, dark comedy so cruel that Edward Burns makes the sidewalks of New York look like Oscar Wilde.
1 performance of hoffman is authentic to the core of his being.
1 Chicago offers lots of colourful eye candy, including the performance of Gere in his dancing shoes, hoofing and crooning with the best of them.
1 The artwork is spectacular and, unlike most animations from Japan, the characters move with grace and panache.
1 the best film in many moons about the passions that sometimes our best performances and other times leave us stranded with nothing more than our lower appetite.
0 nothing more than a widget out on a treadmill to see if stupid Americans play a kick out of silly Brits with cute accents playing old slapstick and unfunnny tricks.
0 bad and confusing from the start.
0 The abominable special effects, the obligatory flatulence outbursts and the incessant pop music on the soundtrack five minutes ago overwhelm what's left of the dirty, dead old Hanna Barbera charm.
1 The filmmakers try to balance a sharp satire, often sharp satire and not shy sweetness, with results that are sometimes illuminating, sometimes astonishing and quite often, and in an unexpected way, touching.
1 harmless fun.
1 Amazingly skillful and moving...It could become a historically significant work and a masterpiece.
1 But as in the 1920s, the journey there is very funny.
0 The way this all works makes women look more like stereotypes of carers and moral teachers than serious athletes.
1 Eight -legged freaks are smart and funny, having fun with their special effects and making you feel like you've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer.
1 The bottom line is that the piece works brilliantly.
0 intentionally shocking in his erotic ravine, if unintentionally blunt in her lack of poetic Frisions.
0 tends to explode.
0 pleasant, but no more than recycled Jock Piffle.
1 In fact, the outrageous bits achieve a shock - you - in -laughter intensity of almost Dadai's proportions.
1 The one -liners are bitchy, the situations fleeting and the strange possibilities richly rewarded.
0 Stupid, infantile, redundant, sloppy, arrogant, and amateurish.
1 The film grows on you.
1 Although his story is only superficially deep, the images and surrounding sounds of the blue swarm make this surprisingly decent film worth a summer look.
1 This Chicago has tremendously imaginative and successful casting to save on its big credit, as well as a great score and attitude.
1 First -time writer director Dylan kidd also has a good ear for dialogue, and the characters sound like real people.
1 a whale of good times for both children and parents in search of Christian fun.
0 This strange, distant Portuguese imports more or less borrowed from the evil lieutenant and the vampires, and comes with some kind of kind of kind of kind of kind kind of Art -House Homo porn movie.
0 during the tuxedo's 90minutes of screen time, there is not a real chan moment ".
0 It is slightly sentimental, non -frozen consumption.aimlessly harmless and completely interchangeable.
0 plays like the old disease of the week
0 ...pays tribute to the hero as Julia Roberts awards... with false humility hardly disguised grotesque narcissism.
1 fincher's characteristic, stunning visual design and an almost perceptible sense of intensity.
0 They're desperate for the night to end.
0 to the point where the situations an d dialogue are hopelessly out of control, i.e. when Carol Kane appears on the screen.
1 "Red Dragon" never cuts corners.
1 an ambitious film that, like Shiner's organization of the great struggle, draws enough of its effects to make up for those who do not come.
1 Although shot with little style, skins is warm and painfully real.
0 It looks good, but it's basically empty.
1 In this remarkable and unforgettable film, the brave Molly Craig simply radiates the star potential.
1 a knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth ignite the son of the bride.
0 Yeah, I hated myself in the morning.
0 But ticket buyers with high expectations will end up as dreary as Mr. de niro.
0 The film was produced by Jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher and reflects the worst of their flat styles: wildly overproduced, insufficiently motivated, every step of the way and demographically oriented to please everyone -lrb and nobody -rrb -.
1 It's a great performance and a memory of Dickens' grandeur.
0 not at all clear what it's trying to say, and even if it is -- I doubt it would be all that interesting.
0 a film in which history is almost a reflection amidst a whirlwind of colors and unexplained events.
1 Real women may have many agendas, but they will win you over.
1 I liked what I saw.
0 Lazy and happy engages in a traditional, reserved way of filmmaking.
0 It seems that even the filmmakers didn't know what kind of film they were making.
1 The dangerous life of old paintings feels painful.
0 Spider -Man is about growing strange hair, getting a more mature body, and it is necessary to hide new secretions from the parent units.
1 At best, this is a large -format film for a larger figure than life, an artist who has been awarded mythical status in contemporary culture.
1 There's a few movies that met you from the first scene, and you know it's gonna be a trip.
0 I'm not sure these words have ever been in the same sentence together: this erotic cannibal movie is boring.
0 Maybe you'll get lucky, and during your performance, there'll be a power outage so you can get your money back.
1 with spy videos 2: the island of lost dreams, but Robert Rodriguez decorates his family film with an elegance and maturity that also lacks most contemporary adult films.
0 ...unbearably lame.
0 Certainly not a good movie, but it wasn't terrible either.
0 where the film fluctuates in its tone.
0 The movie's the biggest problem?
1 This is a movie that is what it is: a pleasant distraction, a Friday night distraction, an excuse to eat popcorn.
1 The gags are often a trick.
1 The complex, politically charged tapestry of modern Chinese life that this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen is like nothing that we westlers have seen so far.
0 The eerie inspiration that stirred Devito's early work is confused in death to smoochy into something ugly and mindless.
1 Irb - shyamalan -rrb continues to drive through mainstream Hollywood, maintaining integrity and refusing to compromise his vision.
1 As repulsive as I usually am to feel good, your dream follows Hollywood fantasies
1 You'll know a star when you see one.
0 The students who are so bad at it are cruel, take all kinds of laughs and Stiletto stamp out life.
1 Between the icy stunts, the actors have had a funny dialogue about following your dream and just letting the mountain say what to do.
1 This beautiful epic will surely lift the spirits of the whole family.
0 Terrible.
0 grating and long lasting.
0 around three hours and with very little history or character development there is plenty of room for editing, and a much shorter cut would certainly have led to a smoother, more focused narrative without sacrificing one of the cultural intrigues.
1 better effects, better acting and a funny Kenneth Branagh.
0 It is too interesting to dwell on all his Byzantine incarnations to try to please his audience.
0 None of this so -called satire has a trick to it, as if Woody is afraid to bite the hand t hat has finally warmed up to some degree for him.
1 a keep -'em - presumption action and a tender take on its distorted signs.
0 A prison suicide that never really comes out of her cozy little cell.
1 an elegant and subtle comedy.
0 not as scary -funny as tremor or or crazy -funny as spaceship Troopers, the movie is not hard to last as long as you have paid a matinee price.
1 Delicious decorations...Arrival early and stay late, fill almost every minute...with a cheerful shine, some cheeky snickers and a glorious dose of humanity liberating the ability to triumph over a Scrooge or two.
0 The film is a blank.
1 develops in a simple, organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and walk with its river.
0 does not extend more than one TV show to film length.
1 one of the best movies of the year.
1 By applying the definition to both sides of man, the image realizes a fullness that does not negate the theme.
0 The film turned out to be -lrb - assayas'-rrb - homage to the Gaulish ``tradition of quality',''in all its prudence.
0 When the downward spiral is over, the focus of the car becomes a typical junkie opera.
0 "Butterfingered" is the word for Jez butterworth's big fist, who manages to blow even the smallest sensibilities out of romance with his loud approach.
0 Cal is an unpleasant flat and immature character with which you spend 110 claustrophobic minutes.
1 Beere's saucy, full -bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick, so that ```another day''is one of the most entertaining ties in years
1 Despite the bizarre development of the film, Hoffman delights us with every painful nuance, unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character that binds humanity.
1 If you read and love poetry, check it out anyway.
1 driven by a fantastic double performance by Ian Holm...The film is funny, sensitive human and a delightful fun for historians.
1 Douglas McGrath's Nicholas nickleby does Dickens, as it should be done on film.
0 Diane Lane's sophisticated performance cannot save Adrian Lyne's infidelity from his pathetic moralization.
1 simply say, "far from heaven" is a masterpiece.
1 In a rich, shadowy black and white chronicle, with increasingly amusing irony, the relationship between resistant kidnappers and spotted prisoners.
1 mcgrath has sent Dickens''beautifully blown up soap opera 'to focus better on the Odyssey of the Hero, from fear of poverty to courage and happiness.
0 Anyone who suffers from this film deserves at least a big box of comfort.
1 a rewarding documentary, whether you are in rap or not, even if it can give you even more answers than credits roll.
0 The original was not a good movie, but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece!
1 It's a fun adventure movie for children -lrb - of all ages -rrb - that's like adventure.
0 You drag yourself through the swamp of this alleged psychological thriller in search of a purpose or even a plot.
0 humps with a winding fish -out -of -water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very, very slowly.
0 No nostalgia for Carvey's glorious days can hide the fact that the new film is a lame children's movie and Carvey's considerable talents are wasted on it.
1 consistently smart and exciting.
0 It's an unbelievable movie with its elbows where the knees should be.
1 a true friend of the public who is in accord with anyone who has ever waited in the medical practice, in the emergency room, in the hospital bed or in the insurance office.
0 ...If you, like me, think that an action movie disguised as a war is hideous to begin with, then you are on a painful journey.
1 If you're so happy to hear movies the way you see them, and you're fascinated by the slow parade of human weakness, then you're in the right movie.
1 A funny popcorn movie.
0 Bad company has one of the most idiotic scripts of the year, full of holes that will also be obvious to those who are not looking for them.
0 It would be hard to think of a movie smarter than Evelyn this year.
1 a jewel of a romantic criminal fashion that turns out to be clever, amusing and unpredictable.
1 Smith finds amusing comparisons that justify his exercise.
1 a charming, banter -filled comedy... one of these airy, cinematic sweets, whose goals and therefore performance on the surface appear deceptively low.
1 It's this rare family movie... real and sweet, without relying on animation or stupid humor.
0 Hollywood is the most disappointing Woody Allen movie of all time.
0 It i s slightly amusing, but I certainly cannot recommend i t.
0 This horribly serious reversal of the concubine's love triangle avoids the historical panorama of the previous film and stumbles pathos for bug -eyed bugging and gay -not condescending.
0 Formula 51 promises a new kind of high, but provides the same old bad trip.
0 What Madonna does here cannot really be described as actors, more precisely, it moves and speaks and it is occasionally gestured, sometimes all at once.
1 Rifkin's references are... impeccable everywhere.
1 The director examines all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and curiosity that reminds him of fraud.
0 The fact that the "best part" of the film comes from a 60 -second homage to one of the good films of Demme does not bode well for the rest.
1 a funny comedy of linguistic and cultural differences...the ch2266teau is a film, full of life and small joys that has all the moving energy of puppies.
1 a captivating, formal sports drama that carries a load of real excitement.
0 Something must have gotten lost in the translation.
1 witty, contemplative and exalted beautiful.
1 Maintenance and Whitaker are particularly good.
1 The lightest movie Steven Spielberg has made in over a decade.
0 If I want a real movie, I'll buy the DVD criterion.
1 a serious, outgoing document, it serves as a practical primer for the recent history of the region and would be a great learning tool of the tenth grade.
1 a conventional but heartwarming story.
1 A clever women's film, which is not to be expected in any way.
0 The problem is the unnecessarily poor quality of archive and film recordings.
0 There is something unintentionally funny in the drum of the film about authenticity, given the obsolete act and pornographic way in which the film celebrates in supplementary apartments, clothes and parties.
1 Strange events build up in the mind of the viewer and increase extreme urgency.
1 The formula is well known, but pleasing.
0 His screenplay serves as self -criticism, and his incompetence as his own harshest criticism.
1 less a study of Neo -Nazism than an examination of the nature of faith itself.
1 good performance and a realistic, non -exploitative approach pay in full sight.
0 It's not as strange as it should be.
1 If you love music, and I do, it's hard for you to have more fun watching a documentary.
0 Seeing the queen of the damned is like reading a research paper with special effects in.
0 stinks from start to finish, like a wet bag full of gloom.
0 The commercial ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything that is close to our hearts at the cinema, only now is it beginning to split, so that it can do even more damage.
1 While there are times when the film exceeds its reach, production works more often than not.
1 very successful slice of Hitchcock tension.
0 shows the sheer sensational character of soap opera...more salad telenovela than serious drama.
0 I'm sure there's a teenager somewhere who's dying for this kind of entertainment.
0 Why are you sitting in a cheap, hip -crime comedy that constantly refers to old movies, if you could just rent these movies instead, let alone look for a respectable new one?
0 a terrible movie all the time... Stupid, storytelling chaotic, visually slutty... a strange amalgam of the thing and a geriatric scream.
0 contains the humor, characterisation, vulnerability and intelligence of a bad sitcom.
0 ridiculous, unbelievably awful.
0 a long, stunning action sequence, which occurs mainly from routine things that yuen has given us.
1 Mr. Kante will be the first filmic poet to live in France in the United States.
1 ...a cheerful, hearty black comedy.
1 with spy videos 2: the island of lost dreams, the spy children franchise is established as a permanent part of the film landscape: a James Bond series for children.
1 Reno himself can take credit for most of the film's success.
0 outside of Burger's desire to make a kind of film, it is really unclear why this project was carried out
0 As for the kids, they wouldn't enjoy the movie at all.
0 If you'd seen it on TV, you'd probably have turned it off, convinced you'd seen the movie before.
0 While it is interesting to observe the conflict from the Palestinian side, Longley's film lacks balance and fails to put the fight in a meaningful historical context.
0 journalistically dubious, incompetent and often deadly boring.
1 brilliantly written and well played, yellow asphalt is an uncompromising film.
1 Mike won't make any money that makes Michael Jordan jealous, but it has a few nice moments, funny scenes, and it hits the target audience -- lrb -- young Bow Wow fans -- rrb -- with nothing but net.
1 The gags flying at such a hilarious pace that the only robbery we knew about was the one we felt when the movie ended so damn soon.
1 While the path may be known, former Director Denzel Washington and a first -class crew manage to keep things interesting.
1 standing in the shadow of Motown is the best kind of documentary film, one that one exhausted yesterday feel very like a brand new tomorrow.
0 a series of escapades that show the proverb that what is good for the goose is also good for the goose, some of which are occasionally amused, but none of which is much of a story.
1 J. lo will earn her share of the holiday coffers office cakes, although this film makes one thing perfectly clear: she is a beautiful woman, but she is not a working girl.
1 This documentary is a dazzling, remarkably impractical reminder of what --lrb --Evans -rrb had lost, and got back.
1 Her work is fantastic.
1 Much of the charm of the film lies in the perfect meanness of Stuart and Murgolo.
0 looks and feels like a cheap hybrid of Scarface or Carlitos kind.
0 a deeply stupid matter that populates their hackneyed and fairy -tale storyline with cardboard figures and performers who value money beyond credibility.
0 Like his script, the nurses draw holes that are enough to control an entire Olympic swim team, the characters in the bathing fan seem motivated by nothing but a boring, brain -dead cat.
0 Do we really need the Tiger Beat version?
1 If it's annoying tension you're looking for, you'll find it with ring, an undeniably creepy movie, with a script for.
1 Gosling creates an incredibly convincing character, a young man whose sharp intellect is at the root of his contradictory, self -hating, self -destructive nature.
1 a beautiful Paean for a long past.
1 an extremely funny, ultimately heartbreaking view of life in contemporary China.
1 casts light on a subject few are familiar with, and makes you listen to music you may not have heard.
0 But for the most part, the weight of the water comes off as a two -track, time -changing Myopic mystery that stops in its senseless transmission of emotional emptiness.
0 and Diesel is not the actor to save it.
0 a weak Tootsie impression.
1 Consider it for his performance, if nothing else.
1 Great casting and solid execution give life to all three floors.
0 the struggles for power among victims and predators settle in an incessant rhythm of artificial tension.
0 a thriller without much excitement.
1 But the show is still charming here.
1 Much more pleasant than his predecessor.
1 a moving essay on the ghost of death, especially suicide.
1 Phillip Noyce and all his actors, as well as his cameraman, Christopher Doyle, understand the delicate strength of Greene's Prosa, and she is on the screen in her version of the calm American.
1 Although it runs 163 minutes, safe behavior is anything but tedious.
0 This is the kind of film that you only have to see for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself: ``ah `yes, here we have a bad, bad film.'
1 Even in the worst case, it's not half bad.
1 ...Even if you've never heard of Chaplin, you'll still be glued to the screen.
0 a long, boring procession of despair, set on cello music that comes from a minimalist funeral.
1 The film material of the concert is exciting, the recording sessions are fascinating, and on the way to a blow for artistic integrity, this quality band can attract new admirers.
0 Most dialogues made me put raw dough in my ears.
0 Queen of the damned has gone too long with too little.
1 It ai n't art, by a long shot, but unlike last year's lame Musketeer, this dumas adaptation entertains.
1 Campanella's competent direction and excellent occupation overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a script that shines over Rafael's evolution.
1 The dramatic snapshot of the artist three days before his death offers interesting speculation about the problems Brecht faced when his life came to an end.
1 It would be an unbearable experience for these ultra -provincial New Yorkers if the 26 -year -old Reese reese reef spoon were not at hand to inject their pure fantasy character, Melanie Carmichael, with a massive infusion of old -fashioned Hollywood magic.
0 A horror movie with seriously stupid characters that dilutes the pleasure of seeing them haunted by creepy bugs that only live in the dark.
0 Their parents would do well to put earplugs in their ears and put pillow covers over their heads.
0 Covers a well -known anti -feminist equation - lrb career - children - misery -rrb - in tiring romantic comedies duds.
1 Naomi Watts is great like Rachel; her delicate frame and her vulnerable personality emphasize her need and isolation.
0 Stupid and ugly.
1 "Film lovers can only love movies, whether the original version or the new director's cut."
1 hard, lovable, caring, warm.
0 The main problem with Windtalkern is that most of the film is based on the wrong character.
0 Grieseball's Mafia Action Comedy.
1 The nice story of author and director otar iosseliani about a factory worker fleeing for a vacation in Venice shows how we all need a playful break from grinding to refresh our souls.
1 a refreshingly realistic, affection -free coming -of -age
1 "simone" is a funny and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artistry.
0 Pokemon cannot be killed, but Pokemon 4ever virtually assures that the Pocket Monster Film Franchise is almost ready to flip over.
0 The play is amateurish, the cinema is cruel, the direction is clumsy, the writing is thready and the violence is immediately silent graphical and ridiculously unconventional.
1 You have to see it.
1 Praying has really done its subject justice.
0 Woody, what happened?
0 But it's also disappointing to some extent.
0 coarse, cliched and plunky, this little romantic comedy, in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the script requires, it wastes the charm of the stars Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock.
0 has about as much resemblance to the experiences of most abused women as Spider -Man with the experiences of most teenagers.
1 sometimes a little melodramatic and even a little dated -lrb - depending on where you live -rrb -, ignorant fairy is still quite benign and not bad for an hour or two.
0 A boring masquerade ball where usually good actors, even kingsley, look bad.
0 A semi -autobiographical film so sloppy written and cast that you can't believe that someone more central to the creation of Bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it.
0 The skills of a mathematics student at M.i.t. are necessary to balance all the equations in the long -winded robbery comedy, who is t cletis tout?
0 Although there are entertaining and bold moments, the film with its raging tone and extremely flat lead performance can hardly save the flattering reputation of the filmmaker.
1 Afiades gives the neighborhood -- landscape, mood and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big, tender hug.
1 Two weeks notice has appeal over a Sandra Bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy.
1 Might need a little more humanity, but there's never a shortage of optics.
1 The leads are natural and beautiful, the pace is quiet, the humor wry and sprightly.
0 offers big, fat, stupid laughs that you can hate because they're in.
1 Hardly a movie that comes every day.
1 definitely worth 95 minutes of your time.
1 The grand finale was certainly not something Galinsky and Hawley had planned. But being a good documentarian is when the rope breaks.
0 Roller ball is as bad as you think, and worse than you can imagine.
0 There's the action, and a insanely intrusive and repetitive piano music that made me scream.
0 It'd be great to see this shit pile crushed under a truck, preferably half.
0 The pace is deadly, the story helps little and Naipaul, a juicy writer, is denied.
1 I'll give him a marginal thumb up.
1 This beautifully animated epic is never boring.
0 In short, human nature is not nearly as funny as it thinks, nor is it as smart.
1 Davis.gets live performances from her cast and subtracts some skillfully mcbeal -style fantasy sequences.
0 Even in summer, the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities.
1 a captivating film poem from the first frame to the last.
0 The attitude turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas that never draw satisfactory conclusions.
0 This painfully inhuman farce spreads in tired stereotypes and burdens itself with complications that have nothing to do with history.
1 Don't take anything seriously and enjoy the ride.
1 It is different from others in its genre, as it is not based on silly gags, anatomical humor or character cliques; it relies primarily on character to tell its story.
1 After all these years still full of enthusiasm, cinema paradise is one of the great films about film love.
1 Patience with the beautiful calm!
1 The actors are simply too good, and the story too fascinating, for technical errors to get in the way.
1 I'd be lying if I said that my chest won't hurt until the end of Kung Pow.
1 It could also be the best sex comedy about pollution ever made.
1 a more entertaining, if ultimately less, Thriller.
1 and the reason for this is a self -confident, often self -mocking intelligence.
0 Whether Jason x is intentionally so bad is never clear.
0 Every comedy is subversiv e, but this relentless, gloomy persistence, every opportunity to find meaning in relationships or work, just gets sad.
0 The film is designed and made by people who despise themselves, and the nicest thing I can say is that I can't remember a single name responsible for it.
0 All too familiar...Basically the kind of warning that was old when ``angels with dirty faces''appeared in 1938.
0 It seems that American and European gay films were made twenty years ago.
0 This is a really bad movie.
1 the way in which the cycles of the partners work and the interaction in partnerships and between partnerships and the general atmosphere of alligator -bashing are always pleasing.
0 What would "Blade Runner" look like as a low budget series on an uhf channel.
0 There's a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that don't care about being stupid.
1 An exciting Tunisian film about the amazing transformation of a traditional widow drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing.
1 a beautiful film for the holiday season.
1 Having the feeling that the typical Hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here, it is a question of entertainment in the experiences of Zishe and the fiery presence of him.
1 Kaulquappe could be one of the most attractive films ever made about another horrific, and almost terrifying, subject, a teenage boy in love with his stepmother.
1 A film that focuses on a traditional Indian wedding in contemporary New Delhi may not sound like a special post, but Mira Nair's film is an absolute joy for all viewers.
1 the most amazing super -large dose of stunts any ````````donkey''fan could have.
1 k -19: the widower is derivative, overloaded and bombastic, but surprisingly entertaining.
0 Every visual joke is sewn, every device obvious and lengthy, every point predictable.
0 through this measure it is a mistake.
0 Instead of real figures, goalies and Kjell bear symbolic signs whose actions have something to say about the NaDoun239f's encounter with the world.
1 Since the film lacks momentum and its position remains largely indeterminate, the director's experiment is successful.
0 ...an arrogant chaos...
0 full of flatulence and mild sexual references, Kung Pow!
0 So stunning, so terrible that you hope Britney doesn't do it again when it comes to movies.
1 With liberal cans of dark humor, beautiful outdoor photography and a stable, solid performance, nothing like that is a fascinating little story.
1 in the new release of the cinema paradise, the story has changed from sweet to bitter, and when the tears come during this last, beautiful scene'they finally feel absolutely deserved.
1 Spider -Man remove the film from its red herring environment and it is obvious that this is a summer movie that satisfies.
0 Spectators will actually sit open in front of the screen, not screaming, but yawning.
1 The sum of all fears is simply a well -made and satisfying thriller.
1 What makes the film special is its absolute sincerity.
0 This thing just never comes off the ground.
0 After some scenes of this kitschy nonsense, you'll be eager for the testosterone -loaded wizards of Jerry Brutheimer productions, especially since half -dead is like the rock on a whale -mart budget.
1 the film oozes craft.
0 Once the expectation of laughter by the obscenity has been destroyed t, even the funniest idea is not funny.
1 funny, sexy, devastating and insanely romantic.
0 an ambitious melodrama stifled by guilt, crippled by bad casting.
0 This is an exercise not in biography, but in hero worship.
0 The densest distillation of Roberts' films ever made.
1 With this masterful, flawless film, lrb - wang -rrb - dives into the front row of China's now numerous world famous filmmakers.
1 A live wire movie that never loses its ability to shock and surprise.
0 I can't help but wonder why it's so boring.
1 the large -format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full shelves and the incredible imax sound system lets you feel the beat up to your toes.
1 a finely tuned voice device, a model of threatening atmosphere.
1 It is full of adventure and a rewarding environmental message, so it is ideal for children.
0 Too bad Maggio couldn't find a better script.
1 sensual, funny and very touching at the end.
1 A movie only for Friday fans, damn critics.
1 It is a fairy tale that comes from a renowned Indian film culture that allows Americans to finally wallow in their glory.
0 all mood and no film.
1 will certainly be one of the smartest, most deceptively amusing comedies of the year.
0 a half -hearted movie.
1 It is really a terrible and heartbreaking topic, but one whose lessons are well worth visiting as often as possible.
1 The most brilliant movie comedy since John Malkovich.
1 The occupation is phenomenal, especially women.
1 inventive, funny, intoxicating sexy, violent, selfish and crazy.
1 Much of it comes from the brave, unfettered performances of his main actors.
0 a cooler determined without shaking frost.
0 The first hour is exhausting, although ford and neeson are of interest to us, but it's just not an exciting movie.
1 And it is.
1 Even if it devours, we are forced to reflect that his visual imagination is breathtaking.
0 imperfect?
0 This chaos of a movie is nothing more than a travesty comedy.
0 A mysterious branch that smuggles drugs into t he Danish cows falls flat, and if you want to change t he end of t he bar, you better have a good alternative.
0 I'm sure there's something wrong with a comedy where the only laughter comes from selecting the outtakes that are glued to the end credits.
1 No, it's not as simple as John Carpenter's original, but it's certainly much smarter and more disturbing than the sequel.
1 Beating Austin Powers movies at their own game, this blow -up spoof -down plays the trump card for Gags, who rely on the strength of their own intelligence, as opposed to the extent of their insolence.
0 Spectators are so often asked to put off believing that if it wasn't for Holm's performance, the film would be a total disaster.
0 There is no tangible chemistry between Lopez and male lead Ralph Fiennes, plus the script by working woman writer Kevin Wade is craftslike in the extreme.
0 Spy action flick with antonio banners and Lucy Liu never gets together.
0 There's been too many of these movies.
1 We want the radio, and this film has it.
1 -lrb -a -rrb - thoughtful, visually graceful work.
0 shows moments of promise, but eventually cliches and deletes Storytelling.
1 Like the Ruggers films, the wild Dornberry film offers little more than the series, but its emphasis on animal care and respect for other cultures is particularly welcome.
0 A watered -down version of the "fatal attraction" for the tiny -bopper set.a sad, wet kettle that squanders the talents of its attractive young leads.
0 The movie starts promisingly, but the end is all too predictable and much too clisched to really work.
1 The script manages the rare trick of simultaneously appearing refreshingly different and reassuring familiar.
1 Credit for the most magical movie of the year.
1 The narrowly primitive animated special effects contribute to a mood that will be maintained by the surprisingly gloomy conclusion.
1 Its modest, straightforward standards undeniably achieve a direct hit.
1 I guess the director's a magician.
1 a thrilling and exhilarating trip with one of France's most inventive directors.
0 It annoys me and saddens me that Martin Lawrence's latest vehicle obnoxio can explode into 2500 -screen, while some of bubba ho -tep's clearly obvious quality could end up on a shelf somewhere.
0 That Chirpy Song is Britney Speers with more mindless nonsense.
0 None of the characters or plot lines are sophisticated enough to generate interest.
1 When all is said and done, she loves them in pieces and so, I trust, you will.
0 Ultimately too repulsive to be completely enthusiastic for the American art house audience, but it is distinguished by its stylistic thrift and strength.
0 Kids don't mind shitty movies like adults, provided there's lots of cute animals and clumsy people.
0 It forces you to watch people do unpleasant things to each other and to themselves, and it keeps a cool distance from its material, which is intentionally disturbing.
1 Miracles, hope and magic can never escape the boy's heart when the right movie comes, especially when it starts with the name Star Wars
0 While the performances are often tempting, this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better than a one -hour TV documentary.
0 Haneke's script -lrb - from elfriede jelinek's novel -rrb - is contrived, unmotivated, and psychologically unpersuasive, with an unthinkable end.
0 There's only so much baked cardboard I have to chew.
0 The film is full of good intentions, but in his zeal to push the action and our emotions into the all too familiar dramatic arc of the Holocaust escape history, Minac drains his film of all individuality.
1 Tully is worth a look at his true characters, his sensitive acting, his unspoiled view of rural life and the subtle direction of first -class hilary birmingham.
1 The filmmaker tian Zhuangzhuang returns triumphantly to the narrative filmmaker with a visually masterful work of silent power.
0 ...a film that, quite simply, should not be made.
1 the importance of being serious, so dense with joke that it plays like a reading from Bartlett's familiar quotes
0 five scriptwriters are counted with the clich233d;loaded script; it seems as if everyone is the version of the before.
1 Director Alfonso Cuaron becomes lively, convinced of performances from a fine cast and generally keeps things at a fast pace, occasionally with an all -knowing voice -over narrator in the style of French new wave films.
1 ...manages to provide a little vampire fun.
0 Boys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets.
0 When we get our money back, actually.
1 more than anything else, kissing Jessica stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre, which was held captive by generic scripts that try to stay sleepless again and again in Seattle.
1 When she chews and begs, Madonna gives her best performance, as Abel Ferrara beat her to a pulp in his dangerous game.
1 the sheer joy and pride they took in their work, and in each other shines through every frame.
0 The cumulative effect of the film is repulsive and depressing.
1 ...goes beyond the usual depictions of good children and bad seeds to reveal an ambivalent set of characters and motivations.
1 Many things about Lilie chou -chou are fascinating: some of its power of expression could make you cry.
1 It is a rolling adventure for you and all your friends, regardless of their age.
0 An empty shell of an epic, not the real one.
1 -lrb - sharfig -rrb - has made a film that tells you about the characters''Life after the clever role playing.
1 It may be a bit of a retrograde compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the various victims of the film after a while, but it is also the most admirable quality of the film
1 a delicious appetizer in the tradition of food films.
0 -lrb -johnnie to and wai ka fai are sure to find an enthusiastic audience among American action adventure fans, but the interests of the film may be too narrow to attract Crossover viewers.
1 conceptually brilliant.plays like a living room war of the worlds, gains most of its disturbing power from the proposed and unknown.
0 This feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head
1 Irb --Danny Huston gives -rrb - an amazing achievement that skillfully, gradually reveals a real human soul buried under a literal serpent's grin.
1 Besides Hoffman's powerful acting clinic, this is this rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding look into the kind of heartache that everyone has felt, or will one day feel.
1 It's not exactly a deep cinema, but it's kind and sometimes quite funny.
1 welcomed as a clever exercise in neo -Hitchcockie, this clever and very satisfying image is more accurate chabrolian.
0 he remains and offers little insight into his fascinating subject.
0 a pleasant and captivating enough sitting, but in trying to have the best of both worlds, it ends up losing as a whole.
1 touches wisely and eagerly on a number of topics, not least the idea that marginal members of society... could benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants.
1 Yakusho, as always, is as wonderful as the long -faced, sad sack, and his chemistry with Shimizu is very believable.
1 works, it's thanks to Huston's offensive performance.
0 Ararat feels like a book report
0 The beautiful pictures and solemn words cannot disguise the careless self -righteousness of -lrb - godard's -rrb -vision, just as the beautiful piano and the strings on the soundtrack cannot suppress the quietest self -righteousness of his voice.
1 tully is in many ways the perfect festival film: a quiet, self -confident portrait of small -town regrets, love, duty and friendship that responds to the stories - instincts of a slightly better -educated filmgoing audience.
0 It is a shame that the wonderful first 101 minutes with the wrong final 5.
1 Surprisingly charming and even witty for the best Hollywood comic adaptations.
0 My advice is to skip the movie and pick up the soundtrack.
1 bold -impossible, but convincing.
1 quasi -documentary by French filmmaker Karim dridi, who celebrates the hard spirit of Cuban music.
1 Family.
0 The film resolutely avoids all the funny possibilities of his situation and becomes another stupid high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates.
1 One of the most thoughtful films of recent times about art, ethics and the cost of moral compromise.
1 Even if you are an Agnostic Carnivore, you can enjoy much of jonah simply, and thankfully, as laughing -out -loud crazy with a distinctive monty pythonesque taste.
1 One of the best of the growing tension of daring films... which argue that any sexual relationship that harms no one and works for its participants is a relationship that deserves our respect.
0 Set in a 1986 Harlem that doesn't look much like anywhere in New York.
0 In the spirit of the season, I arrange a bright shining star for Roberto benigni's pinocchio -- but I guarantee no wise men will follow him.
1 provokes a perceptible sense of separation, which becomes all the more gripping by the continuous use of mobile phones.
0 They crush each other under cars, throw each other out of windows, stab and dismember their victims in full consciousness.
1 In addition to the high score for the originality of the action -- the compilation of familiar themes of family, forgiveness and love in a new way -- lilo &stich has a number of other assets to recommend it to film auditors both innocent and tortured.
1 Maybe it's a cliche to call the movie "refreshing," but it is.
0 As predictable as d the result of a Globetrotter -General game juwanna man is even more grotesque than one would expect from the type -in -a -dress genre, and a personal low point for all involved.
1 almodovar is a fantastic teacher of emotional intelligence in this captivating film about two men discovering what William James once called "the gift of tears".
1 a fantastically vital film that invests real humor, sensuality and sympathy in a story about two young boys.
0 ...The story is long, illogical and simply stupid.
1 And Lee seems as hopeful as a loving, wide -ranging welcome.
0 It's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from each other instead of talking and it's all about the silence and when you're into that, you have it.
1 an old -fashioned drama of substance over the teacher's slide the slippery rise of dishonesty after a meeting with the rich and powerful who have nothing but contempt for virtue.
0 Another useless recycling of a brutal mid -70s American sports film.
0 the kind of film that leaves vague impressions and an unpleasant aftertaste, but little clear memory of its operative mechanics.
1 Harley adds enough twisted and satirical touches to the script to keep the movie entertaining.
1 As literary defamations go, this makes it perfectly acceptable, sometimes very enjoyable children's entertainment.
0 This intolerable film is supposed to make you think of existential suffering.
1 silly, crazy, consistently funny.
0 Two great things are missing, everything that approaches an inner kick, and everything that approaches a vague reason to sit through it all.
1 If ````````lilo ``stick''is not the most exciting piece of Disney animation to hit the silver screen, then this is the first film to use an Aquarella interface, since ``````````````````````dumbo'' is certainly the most original one in years.
1 While it has certain weaknesses, such as a rather incredible love interest and a rocking ending, this 60 -year -old caper film is a captivating, vivid enjoyment.
1 It's a talking head documentary, but a great one.
0 an extremely unpleasant film.
1 Director Juan Jose Campanella could have turned this into an Argentinean rematch of ``iris''or ```American beauty'', but instead he draws a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than any of these films.
0 Not good enough to pass a generation gap paint test and not bad enough to fend off every generation of his fans.
0 After seeing the movie, I can tell you that there's no other reason to bother remembering it.
0 The main roles are Schticky Chris Rock and Anthony Hopkins, who are hardly seen in the same movie.
0 Just -lrb - and literally -rrb - throws around sex toys and offers half -hearted couples for permission, which are repeatedly undermined by the brutality of jokes, especially at the expense of women.
0 Terrible.
0 Throw everything in, except someone pulling the needle out of a grenade with his teeth. Windtalkers seem to have searched every old World War II movie for overly familiar material.
0 Chai's structure and pacing have disturbing slack.
1 If you grew up on Scooby... You're gonna love this movie.
1 Delightfully fast moving, hard -hitting documentary.
1 When you come from a family that eats, interferes, fights, laughs, quibbles and fights together, look at this delightful comedy.
0 The director usually plays straight, transforming leys''fable into a joyless ascent to the social ladder.
0 Millions of dollars accumulated on a project of this magnitude must earn more rewards than the fancy bluescreen technique and stylish weapons.
0 Any film that does not even mention political prisoners, poverty and the shipping of people trying to flee the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by a Valentine sealed with a kiss.
0 It's depressing to see how far it's fallen.
0 Some episodes work, some don't.
1 like his new English characters, most of whom wander in thick clouds of denial, the film finally comes to his real emotional business, with deep chords of sadness protruding.
0 all the more disturbing for her relatively bloodless references to the serial killings, but she falls into her attempts to humanize her subject.
0 A film of empty, fetish violence, where murder is casual and funny.
1 For those who are looking for something else, wendigo is a truly bone -chilling story.
0 Disappointing compared to other recent war movies... or any other John Woo -Flick for that matter.
1 It is a familiar story, but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence.
1 becomes a fascinating study on isolation and frustration that successfully mimics both the physical attitude and emotional tension of the papi sisters.
1 The murderous maids do not shy away from blows in their depiction of the life of the Papin sister and the events that led to her infamity's notorious rise.
1 it is not nearly as fresh or pleasant as its predecessor, but there are enough high points to keep this from a complete waste of time.
0 The film does not add anything fresh to the myth.
0 It's not like it's a terrible movie to steal Harvard if it's just such a big mistake!
0 The script draws attention to too many tried and true tricks, which make it hardly different from the next Teen Comedy.
0 a red exercise in animation and storytelling.
1 In his last efforts, Storytelling, Solondz has finally made a film t hat is not only offensive t, but also good t.
0 Enough is not a bad movie, only mediocre.
1 a clever, bold and exceptionally charming romantic comedy.
0 Stoffy, full of himself, morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about.
0 reyes''Directed debut has good things to offer, but ultimately it is undone by a sloppy script
0 He wears his heart on the sleeve of his gaudy shirt.
1 It's a spectacular achievement, we hope it's just a game.
0 ...the way the film is viewed on its subject is too quiet and thoughtful for agitprop, and the fragility of its characterization makes it a failure as a straight drama.
1 Symbolically warm water under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy, a tribute to the power of women to heal.
1 They come from his film overwhelmed, hopeful and, perhaps paradoxically, illuminated.
0 The equlibrium could apply to a thirteen -year book report on the totalitarian themes 1984 and 451.
1 a film of delicate interhuman dances.
1 -lrb -westbrook -rrb - makes a wonderful topic for the camera.
1 cusack's just brilliant in this.
1 What an amazingly brilliant and entertaining film this is.
1 never let go of your emotions, bringing them to surprising heights, sad depths and hidden impulsive niches. enticing, passionate, and sometimes unusually moving.
1 Few films have captured the chaos of an urban fire with such rage, and the spectators will feel as shaken as Nesbitt's Cooper looks when the bullets stop flying.
1 the best movie by ferrara in years.
0 We have a gripping confrontation with Farce, a thoughtful dialogue pushed aside by a ruler, and a visual style that contains rotoscope animation without any visible reason, except, perhaps, that it looks.
1 When you look at war photographers, you think that posterity hates the wars it shows and trusts the sacrifices it reveals.
0 It would be difficult to find a film figure more unattractive or smellier than Leon -rrb.
0 What pissed me off at Clause Two was that Santa Claus was so hard on the reality of the 21st century, it's disgusting.
1 Ash Wednesday is not Edward Burns' best movie, but it is a good and ambitious movie.
0 The main actors do not share chemistry or engage charisma.
0 Ms. Phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma and is unable to project either the Esther's original anomaly or her possible awakening.
0 If the film does not float in its characters''frustrations', it is busy inventing false, sitcom -worthy solutions to its problems.
1 polished, well structured film.
0 Laughter is as rare as Snake foo yung.
1 an eloquent, reflective and beautiful meditation on the profoundly devastating events of a year ago as well as on the slow, painful healing process that followed.
0 But there's enough to offend everyone.
0 Then it gets long and boring like a class play in a college history class.
1 an exceptional act, a silent influence on police drama.
1 One of the best movies I've ever seen, constantly pulling the rug out from under us, seeing things from new sides, sinking deeper, getting more intense.
0 Stitch is a bad way, ugly and destructive little
1 an intelligent -made -lrb - and beautifully edited -rrb - image that has at least one spark of life, more than can be said for many movies that flow through the Hollywood Pipeline without any problems.
1 Charlie Hungnam has the blinking eyes, the suppressed smile and the determined face it takes to execute a Dickensian hero.
0 What should have been a painless time killer becomes a hard endurance test instead.
0 The film has -lrb - its -rrb - moments, but they are few and far between.
0 If religious films are not your job, stay away.
1 This captivating documentary film... is both playful and invasive, a deep portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was basically unknown even to his closest friends.
1 a wild, loving, masterful documentary.
1 a terrible day in Irish history is passionate, if anything wrong, given treatment.
0 the April 2002 tranche of the American War of Independence, complete with a lot of cgi and shepherds of violence, but not a drop of human blood.
0 If there was any doubt that Peter O'Fallon had no original bone in his body, a rumor of angels should dispel it.
0 There's something full frontal, I think, about artistry and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them, but like most movie puzzles it only works if you're interested in the characters you see.
0 a football remake of the smaller league of the longest courtyard.
0 "It's painful to see the talents of reed spoons wasted in superfluous movies, like legal blonde and s cute house abomination, I mean, Alabama
1 It's absolutely amazing how Kevin Donovan managed to add something new to the cannon of chan for the first time.
1 It is so raw and action -packed an experience like a ringside seat in a tough competition.
0 To me, it sounds like a cruel deception by men of marginal intelligence, with reactionary ideas about women and a complete lack of empathy.
1 You have no problem getting the kids to eat these vegetables.
0 too thready and tacky to be really charming.
0 It doesn't work as well.
0 This one targets the toilet and gets a direct hit.
0 In the name of an allegedly inspiring and easy -to -sell flirt, the Emperor Club closes its eyes to teaching the story it claims.
0 The film is destroyed by a film methodology that is only experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience as it clicks to sound hardened Indian heads.
1 two boring acts of light on great fear and a good surprise ending.
1 and your reward will be a thoughtful, emotional film experience.
0 Obviously.
1 "Birthday Child" is an actor in the first place.
1 The little girls understand, and McCracken knows that's all that matters.
0 The pace is often far away and there are too many good moans under too few laughs.
1 I liked it because it was so endless, grotesque, inventive.
1 which in itself is extraordinary.
1 Yes!
1 k -19: the widower is a great yarn.
1 and instructive!
1 to experience an undeniably moving film, and ultimately that is what it is worth a recommendation.
1 Confessions aren't always coherent, but they're sharp funny and surprisingly touching, so hold the gong.
0 The film has the twisted feeling of a summer camp talent show: hastily written, underwritten, arbitrarily planned and filled with rude humor and vulgar allusions.
1 sharp edges and a deep vein of sadness run through their otherwise strange story.
1 Crush is so warm and fuzzy, you can forgive his mean second half.
0 Strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose, and in this o -so -important category the four feathers are short.
1 The best teaching is one carried by a strong sense of humanism, and Bertrand tavernier's often -brilliant safe leadership -lrb ```laissez -passer'-rrb'-wears his heart on his sleeve.
0 I have returned from the afterlife to warn you: this film is 90 -minute long and life is too short.
1 ...Although you are close to the finish line, the film runs a good race, which you will have for long distances at the edge of your seat.
1 Funny and often surprising, a dark little moral story disguised as a romantic comedy.
0 They are the nameless, easily interchangeable forces that the heroes of horror films try to avoid as what terror.
1 Observing these eccentrics is both inspiring and pure joy.
0 The greatest star power of spain does not overcome the turbulence of the touching tragedy.
0 Director Jay Russell puts on shoes about Natalie Babbitt's gentle, lovable children's novel 1975.
1 colorful, energetic and sweet skurril... the rare continuation that is better than its predecessor.
0 ...a presumptuous and ultimately empty investigation of a sick and evil woman.
1 a small film with a big heart.
1 Maggie G. makes an amazing breakthrough in her first leading role and eats the screen.
0 The majority of the film is so deadly boring that the appearance of the proverbial color dry would be a welcome improvement.
1 -lrb -the roosters -rrb - offers a window into a subculture that expresses itself in every possible way.
1 Most thrillers send out an audience that talks about certain frightening scenes or moments; ``weak''leaves us the frightening message that the real horror awaits us at home.
1 The difference between Cho and most comics is that their trust in their material is earned.
0 This remake of Lina Wertmuller's 1975 Eroti comedy could be the biggest husband and wife disaster since John and bo Derek made the ridiculous Bolero.
0 -lrb -a -rrb - badly executed comedy.
1 Holland leaves things half way off, but it is remarkably better handled and much less stupid than some other newer efforts in the emerging genre of films about black urban professionals.
1 Rogers' mouth never stops talking about the war between the sexes and how to win the fight.
1 Lawrence Plumb's personal tragedy and also the human comedy.
1 maintains your compassion for this otherwise challenging soul by sharing your one -room world for a while.
1 tends to stack too many ```serious problems''sometimes on his plate', but remains quite easy, always entertaining', and smartly written.
1 an inventive film that is as difficult to classify as it is to resist.
1 -lrb -russell -rrb - makes good b -movies -lrb - the mask, the blob -rrb -and the scorpion king more than suitable to meet these standards.
0 what little grace -lrb - Rifkin's -rrb - narration of precarious dignity in the slide is achieved is pushed to the margins by predictable plots and tiring histrionics.
1 The last scenes of the film are painful, bitter and truthful.
0 As sincere as she may be, the rising place never fully justifies its own existence.
0 The whole thing feels like a ruse, a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is built around a core of poorly constructed or, worse still, non -existent ideas.
0 Supposedly authentic representation of a historical event that is far too tragic to deserve such superficial treatment.
0 No laughing.
1 But the actors make it worth a look.
1 a jewel of a movie.
0 The whole thing is playing like a tired Tyco ad.
0 It's exactly the kind of film Tobak's critics always accuse him of making.
1 Mr. Clooney, Mr. Kaufman and all of their employees have the right to bow down deeply because they have developed a captivating conversation from an almost safe recipe for a critical and commercial disaster.
0 It would be outrageous to pity everyone, to get the comfort you can find in the dragonfly, but it is impossible to find the film anything other than awful, shamelessly manipulative and inventive, and completely unreliable.
0 Both deserve better.
1 Between them, de niro and murphy make showtime the warmest and funniest guilty pleasure of many more recent film season.
1 The film has a strange purity t hat doesn't bring you into the characters as much as you studied them.
0 Hit me, I saw that movie.
1 visually, ``santa clause 2 'is amazingly creative.
1 A coming story from New Zealand, whose calm air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and profound performance throughout the area.
1 "it is better to fully understand what will"happen "but ready to take the seriousness of his performance and skill of his cast to a familiar street with a few turns.
1 A portrait of hell so crumbling it is impossible to shake.
0 Hopelessly stupid, humorless and under -inspired.
0 Bogdanich is shameless for Serbs and hardly tries to represent the other side.
0 Like a pile of dynamite rods built for controversy.
1 Take every 12 -year -old boy to see this picture, and he will be your slave for a year.
1 miyazaki's nonstop images are so breathtaking, and his imagination so vivid, that the only possible jammer you could have about spinted away is that there is no rest period, no timeout.
1 Acting director Sam Mendes depicts Tom Hanks as a hit man in this dark story of revenge.
1 Veret233 has a clever sense of narrative bluffs.
0 Heavy -duty, fertilizing soap opera disguised as a feature film.
0 gets the look and the period trappings right, but otherwise it drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clicks233s.
1 Director Roger Kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counteract the cruelty.
1 a bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception, which, although it cannot compete with the historical pieces of the filmmaker, is still very valuable.
0 adorable to look at, but unbearably boring and stubborn.
0 In a better movie, you might not have noticed.
1 a rather pleasant mixture of the longest yard...and the 1999 guy ritchie caper lock stock and two smoking barrels.
0 The re -productions, however fascinating as history may be, are too coarse to serve the work particularly well.
1 If a horror movie is the main goal to scare and disturb, then they work spectacularly well... a trembling, nerve -inducing ride.
0 oedekerk cups merciless, and the really funny jokes are few and far between.
0 often silly and disgusting, but it's rarely as idiotic as some campus grubb -out movies.
1 The first real masterpiece of spielberg, it deserved all the hearts it won and still wins, 20 years later.
0 ...Unlike lrb - scorsese's common streets -rrb -,Esche Wednesday is essentially free of interesting signs or even a semi -interesting action.
1 You may feel compelled to watch the film twice or a book on the subject.
1 slow and thoughtful, but Rohmer's drama builds on an intense inner drama about compassion, sacrifice and Christian love in the face of political corruption.
0 Sheridan records the memoirs of the author. It is a rather toothless admission into a tough young life.
1 Godard has never made a more beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love, history, memory, resistance and artistic transcendence.
0 Undertested and lifeless
1 The film offers a fascinating, what if premise.
0 This tenth film in the series looks tired.
1 They do not need to sink sociology, pop culture or cinema in the 1950s to appreciate the emotional depth of Heunes' work.
1 I have seldom seen a film so willing to defend the flaws of the human heart.
1 a funny romantic comedy.
1 What moves this film, beyond the sharp direction of the Kardoso and the beautifully detailed performances of all actors, is a disregard for social dictates.
1 a charming little film that swells in its own simplicity, usually Martha leaves you with a smile on your face and a growl in your belly.
1 It's hard to argue with a Flick with s o many real Cackles, but notorious C.O. still feels like a promising work in progress.
0 A stupid hip -hop fantasy filled with guns, expensive cars, lots of naked women and rocky clothes.
1 a strong and confident work that works so well for the first 89 minutes, but ends so terribly confusing in the last two
0 even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation cannot engage.
1 With Bowling for Columbine, Michael Moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns, violence and fear.
1 I liked it just enough.
1 It's the funniest American comedy since Graffiti Bridge.
1 After an uncertain start, assassination attempts and generally gets a higher plateau with Bullock's memorable first interrogation of Gosling.
1 Although no objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from middle -aged participants, Dogtown and z -boys have a convincing story to tell.
1 ...a delicious crime scene on the level with the finest of mamet.
0 At the peak of a shrinking performance, lrb Madonna's rrb denies its own athletics by illuminating each line and saying.
1 On the surface, a silly comedy, Scotland, Pa would be forgotten if it weren't for such a clever adaptation of Bard's tragic game.
1 mostly works because of the universal themes, serious performances.and excellent use of music by India's popular gulzar and jagjit singh.
0 to give the film points is bravo -- to take a completely outdated concept and push it through the carnivore of the audience once again.
1 But the performances of pacino, Williams, and Swank hold the viewer through all the way.
0 a boring, presumptuous mess, that's a sensational, real crime from the 19th century. as a metaphor for... Well, I'm not quite sure what... and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop.
1 Far from heaven is a shining conceptual achievement, but more than that it is a work of captivating drama.
1 Blessed with a glowing lead performance by Ryan Gosling -lrb - murder by numbers -rrb - the movie is powerful and provocative.
0 The film continues to fall desperately into the comedy of futility.
0 It almost feels like the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than entertaining us.
0 an inexpensive new edition of foreign images.
0 He's content with the worst elements of all.
1 There is none of the happy until the end of the monsoon wedding in the late marriage, and that is part of what makes Dover Kosashvili's outstanding feature debut so potent.
0 The whole movie is a big excuse to play one dirty scene after another.
1 a fascinating study of the joyous, turbulent self -discovery made by an ordinary middle -aged woman.
1 has an unmistakable, light joie de vivre.
1 It's a rare window on artistic collaboration.
0 report card: doesn't live to the high tagline - there's definity room for improvement.
0 To focus too intensively on Hal Hartley's efforts to function as a pastry, no such thing is Harley's least accessible Estrich yet.
1 a backstage must -see for true fans of comedy.
0 He has the muscles, but not the brain.
0 lacks dramatic impact and depth.
1 It may be a children's game, but at least it's a fun, non -brainer.
0 Like the painful end of days, collateral damage presents blacker than a tragic figure, but sympathy really belongs to any viewer who is forced to try out so many complicated facial expressions.
1 a great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback movie about growing up in a dysfunctional family.
0 Ozpetek offers a subtext with help, skips the realities of the gay sex and presents another tired old vision of the gay community as an all -inclusive world in which the stuck middle class like Antonia can feel good.
0 The Leads are so unreasonable, despite several attempts at long dialogue scenes, that one ultimately refuses to breathe in the material used by this gossip novelist.
0 a relative disappointment.
0 from his disgusting spinning credits sequence to a very talented but unused supporting cast, Bartleby waster as much as there is.
1 A realistic, terrifying film that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade cop stories.
1 brings an irresistible mixture of warmth and humor and a consistent embrace of humanity in the face of the hardness of life.
0 Useless picture of street and buddy.
0 It's been thirteen months and 295 preview screenings since I left a movie last time, but resident evil really deserves my disarmed, preventative descent.
1 The slimmest and most common of the Misanthropic comedies of Solondz.
1 It belongs to Nicholson.
1 His metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didactism, and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible, almost mystical work.
0 Starts as an intense political and psychological thriller, but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other Hollywood action cliches.
1 Even if he pushes his agenda too hard, it remains a film about something that tries and often reaches a degree of connection and concern.
0 The film is grossly contradictory if it conveys its social message, if there really is one.
1 Dartingly perceptive, taut, piercing and festy, biggie and tupac is undeniably subversive and involved in his bold presentation.
0 Boyd's screenplay, lrb co -written with guardian Hack Nick Davis, has a florid twist of phrase that owes more to the guy Ritchie than the Bard of Avon.
1 Not for fear, but for a mood in which a ominous, ubiquitous, and unknown threat lurks directly below the process, adding an almost constant attitude of tension.
1 This deeply spiritual film intervenes in the meaning and comfort of communication after death.
1 I know I'll never listen to Marvin Gaye or the Supremes again.
0 a big, loud, bang -the -drum drill.
0 Horribly amateur filmmaking, which is simply boring and visually ugly if it is not incomprehensible.
0 After collateral damage you can imagine that almost every damaged father Clich233has not been reversed.
1 predictable storyline and by -the -book scripting is anything but washed away by the lavish ocean visual and film styles of director John stockwell.
1 laugh -out -loud lines, delightful but heartfelt performances, and sparkling, bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase for the modern girl's dilemma.
1 Basically a collection of bits... And they're all rude.
0 They have the impression that the author and director Burr Ochse know the area, but his sense of humor has not yet lost the self -indulgent complacency that is usually associated with better private schools.
1 ultimately less committed to his history of actual existential despair than to his borderline formal innovations and a look at another kind of Chinese ``cultural revolution'.'
1 Fortunately, some things are immune to the folly, taste and attitude to change.
0 Spectators will need all the luck they can muster just to find out who's in this pompous mess.
1 The viewer takes great pleasure in being one step ahead of the resourceful Molly.
1 When we were soldiers, Hollywood bravely tries to tell a story about the Vietnam War before going into pathology.
0 Well, it's probably not right to call it a movie.
1 one of the smarter offers the horror genre has produced in recent times, even though it is much more tame than advertised.
1 a successful film of self -reflective, philosophical nature.
0 It just sits there like a side dish that nobody ordered.
1 Filmmakers then janklowicz -mann and amir mann -area towards the east, far east, depicting a historically significant and personal episode, as an international city welcomed tens of thousands of German Jewish refugees, while democracy of the world
0 Who exactly is fighting who here?
0 can be as tiring as 9 seconds of jesse helms''anti -castro rhetoric contained
0 It is a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change, observe such a character, especially if in as flat and inappropriate a way as phoenix's.
0 In truth, it has the whole heart of a porn movie, but none of the pure lust -rrb -.
0 Cherry would have worked a lot better if it had been a short film.
1 If you are looking for an intelligent film in which you can release your inhaled anger, enough is just the ticket you need.
0 Maybe there's a metaphor here, but finding out wouldn't cause trouble every day.
0 a zippy 96 minutes or moderately special effects, hoary dialogue, fluxing accents, and -- worst of all -- silly -looking morlocks.
0 Sometimes a movie comes along that's so insanely stupid, so horrible in so many ways that it makes you dizzy.
1 But it's entertaining on a lesser level.
1 Plummer steals the show without escaping to the camp, when Nicholas wounded and wounded Uncle Ralph.
0 provokes the frustration, discomfort and euphoria of growing up without relying on the usual tropics.
1 It is a head tournament, thought -written, beautifully read and finally deeply humanizing.
0 As it is, it's too long and not focused.
0 This is not a classic dramatic animation, nor a hip, contemporary, in -jokey one.
1 I'm not a fan of the phrase "yes to life" because it usually means "slim," but real women have curves really is life yes.
0 too much storytelling distances itself from solondz'social criticism by casting its audience as the intellectual lecturer in considering the professional injuries of the author.
1 Charlotte's a gem sometimes.
1 Australia: Country beyond time is a delightful big movie, especially because Australia is a strange beautiful place.
1 as flawless as stuart little 2 is, it could be a lot better if it, well, more adventurous.
0 Further sad evidence that Tom Tykwer, director of resonance and sensory perception, Lola Run, turned out to be a one -trick pony, a manufacturer of soft -ad metaphysical claptrap.
1 Irb -a -rrb - satisfying Niblet.
1 This is a fascinating view into the future as ``bladerunner''and one of the most advanced sci -fi adventures that have been tried for the screen.
0 The combination of shamefully written dialogue with fluttering body movements that replace action is the clumsy soap opera story.
1 It quickly becomes a shocking study of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide.
0 They're trying to guess the order in which the children in the house are tortured.
1 payne has created a beautiful canvas, and Nicholson proves once again that he is the best brush in the business.
0 -lrb -seal -rrb - and co -authors Lisa Bazadona and Grace Woodard have relied too much on conventions to create the characters that surround Frankie.
1 While the material is small, the film is better than you think.
0 The film features a little ambitious writing, using an action that could have come from an animated script textbook.
1 The strength of the film is not in its details, but in the larger picture it paints a culture that is in conflict with itself, with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest, media -soaked fears.
0 I don't think most people who loved the paradise of 1989 will prefer this new version.
0 a slow pace and the lack of real narrative ensure the film in every respect as much as life in the minds of these young women.
0 Bromfield's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all, and even those with an enthusiastic interest in the subject become impatient.
1 usually, -lrb - goldbacher -rrb - only leaves their complicated characters unfriendly, confusing and, by all means, human.
0 even with its $50 -million -us budget, pinocchio never quite reaches the feeling of a fantastic motion picture.
0 Adam Sandler's heart may be in the right place, but he has to pull his head out of his ass.
1 a real mind bender.
1 Just as the recent Argentinean film Son of the Bride reminds us that a feeling -good film can still show true heart, the time of grace presents us with an action film that actually has a brain.
0 This frenetic spectacle -lrb - in the TV show -rrb - was usually acidified by a charm that is conspicuously lacking from the girls''Big Screen Blowout.
1 Nonchalant and unusually pleasant, warm water may be the best and most unpredictable comedy of the year.
1 It is all -powerful, a voice for a pop cyber culture that feeds on its beauty.
0 Qualities that used to be fun become irritating.
1 This is a story that goes all the way with originality, humor and pathos.
0 What a suffocating, inhuman mess!
0 to stagey, talky -- and lang -- for his own good.
0 Every John Waters movie has hit him from a mile away.
1 a delicious aperitif that makes you want more.
1 This gender -bending comedy is usually quite funny when it is unoriginal on its own.
0 a senseless exploitation film, a stylless exercise in manipulation and chaos.
0 There is a lack of compassion, good humour and insight that made the -lrb - eyre's -rrb - first film something like a sleeping success.
0 Personally, I'd rather watch them on the animal planet.
1 As the film's commander -in -chief, Bigelow shows a breadth of vision and a love of detail that drives her to the upper ranks of the directing world.
0 An annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that makes no sense and goes nowhere.
1 Art demands to see live.
0 Paul Cox had to show it.
1 Amazing...-lrb - frames -rrb - profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment.
1 Although the subject may still be too close to recent national events, the film works mainly because of its superior characters.
1 a moving street film.
1 When you burst through the boundaries of your source, this is an adapted film from television that actually looks like it belongs on the big screen.
1 even with all its bottles enigma offers all the joy of a beautiful and well -designed entertainment.
0 The images have no contrast, they are cloudy and often too dark to decipher.
1 There is a real visual charge for filmmaking and a strong erotic spark to the main lip reading sequence.
1 If you are in the right b -film frame of mind, it can only scare you out of your pants.
1 City by the sea is a grity police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for.
0 Dark blunt science -fi comedy.
1 It's strange, wonderful, and not necessarily for children.
1 executed with such gentle but persistent honesty, with such good humour and appreciation of the daily grinding that only the toughest Scrooge could not answer.
1 Maybe he read the audience's thoughts.
1 Grenier is great, brings an involuntary, fast delivery to Toback's heathen and Nietzsche reference dialogue.
0 The fifth beer -soaked film feels in almost every possible way, from the writing and direction to the muddy performances.
1 less like the sensational true -criminal Hell Rid purists and more experimental in their storytelling lrb, but no less frightening for them -rrb -.
0 It's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball club and teenage rap and teenage poster boy lil''bow wow.
0 It works as a storyteller.
1 A first -class roadmap that proves you can run away from home, but your ego and all your problems go with you.
0 The nonstop work is ultimately tiring, as the surface histrionics cannot compensate for paper -thin characterizations and facilitated situations.
0 It makes me say the obvious: give up all hope of a good movie that you will enter here.
0 Swears you've been watching monkeys throwing their feces at you.
0 Yeah, I gave this movie a zero rating.
1 a lively romantic comedy about friendship, love and the truth that we're all in this together.
1 The locations range from strong desert to beautiful beaches.
0 an acceptable way to spend a little over an hour with Moviegoers age 8 -10, but it is unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit of mcdonald's, let alone some smart street activism.
1 Those who are not stopped by the thrift of the film will find it more than capable of rewarding them.
0 has nothing good to say but the fact that it is relatively short tries its best to hide the fact that Seagal's overweight and out of shape.
0 Like a three -ring circus, there are many side stories that none of them are unforgettable.
1 a fascinating literary mystery story with several strands about the controversy over who really wrote Shakespeare's plays.
0 Just too stupid and ridiculous to tie up his target audience.
1 ...one of the most influential works of the Korean new wave.
1 the closest to the experience of space travel
0 At the moment, they are merely signs that mark the slow death of fantasy.
0 While it is easier to sit than most of Jaglom's self -confident and annoying movies, it is still spoiled by cliches, painful improbability and gloomy spots.
1 Bon app233T3;tit!
1 As animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool, this is a film dedicated to tradition and warmth.
0 Boy, does that franchise ever run out of gas.
0 The film itself is about something very interesting and strange that would probably work better than a real documentary without the hint of mediocre acting or a rather banal narrative.
0 Two hours of trash.
0 This is absolutely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered the terrible pain of a cancer code.
1 I love the opening scenes of a winter New York City in 1899.
1 Irb d -rrb spies on his familiar subject, the Ice Age is always amusing and captivating.
1 Although his rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations, the film has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it should.
0 The alternative medicine obviously has its advantages. But Ayurveda does not do the field any favours.
1 A living witness to the power of the eccentric and the strange.
0 It's not as bad as some of the recent Hollywood Trips, but it's a long way from a groundbreaking venture.
1 Unfaithful drama is beautifully filmed, well worked and distinguished by an outstanding performance by Diane Lane.
0 a soulless confusion of unclean composite cliches and Pabulum, which plays like a 95 -minute advertisement for nba properties.
0 Speechfulness is not necessarily bad, but dialogue often misses the mark.
0 But the 2002 movie doesn't really believe in it and breaks the mood with absurd inappropriate'comedy 'scenes.
0 Not as grotesque as angry.
0 like life on the island, the film becomes boring despite the landscape.
0 the material and the production itself are little more than routine.
0 aspires to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of bucaroo banzai, but thanks to an amazingly mindless script ends more like the adventure of ford fairlane.
1 much more successful, although much less ambitious than last year's exercise "kubrick -meets -spielberg".
1 If it's so rich and luxurious, who cares?
1 informative, fascinating, attentive, often touching.gives a person the face, which is often discussed in purely abstract terms.
1 a convincing pre -wwii drama with vivid characters and a warm, moving message.
0 a bizarre piece of work, with the premise and dialogue at the level of children''television and action threads as dark as teenage pregnancy, rape and alleged murder
0 At best Cletis tout could inspire a trip to the video stores to find a better film experience.
0 skip this shit and hack your nose instead because you're sure to get more out of the last experience.
1 What a concept, what an idea, what an exciting ride.
1 Unlike most surf movies, Blue Crush uses exciting modern technology to bring the viewer into the wave.
0 Be warned, if you're depressed about anything in this movie, you might try drowning in a lake afterwards.
0 It is obvious that the best years of franchise are long over.
1 It hits hardest if it reminds you how relevant your dynamics remain.
1 Most consumers of lo mein and general tso's chickens hardly give a thought to the people who prepare and deliver it, so'hopefully', this film will attach a human face to all these small steaming boxes.
0 Even with regard to the inferior cheese standards on which it works, it never quite makes quality as cheap waste.
0 The nicest thing to say about the theft of Harvard Irb, who may be bullied as Freddy by a dog, is that it's not as disgusting as Tom Green's Freddie Finger s got.
0 No matter what.
0 It's just very bad.
1 A piece about our infantilised culture, which is not entirely infantile.
0 Rymer doesn't trust laughter and doesn't conjure proper respect for followers of the entire dead undead genre who deserve more than a few screaming special effects.
0 The attempt to form the head or tail of history in the Hip -Hop India Snipes is enough to create a brain stem, and the payment is negligible.
1 The film gives a pretty good overview of the situation in Laramie after the murder of Matthew Shepard.
0 This toothless dog, already on the cable, loses all bites on the big screen.
1 This rich, bittersweet Israeli documentary about the life of the song and dance man Pasach, ke burstein and his family, transcends ethnic lines.
0 boll uses a lot of fast cutting and blurred step printing to embellish things, but stupid dialogue and sometimes insufficient performance kill the effect.
0 This 90 -minute duet could happen for Mike Tyson's e!
0 A generic family comedy is hardly appreciated by anyone outside the Under -10 set.
0 an amateur, quasi -improvised action exercise on ugly digital video.
0 The very simple story seems too simple and the work of the act almost arbitrary.
0 The elements were all there, but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat.
1 exactly what his title implies: lustless, silent and absolutely charming.
0 What remains is a variant of nincompoop benigni persona, here a more annoying, albeit less angry version of the irresponsible Sandlerian sometimes, undercut by the voice of the star of the Road Trip.
0 hefare is a dud... a romantic comedy that is not the least bit romantic and just slightly funny.
1 Here, the warm -up focuses less on forced air than on the subtle, clever direction... and a wonderful, imaginative script by Axel hellestenius.
0 Let's see, a haunted house, a ghost ship, what's next... a ghost pimp?
0 with its color struggles, motorized scooter chases and dewy -eye sentiment s, it's a pretty funny collection of kid -movie clich233s.
1 Based on Dave Barry's popular book with the same name, the film benefits from a real author Plot of all characters''Moves and overlapping history.
0 What's missing is what we call the "wow" factor.
0 Normally I am fascinated by Rohmer's so und films, but if he moves his attitude into the past and relies on a historical text, he loses the wealth of characterisation that makes his films so unforgettable.
0 Although it is amusing from time to time, I have the same problems that most action comedies have.
1 They pay attention to the feeling of openness, the little surprises.
1 the urban landscapes are detailed except for the signs on the kiosks, and the color palette with lots of dark blues and pins is dreamy and evocative.
0 The lingering impression, despite the mild hallucinogenic noise, is an overwhelming waste, the hectare skin couture cannot completely hide that there is nothing here that resembles a spine.
1 It throws bizarre signs, strange situations, and off -kilter dialogue at us, all as if to say, ``` see this!
1 Alan and his survivors are, of course, enough to raise the movie's playwriting 101 premise.
1 a film neither bitter nor sweet, neither romantic nor comical, neither warm nor blurry.
0 of all Halloween's this is the visually unattractive.
1 Light, silly, photographed with color and depth, and rather a good time.
1 It's refreshing to see such a clever romance.
0 sodden and glum, even in those moments when it should feel funny and light.
0 With little self -awareness, the lrb crane -rrb becomes more of a sample than a character, and the automotive focus remains a cool, clinical laboratory report.
0 Nothing about the movie except Elizabeth Hurley's breasts is authentic.
1 a manically generous Christmas vaudeville.
1 The powder blues and the sunny white of the Tunis make an enticing backdrop for this sensual and lively story of a first widow who finds an improbable publication in the belly dance clubs.
1 With the words and the direction of the writer Douglas McGrath, a very good yarn is told.
0 I approached the usher and said if she had to go through it again, she should ask for a raise.
1 It makes you think the cast and crew had a good time and believed in their little budget movie.
1 The film is enriched by a fantastically mixed cast of ancient spirits, led by Christoph Plummer as the most subtle and complex evil uncle Ralph, whom I have ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work.
1 These three films form a remarkably coherent whole, both visually and thematically, through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored person.
1 smart and attentive, thirteen conversations about one thing is a little gem.
1 Very funny!
1 ...takes the Bible memory of the potential for holiness, makes it meaningful both for children and for church -conscious adults.
0 It's just weird, for the sake of curiosity, and where human nature should engage, it's just scratchy.
0 His bold ambitions, sabotaged by splendor, emerge Steven Soderberg's Raumoper as a stunningly dull experience.
1 It works its magic with such enthusiasm and passion that the length of the film becomes part of its fun.
0 Even if the enticing prospect of a lot of young actors in a film about campus bullying did not fade beneath the deliberate, exhausting ugliness, it would be fatigued by the failure of the Avary to construct a story with a trace of dramatic interest.
0 It takes too long and crashes into a wave of signs and unnecessary subplots.
0 a comfort film that doesn't give you enough to feel good.
0 Give Shapiro, Goldman and Bolado credit for their good intentions, but there's nothing they couldn't have done in half an hour.
0 I felt this movie until it went too far into the Exxon Zone and left me at the station to find a return ticket to realism.
1 If the real story is really inspiring, the film also excites us.
0 Disturbing.
1 The large -format Imax camera is perfect for filming the teeming life on the reefs, making this beautiful film a must for all, from young scientists to adult fish lovers.
0 It's hard to pity the ``simple''girl who becomes a ravishing orphan after putting on a lipstick stamp.
0 Why would someone who's not a character in this movie care?
0 the film's major and most devastating error is its dependence on formula, though, and it is quite enough to have the overall effect of the film.
0 It is depressing, ruthlessly painful and corrupt to stare the film equivalent into an open wound.
0 As aimless as an old pickup truck that gets completely out of control on a long piece of black ice, the movie leaves two hours like four.
1 a comedy drama of almost epic proportions rooted in a genuine performance by the title character in the midlife crisis.
0 ...contains very little laughter and even fewer surprises.
0 A terrible 99 -minute stink bomb.
1 You can watch, giggle and get an adrenaline rush without feeling like you've completely lowered your entertainment standards.
1 serious and warm, but undernourished and pludding.
0 a boring summer exercise in anticipation, whose pervasive silence is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise.
0 It's not exactly one of the worst movies of the year.
1 The film presents personal and dangerously honest revelations about the people and machines behind the curtains of our planet.
1 Wild's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and craftsmanship.
1 This is the best Star Trek movie in a long time.
1 a remarkably enticing film, which, in the narrowing of the Iron Age, about the longing of a suburban female in the face of a loss that shakes her happy and quiet life in the suburbs.
1 Instead of handling conventional material in a conventional way, the secretary takes the unexpected material and treats it in a highly unexpected way.
1 a winning comedy with their deceptive observations about long -standing friendships and the way we all lose ourselves by trying to please others.
0 Writer -director Randall Wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew, and his movie is spinning like a drunk driver through heavy traffic.
1 Like kissing Jessica stein, Amy's orgasm has a key force in his willingness to explore his main characters with honesty, insight and humor.
1 an enlightening view of the spirit and revolutionary spirit of these artists and their era.
0 begins promisingly but decays into a dark, humorless soap opera.
1 the touch is usually light enough and the performances, for the most part, credible.
1 It is sentimental, but feels free to insult, is analytical and then surrenders the illogical of its characters, is over sorrow and yet allowed to laugh.
0 Eight legged freaks who don't join the pantheon of big monster movies we love...
0 Howard and his co -stars perform all committed performances, but they are often destroyed by Howard's self -confident attempts to find a "literary" film style to suit his theme.
0 Actors must indeed be good at reciting some of these ridiculous dialogues with a straight face.
0 It is better suited for the history or biography channel, but there is no discussion about the tone of the film - it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your head.
0 A story that doesn't rise above its disgusting source material.
0 belongs to the category -hot -for -tv direct -to -video dvd and therefore I gave him a 1 -star rating.
0 Imagine a movie that starts as seven excerpts just to switch to a mix of the shiny, the thing and every naked teenage horror movie of the'80s.
0 without a fresh infusion of creativity 4ever is neither a promise nor a threat as much as wishful thinking.
1 This modest little film, driven by the light comedy of Zhao Benshan and the gentle ways of dong jie, is exactly the kind for those cinema films that complain that they no longer make films as they used to.
1 What doesn't this movie have that an impressionable child can't hear?
1 Stevens' living creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other movies about boys and dolls.
0 "in this pitiful remake of such a popular classic, Parker reveals the limitations of his abilities and the fundamental flaws in his vision."
0 general stupidity like this is a matter of taste.
0 a soap opera quality spin in the last twenty minutes... almost brings the kibosh to what is otherwise a magnificent work of b -film imagination.
0 The actors try hard, but come too amateurish and embarrassing.
0 Sometimes loud and offensive, but more often, it just paralyzes you into a gentle guard room.
1 We've seen it all before in one form or another, but Director Hoffman, with the great help of Kevin Kline, is making us worry about this last reincarnation of the world's greatest teacher.
1 easily the most meaningful fictional investigation of the deeper causes of anti -Semitism ever seen on the screen.
0 The man who wrote Rocky doesn't deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this.
0 About half of them are funny, some are sexy and none are useful to tell the story, which is paper thin and decidedly unoriginal.
1 The film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life, as seen through the eyes of outsiders, but skillfully manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague movies with the mentally ill.
0 Deceivers cannot think of doing anything with these characters, except let them run through dark tunnels, combat various anonymous attackers and deal with sophisticated surveillance technologies.
0 a great script that was run down in a bad direction.
0 New methods of describing evil must be invented to describe exactly how bad it is.
1 rubbo runs through a remarkable amount of material in the short 90 -minutes of the film.
0 While this movie has a'-list cast and some strong supporters, the story --like its central figure, vivi -- is just a little hard to love.
1 Zoom.
0 It is a bad sign if you are in favour of the film to hurry and get to its themes "death" only so that the documentary film will be over, but it is an indication of how uncomplicated the film is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest.
1 The creative animation work may not look as completely "rendered" as Pixar's industry standard, but it uses light effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree.
0 Any sequel you skip will be won by two hours.
1 It's hard to imagine that anyone has ever been in the mood to see a movie as shocking and painful, like the gray area, but it's just as hard to imagine that someone was able to tear their eyes off the screen once it started.
1 There is devastating evidence both of people's ability to do evil and of their heroic ability to do good.
1 makes one thing perfectly clear.
0 Cherry Fruit Garden is poorly handled, often uneasy and suffers from the addition of a completely unnecessary pre -credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ``backstory.''
0 too smooth and manufactured to maintain the credibility of the road.
1 The film is full of charm.
0 It is not the slightest Afghan tragedy that this noble warlord would be sent to the rubbish heap of history.
1 There are no special effects and no Hollywood endings.
0 While the Hollywood crowd has its share of tummy snails -lrb, including a knockout of a finish line -rrb), the film feels like a big missed opportunity.
1 We admire this film for its hard objectivity and its refusal to seek our tears, our sympathies.
1 A funny and well curved black comedy in which the old saying "Be careful what you wish for" is given a complete workout.
1 not a slutty creature feature, but something much more stylish and cerebral -- and, well, more cool effective.
0 This movie... doesn't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is.
1 One of the most important and stimulating forms of animated filmmaking since the old Walt Doodled Steamer Willie.
0 After a while, Hoffman's quirks and manners, especially his tendency to take a stab, things that seem so real in small cans become annoying and artificial.
1 It's not like a real Nijinsky movie, but at least it's better than the 1980 -year -old Biopic, using soap in the places where the mysteries stayed.
0 The only surprise is that Heavyweights Joel Silver and Robert zemecis have agreed to produce this; I assume the director has pictures of them screaming in women's underwear.
0 the general feeling is no different than a glorified episode of ```````````````7th Heaven.''
1 ...literally fun and beautifully exploitative.
1 So what's next?
0 In the end, it's not much.
0 An allegory that relates to the chronically mixed signals that African American professionals learn about over -exertion could be fascinating, but the supernatural properties only mask the message.
0 an incredibly annoying comedy about absolutely pointless people... manages to embody the worst excesses of Nouvelle vaguely without his sense of fun or energy.
1 The film itself is far from disappointing, offering an original recording on court films, a few refined turns that are so crucial to the genre and another first -class performance by Top -Billed Star Bruce Willis.
1 Norton is magnetic like Graham.
1 The biggest adventure of the year and Jackson's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has literally made literature without killing her soul.
1 a remarkable film with an unsatisfactory ending, which is just the point.
0 Mr. goyer is free, inexplicable direction is technically challenging in the worst way.
1 A strange little movie that is fun enough while you watch it, with fine acting moments and sharp insights into the show biz and media cultures of L.A.
1 a wonderful, horrible movie.
0 The film weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne.
0 The film is flat.
0 Stealing Harvard will dive into your wallet, steal 90 -minute time, and offer you just this as compensation: a few early laughs scattered around an action as thin as it is repeated.
1 Shiner can certainly go the distance, but is not World Championship material
0 But wind talkers don't beat him either.
0 Irb - Lee -rrb - treats his audience the same way Jim Brown treats his women... like stupid, gullible, modest, inferior subjects.
0 The problem with answers Fisher is that it has written a script of answers Fisher based on the book of answers Fisher.
0 If you think you've seen the end of the movie, we'll cut to a new scene that also seems to be the end.
1 a zinger -filled crowd -plender that open -minded Elvis fans -lrb - but by no means all -rrb - will be fun with.
0 The attempts of co -writer Jonathan Parker to develop a Brazilian satire are extremely short.
1 smart and funny, but much more witty than smart.
1 o fantasyma is courageous, self -centered, aesthetic and sexual, and its impact is profound and rightly disturbing.
1 A film about female friendship that men hug and women talk about for hours.
0 It looks good, son, but you missed the point.
0 There's nothing topical or sexy here.
0 Fincher doesn't take any apparent pleasure in movies, and he doesn't give any to the audience.
0 Even after 90 -minutes of playing against each other Bullock and Grant still look bad to share in the same scene.
0 Blood is ridiculous in the celebration with which it tries to pump life into revised elements from Eastwood's dirty Harry Period.
0 the slapstick is processed, and the larger sets are flat.
0 The pool drowned me in boredom.
1 -lrb -sports -rrb - admirable energy, full -bodied characterizations and narrative urgency.
1 here is a vh1 behind the music special t hat has something special behind it: music t hat has not sold many records but has changed a nation.
1 It's never boring and it always looks good.
1 competent but terminal cute drama.
1 A sweet, tender sermon about a 12 -year -old Welsh boy who's more curious about God than about girls who learn that belief in something is important.
0 loses his sense of humor in a barrel of failed jokes, shocks and general rudeness.
0 in the era of the soprano it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic.
1 I will.
0 It's hard to be surprised when you're almost asleep.
0 represents the depths into which the bad acting film has fallen.
0 An impenetrable and intolerable ball of pseudo -philosophical nonsense.
0 The film is a serious attempt at Beachcombing verismo, but it would be even more unclear than it would be for Ms. Ambrose's striking, quiet vulnerable personality.
0 It is the element of exaltation, while filmmakers look down on their working class themes from their lofty perch, which eventually makes sex with strangers, which is now being opened in the New York Metropolitan Area, so tasteless.
1 a return to pure Disney magic and is a pleasant family danger.
0 Remove by placing so many red herrings, so many false fears that the real ones barely register.
0 The fact that it is not very good t is almost beyond the point.
1 It takes you to a place you probably haven't seen, but under the exotic surface of lrb and exotic dancing rrb, it's surprisingly old -fashioned.
1 supported by exceptional achievements and a clear stance on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness.
1 It's a happy, mind -boggling mess of thoughts and stories, a crazy comic company that ends up in a healthy and breathtaking creative movie.
0 Maybe the sharpest movie of all time.
1 viveka seldahl and sven would like to touch you in a film you will never forget that you should never forget.
0 ...instead go to rent ````shakes the clown'', a very funny movie with a similar theme and an equally great Robin Williams performance.
0 The documentary is far too conventional, many boring conversation heads etc., to meet the topic.
1 a captivating and infectious documentary.
0 Nothing stings, really, except the continuing creepiness you feel when you're drawn through a sad, dirty universe of guns, drugs, greed and damaged dreams.
1 The game of the film, occasionally interrupting the live action scenes with animated sequences, is as worthwhile as its sensitive handling of a sensitive subject.
0 The attempt to build a pressure cooker of terrified awe results from the simple fact that the film has virtually nothing to show.
0 Wes longs for his presence; not the longing for a nightmare on Ulm Street, or the hills have eyes, but the sad smuggler of the "mortal friend".
1 But Zungenwitz has always been part of a wild mood that "seriously" helps overcome his weaknesses and overcome the creative interference of the parking lot.
1 As the princess, Sorvino graciously slides from male to female without missing a beat.
0 Run for your lives!
1 For every kitschy scene, however, there is a really cool piece, the idea of a future librarian, Irb or Lando Jones -rrb, who knows everything and answers all questions, is visually intelligent, skillfully written and well realized.
1 an impressive hybrid.
0 The castle... is less concerned with cultural and political issues than with its eccentric characters.
1 highly recommended as a compelling story about a terrible historical event and the elements that contributed to it.
0 Irb - Macdowell -rrb - ventures here several times beyond her abilities and shows how bad she is an actress.
0 Dad invested in undergraduate duplication of subtitles and ridiculous beatings on existentialism, reminiscent of the discovery of the Wizard of God in the fifth move film.
0 The resulting chaos flows as naturally as Jolie's hideous yellow do.
1 He's doing so well that you don't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role.
0 Unless Bob Crane is someone of particular interest to you, the impressive performances and the skillful direction of this film are not likely to leave a lasting impression.
1 a surprisingly funny film.
1 Drug abuse, infidelity and death aren't usually a comedy, but Turpin's film allows us to giggle through fear.
0 a not -so -divine secret of the ya -ya sisterhood with a strong help of roasted green tomatoes.
0 Loyalty to Czechow, director Michael Cacoyannis with a gloomy seriousness in the new adaptation of the church's constitution, is a particularly annoying handicap.
1 not only a coming story and a warning parable, but also a perfectly rendered time.
1 sparkling, often funny romantic jealousy comedy...Attal looks so similar to a young Robert Deniro that the film instead "my husband is Travis bickle".
1 a shocking report of a psychological breakdown.
1 a mature, deeply felt fantasy of a director through 300 -year Russian history.
1 The film is a chest of joy.
0 The filmmakers needed more emphasis on storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that brings the audience into a future they are not particularly interested in.
1 But somehow it manages to put you under his spell.
1 In his US debut, Mr. Schnitzer proves that he is a master and stylist.
0 another Arnold vehicle that does not adequately exploit its special talents.
1 It will ensure that you leave the theater with a smile on your face.
0 an uncomfortable film, suffocating and sometimes almost pointless, the grey zone has a center, although a morbid one.
0 Dear Jesus, did the writers just make a cut and paste of every bad action movie line in history?
0 Self -slaughter is more depressing than entertaining.
1 Dramas like this make it human.
1 Although Estela Bravo's documentary cloyingly hagiographic is in his portrait of Cuban leader Fidel Castro, it is still a guilty pleasure to see.
0 but the cinematography is cloudy, the picture is filmed.
1 That's the Christmas future for many baby trees.
1 This encouraging, truthful antidote to Hollywood teenage movies that sweeps through the blemishes of youth captures the flammable mixture of angry inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that characterize puberty.
1 Long live the resistance!
0 Some bodies point more to exhibitionism than to cathartic truth.
0 pludding, peevish and gimmicky.
0 Since there is too much time to consider the looseness of the play, the image begins to resemble the formless image by understanding the actors that it does.
1 The ingenuity that Parker shows in refreshing the game is almost in a class with that of wildlife itself.
0 Nijinsky says I know how to suffer, and when you see this movie, you know.
1 frequent floods of creative belly fun and really enthusiastic performances...hold the film slaloming through its hackneyed elements with delightful ease.
1 It will give you two thoughts about what could happen in any trailer park you pass -- even if it mainly inspires you to drive a little faster.
0 pointless and completely pointless.
0 The film by fred schepisi runs at a speed that is slow and deadly slow for those of us of middle age for every teenager.
1 The sharp bite of his title may be missing, but it's a delightful little thing nonetheless.
1 a pretty brilliant little cult piece: a paste of children's entertainment, superheroes comics and Japanese animation.
1 The film is a wild dance of destruction.
1 The sign of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things: a genuine thrill or a real laugh.
0 It is difficult to care for a film which, as an epic tragedy, is the plight of a cold -blooded rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful, self -satisfied 22 -year -old girlfriend and an equally beautiful, self -satisfied 18 -year -old lover.
1 Psychologically enlightening.
1 If a large musical number like'praise the Lord', he is the God of second chances' does not distract you, this will be a pleasant choice for younger children.
0 But seriously, guys, it's not working.
0 I wanted to decide what annoyed me most about God. I'm not, and then I realized that I just wasn't interested.
1 And there's an element of heartache to see now, with older and wiser eyes, because we know what happens when Greene's story ends.
1 bluto blutarsky, we miss you.
0 Crucifixion feels like a teen bopper wooden film, filled with the adolescent outrageous allusions and the excited but sleepy drama.
0 Don't say you weren't warned.
1 Hopkins, complete the screen.
1 hashiguchi vividly captures the way young Japanese live now, peeling at the manicures of their culture, the millennial brutality and the immortal, traditional courtesy.
0 You're leaving the same way you came, a few tasty bites under your belt, but no new friends.
1 While it can be a bit repetitive, it is an overall entertaining and informative documentation.
1 What makes the film special is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that people bring despite the obvious poverty and misery of their music.
1 This could be Burns' strongest movie since the McMullen brothers.
1 warm in his loving but unforgettably inconsistent presentation of everyday life, relaxed in his perfect quiet pace and proud in his message.
1 The most important function of the director for a certain time.
0 a cool, remote, emotionally distant piece.so boring that its agenda should be: ```in space ``no one can hear you snoring.'
1 Let John Sayeles record the developers, the Chamber of Commerce, tourism, historical competitions and commercialism in the same film without neglecting character development for a minute.
1 "extreme ops" exceeds expectations.
1 It's stylish with lots of...
1 Fans of Critics''Darling Band Wilco will be amazed at the sometimes gloomy look that I will always ponder and try to break your heart.
1 His adult issues of family separation and social betrayal are head and shoulders over much of the director's earlier popcorn work.
0 chen films the convincingly downtrodden smokers only with every indulgent Indian trick in the book.
0 The strange thing about Clause Two, supposedly a children's film, is that there is nothing to engage children emotionally.
1 What? Irb Free -rrb... gives us... is a man who uses the damage of war much more often than war itself to create the kind of artwork that fills galleries.
0 -lrb --hell is t -rrb - to look at your watch and realize that serving Sara is not even half of it.
1 I no lika da accents so good, but I perfectly enjoyed the love story.
1 Director Lee has a real film talent, but it's also nice to see a film with his heart so thoroughly, shamelessly on his sleeve.
0 In other words, it's just another sports drama. Character study.
0 There's nothing interesting about infidelity.
1 sympathetically investigates the seemingly incompatible situation between conservative Christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children.
0 worthy of the gong.
1 a targeted, often tendering test of the advantages and disadvantages of unconditional love and family duties.
0 more conscientious than charming... terribly episodic and without the spark of imagination that could have made it an exciting treatment.
1 the fourth ````pokemon''is a divergent --if predictable --adventure suitable for a matinee, with a message warning children not to disturb the delicate ecological balance of the world.
0 The film is so full of subplots with the different silver stones that it feels more like the pilot episode of a TV series than a feature film.
0 It is both easily predictable and in his attempts to be perceptive.
1 the charming result is festival in cannes.
1 While the film is not entirely successful, it still manages to connect enough charming moments to work.
0 it is parochial, accessible to some chosen, reserved to all others, and finally a superior moral tone beats is more important than filmmaking art
1 This airy Caper film becomes a sensitive, penetrating meditation on the way we were and the way we are.
1 it allows each character to confront his problems openly and honestly.
0 The film focuses on the weakness of the young woman and her naive dreams play like the worst kind of Hollywood heart string.
1 Plus, as I mentioned, it's Robert Duvall!
1 The film poetry shows the charm of the old town before machines change almost everything.
1 a sensitive, cultured treatment of Greene's work as well as a remarkably faithful one.
1 The ring never lets you off the hook.
0 Ian yu seems too small to call any kind of masterpiece.
0 fails to make this figure understandable by getting under their skin by exploring motivation. Before the end the film becomes as boring as its characters, whose fate it is difficult to care about.
1 exalted, funny and wise.
1 The film has a laundry list with small flaws, but the numerous scenes of bloody chaos are worth the price of admission...If "bloody chaos" is your idea of a good time.
0 cold, presumptuous, through and through an unpleasant study in sociopathy.
1 I stopped thinking about how good all this was, and began to do nothing but react to feeling part of its great places, to think urgently, while the protagonists struggled to rely on the grace of their invention, to gaze upon their visual pleasures.
1 The beauty of the play is that it counts heart as important as humor.
0 A strange misfire that even tunney can't store.
1 edited quickly and beautifully, the film is extremely thorough.
1 In painting, an uninterrupted romantic image of a nation whose songs originate directly from human life, the film highlights the Marxian dream of honest workers, with little to show for their work, living harmoniously, connected in a song.
0 pointless, pointless, tasteless and idiotic.
1 a surprisingly solid performance by director Malcolm d. Lee and writer John Ridley.
0 The problem is that it is one that allows him to produce one mediocre film after another.
0 They thought a lot about the act, but they disposed of the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who haven't read the book.
0 With a tighter editorial process and a more precise direction, this material could work, especially since the main actresses are all more than competent, but as it is, personal speed seems neutral.
1 This silent lyrical tale deals with Iran's ambiguous reception of the Afghan refugees who crossed its borders, desperate for work and food.
1 brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex, generous and subversive works of art of the last decade.
1 a time machine, a journey back to your childhood, when the worries were melted in the dark theater, and movies had the ability to hypnotize, surprise and entertain.
1 It goes off easily, without aftertaste.
0 Knockaround boys play like a student film of two boys desperate for Quentin tarantino when they grow up.
1 a wild, bouncy drama with sequences that embarrass you and others, thanks to the actors who are quite touching.
0 offers absolutely nothing that I had not seen before.
0 The film is a heavy burden on the Hokum, but...at least it is observable.
0 Serving Sara is nothing more than a mall movie designed to kill time.
0 A macaque self -parody that plays like a strange masterpiece, theatrical sketch that has neither a point of view nor a compelling reason.
1 A case represents a frightening and convincing ``what if?'
1 All right, it's not a brilliant movie, but it's a funny -lrb - sometimes funny -rrb - comedy with a deft sense of humor about yourself, a playful spirit and a game -cast.
0 a boring, annoying 88 -minute advertisement for universal studies and their by -products.
1 The thoughtful script by Henry Bohne does not provide simple answers, but offers a convincing investigation of faith against the intellect
1 Not since Ghostbusters got a movie that uses Manhattan architecture in such a glorious, silly way.
1 ...a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking.
1 It may not be a big cut above the rest, but I liked the hair salon.
0 glazed with a tasty b -film scum.
1 The film occasionally tries the patience of the viewer with a slow pace and a main character who sometimes resists sympathy but is ultimately satisfied with his moving history.
0 ...trusted and predictable, and four -fifths of them might as well come from a Xerox machine as -lrb writer -director -rrb - franc.
1 Call it magical realism or surrealism, but Miss wonton hovers beyond reality with a certain degree of mind and dignity.
0 It's as casual and casual a comedy as I've seen for some time, a man through worn -out material.
1 The performances of the four main actors bring their characters to life.
1 properly constructed Thriller.
1 The emotion is remarkably true because it is so hot -blooded, and both leads are up to the task.
1 Filled with the sad, angry humor that comes from Yiddish culture and language.
1 Rarely, almost never, is such a high performance of mental power coupled with a pitch -perfect action and an exquisite, untouchable sense of cinema.
1 a lovely, old -fashioned Hollywood confection.
1 It never quite makes it to the boiling point, but it manages to maintain a good simulator for most of its running time.
1 One of the best films of the year with an Oscar -worthy performance by Julienne Moore.
0 Why would anyone play the great Jackie Chan in a movie with stunning doubles and special effects?
0 It is surprisingly threaded despite the high doses of strange performances and direction.
1 If you're ready to have fun with it, don't feel betrayed by the high level of infidelity.
0 The script is a disaster, with coupling messages and annoying signs.
0 But it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it's won.
1 What is really so fascinating about the characters is their resemblance to everyday children.
0 The bottom line is, in my opinion at least, a con man makes a better short story than a movie.
1 wilco fans will have a great time, and the movie should win the band some new conversions too.
0 fails so fundamentally at every conventional level that it reaches some kind of silly size.
0 No, he made a decent intro''documentary, but he feels like an audience and not a participant.
0 Although no pastries are hurt, this nasty comedy enjoys the same simple goals as other Rowdy -Plush festivals -- farts, breasts, inappropriate -- without much success.
0 The film is too amateurishly square to make the best of its own ironic implications.
0 Even when I fought bravely to stay interested, or at least consciously, I could feel my eyelids.
1 a mixture of corneal realism, cracked storytelling and radiant compassion that draws you in effortlessly.
1 When you see this gentle, captivating portrait of a man who finds his way with time, you hardly notice that his mind is being blown.
1 Hashiguchi uses the situation to conjure up a Japanese drive on an underground of loneliness and isolation.
0 Despite his sincere actions, signs are just another unoriginal run of Sci -Fi film with a weak end and a lot of hype.
1 Making such a tragedy the backdrop of a love story carries the risk of trivialising it, although Chouraqui undoubtedly led the film to reaffirm the power of love, to help people endure almost unimaginable horrors.
1 It's a masterpiece.
0 There is inconsistency.
0 The drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love, lust and sin could no longer hold my attention.
0 Unworthy actions and exquisite trappings are dampened by inadequate scripts and inferior achievements.
1 works because Reno does not become complacent or hypocritical towards the audience.
1 it cooks the behavior in a low, smoky and inviting.
1 Who knew Charles Dickens could be so reckless?
1 -lrb -a -rrb -wonderfully loopy tale of love, longing, and voting.
0 Tara Reid plays a college reporter, but she looks like the six -time Miss Hawaii Tropic winner, so I don't know what she's doing in here.
1 This film can only lead the way, but thank God for this signpost.
0 a great waste... generic.
1 Look at it.
1 It's not just a feeling film, it's a feeling film.
0 the problematic characters and excessively comfortable action twists Shum's good intentions.
1 tres Greek writer and star Nia vardalos has designed a world -white and very funny script here.
0 This is a film about the annoying, exhausting nature of self -satisfaction, which remains absolutely satisfied throughout.
1 a deeply felt and clearly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world.
1 really is a Pan American film with moments of real insight into the urban heart.
1 ...lots of warmth to go around, with music and laughter and the love of the family.
0 This overloaded infomercial, which is due on video before the end of the month, is dull and dull.
0 But how it has washed out despite all this is the main problem of the project.
1 The animated sequences are well done and perfectly designed to convey a feeling of childhood fantasy and create adventure out of fear.
1 This cinema verified speculation about the murder of John F. Kennedy may have been inspired by Blair Witch, but it takes its techniques into such a fresh area that the film never feels as derivative.
1 -lrb - city -rrb - reminds us how realistic a Robert de Niro performance can be when he no longer looks lucratively into the shameless self -caricature of ```analyze this'-lrb'-1999 -rrb'-and''analyze the''promised -lrb'-or threatened -rrb' for later this year.
1 quick and funny, an action cartoon that is exciting enough for older children, but not too scary for the school -age audience.
0 It's so boring that it forgives you for every false, dishonest, entertaining and, ultimately, astute moment in Bridget Jones' diary.
1 Seeing these two actors play so intensely against each other, but with restraint is a pleasure.
0 This is one of the biggest disappointments of the year.
0 The real strong man ahola does not have the charisma and the ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders.
0 a mimetic approach to better films such as contempt and 8 \\2.
1 nettelbeck has created a captivating fantasy of flavors and emotions, part romance, part recipe book.
0 It's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so boring.
1 There is a welcome lack of presumption about the film, which quite simply aims to entertain it and ultimately delivers it in a good way.
0 There is not a single click -in -your -seat moment and believe it or not `Jason actually takes a backseat in his own movie for special effects.
1 as relationships change, director Robert J. Seal allows the characters to inhabit their world without clinging to a narrative arc.
1 Nicks gets the level of exaggerated, stylized humor by accepting your expectations and twisting them just a little bit.
0 This is where the love scenes end with someone screaming.
1 Much smarter than your average bond.
1 a moving documentary about the Israeli conflict, as revealed by the eyes of some children who are curious despite all the adversities.
1 hugely enjoyable, highly adrenaline documentary.
0 too many scenarios where the hero might have an opportunity to preach triumphantly, and too few that allow us to ask for ourselves whether things are going to be okay.
1 Kierostami has developed a deceptively occasional ode for children and managed to convey a tiny feeling of hope.
0 First act canceled, Scrooge story, glamorous product placement, some very good comic songs, strong ending, stupid fart jokes.
1 This rare film, whose real life is actually so interesting that no decoration is necessary.
1 For more than two decades, Mr. Nachwey has been traveling to places in the world devastated by war, hunger and poverty, documenting the cruelty and suffering he has found with devastating, spoken clarity.
0 It doesn't even look like she tried.
1 excellent production values &christian bale's charisma for a derivative act.
1 visually conspicuous and almost repellent.
1 Although he's brave enough to discover an attraction that transcends sexual identity, Ozpetek doesn't show us Antonia's true emotions, but at least his secret life makes you think.
0 The theft of Harvard is not interested in wisdom, wit or any other intelligent humor.
0 seldom has the title of a film served such a terrible warning.
0 dripping with cliche and no possibility to trivialize the material.
1 It is an interesting effort -lrb - especially for jfk conspiracy -nuts -rrb - and Barry's Cold -Fish Act makes the experience worthwhile.
1 an unexpected sweet history of sisterhood.
0 Just because a walk to remember is smart enough to activate Girlish Tear Ducts doesn't mean it's good enough for our girls.
0 The explosion basically destroyed the fiction of the movie for me.
1 the script is smart, not cloying.
0 His initial excitement turns into a heated over pastiche.
1 an uninterrupted, resonant gem that transmits its universal points without lectures or confrontations
0 represents the sharpest and sharpest human behavior on the screen, then laughs at how clever it is.
0 on its icy face, the new film is a subzero version of monsters, inc., without the imagination of the latter, visual charm or texture.
0 Starts moderately, spiral downwards, and hits the bottom of the pool with a completely incompetent finish.
0 Michele is such a brainless flirt that it's hard to take her spiritual quest seriously at all.
0 The film is short on excitement, eloquence, spiritual challenge -- things that made the original New Testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries.
0 The idea is more interesting than the script, which is badly in the middle and lurks between not very funny comedy, not very convincing drama and a last -minute action reminiscent strongly of Run Lola Run.
0 If you're ready to do this, you're so crazy!
0 There's nothing quite wrong here, but there's not nearly enough that it's right.
0 Kim Ki -deok seems to have an emotional, at least rrb, youthful audience that requires regular shocks and seizures of barely justifiable sexual violence to keep it interested.
1 In the midst of the new populist comedies that underline the importance of family tradition and family community, it would be difficult to find a film with a bigger, fatter heart than a hair salon.
1 created on the big screen.
1 If it is not quite memorable, the film is certainly easy to see.
1 knows how to make our imagination wonder.
0 It's leaking out of every pore.
1 The Saigon of 1952 is an unpleasant mix of sensual joy and rampant violence, and the quiet American brings us directly to the center of this world.
1 The actors are fantastic.
1 ...A comedy that carries its share of laughter, sometimes a giggle, sometimes a Guffaw and, to my great pleasure, the occasional belly -flogging.
1 ...a happy "happy" date movie...
1 Not the funniest movie Eddie Murphy or Robert de Niro have ever made, but the showtime is still efficient fun for a good time.
1 awesome work: inexplicable, hard to reach, but inexplicably powerful
1 Jumping from one captivating image to another, songs from the second floor have all the pleasurable coincidence of a very vivid dream and so it succeeds to be captivating, amusing and disturbing at the same time.
1 Intensely romantic, thoughtful and even a captivating mystery.
1 Faithful, without being energetic, sad, without being screaming, "remembering a way" succeeds through sincerity.
1 a very entertaining scan of Evans' career.
1 points the way for adventurous Indian filmmakers to cross into non -technical markets.
1 Schaeffer is not in this film, which may be the reason why it works as well as it does.
1 It's about irrational, unexplained life, and it seems so real because it's not trying to filter out complexity.
1 -lrb - breheny's -rrb -lensing of the new zealand and cook island locations capture both the beauty of the land and the people.
1 Irb -an -rrb - absorbing documentation.
1 If you open up Mr. Reggio's theory of these images as a set... it can convey an almost visceral sense of deflection and change.
0 Cast by Oscar Caliber does not match the material
0 It's hard to imagine another director making his wife look so bad in a big movie.
0 has enough gun battles and throw -away humor to cover up the yawning gulf where the plot should be.
1 Parris' performance is credible and remarkably mature.
1 The meaning of the pictures of the film gives him a terrible power, but he is driven by acting.
1 "Silver Bullet Camp for Director Neil Marshall's Intensive Movie Freight Train"
1 The occupation of Sydow... is even intacto's happiest blow.
1 Funny, funny and funny.
0 Beans fall too often... the hope that the refined premise will create enough interest to compensate for an unfocused script.
1 Michael Moore's latest documentary on America's thirst for violence is his best film.
0 the tux miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play the second violin to the blunt effects that allow the suit to live.
0 at the one -hour mark, Herzog simply runs out of ideas and the tempo turns positive while the film stumbles to its inevitable tragic conclusion.
0 Almost every attempt at humor here is doa.
0 It's a road trip drama with too many wrong turns.
1 Everything in the Maid in Manhattan is extremely pleasant not to hurt.
1 The theater guy may be insufferable, but he's worth spending some time with.
0 enigma is well done, but it is simply too dry and too quiet.
1 not quite as wonderful as his Dreamwork makers want you to believe, but it fills more than adequately the eyes and excites the emotions.
0 Eight -legged freaks fall flat as a spoon.
1 takes you by the face, strokes your cheeks and raccoons begging you: slow down, shake off your tensions and make this picture in its own breeze, distracted rhythms.
0 It's a long way from Orwell's dark, intelligent warning call -- lrb --1984 -rrb -- to the empty study knockout of balance, and what was once belief is now affection.
1 Short stories old -fashioned, touching a child's pain for his dead mother by communicating with an old woman directly from Eudora Welty.
1 smart, funny and only honest enough to offer the pleasures of a slightly naughty, even -above -average off -broadway play.
1 a photographic miracle of the kind, and it is certainly an invaluable record of this particular fishing community.
0 ...While the humorous aspects of "jason x" were much more entertaining than I expected, everything else was about the film tanks.
1 But not without a cheap fun factor.
1 Tsai Ming -Liang's funny, eager new movie, what time is it?
0 The last thing you'd expect from a movie with this title or any Plympton movie is boring.
0 heavy with fluffy rolls typical of tobacco processing.
1 last orders nourish the multi -layers of its characters so that we can remember that life is ultimately a gamble and last orders are accepted.
0 I just laughed at the people who paid for it.
0 The script, the gags, the characters are all direct to video stuff, and that's where this movie should have stayed.
0 The answer to the evidence before us is clear: not easy and not good enough in the end.
0 An awkward exercise in magical realism.
0 Each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and falls to Earth.
1 assayas''ambitious''sometimes nice adaptation of jacques chardonne's novel.
0 nothing more than one relentlessly depressing situation after another for the entire duration, something you could easily deal with in your life.
1 The film could bring many people to the opera, in general, a visceral and spiritual form at the same time, wonderfully vulgar and sublime and emotionally grandiose as life.
1 A straight family movie that gives animals the respect they seldom get.
0 ...Hokey Art House presumption.
0 Unfortunately, the story and the actors are delivered with a hack script.
1 And there's the impeccable Diaz that holds everything together.
0 Spoken in a scattered way, the film lives only irregularly up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject.
0 seems like a pretty weak retraction.
1 one of the best films of the year with its exquisite play, inventive script, captivating music and many unpleasant scenes of tenderness, loss, dissatisfaction and longing.
0 The big finish is a bit like enjoying a shock eclair and then biting and finding the filling.
0 If Saccharin films go, this is likely to lead to massive cardiac arrest when taken in large doses.
1 The film was very pleasant thanks to the great performances of both Steve Buscemi and Rosario Dawson.
0 It is quite an achievement to put and shoot a film at the Cannes Film Festival, and yet not to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere.
0 Obviously designed as a fiction about memory and regret, but the only thing you'll regret is the experience of sitting through it.
0 It never rises to its clever what -if concept.
0 flat, loud and pretentious.
1 shows a vivid imagination and an impressive style that results in some great sets.
1 Not a film for weak hearts or conservative minds, but for the rest of us, especially for San Francisco lovers, it's a spirited film and a must -see.
1 We are always laughed at until we are surprised how much we care about history, and in the end we not only go satisfied but also touch something.
1 a clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics.
1 It's probably just because of his visual prowess.
1 a pleasant family comedy independent of race.
0 a nice but unfulfilled suspension drama that is better suited for a quiet evening on pbs than a night in an amc.
1 a beautiful production with wonderful singing by angela gheorghiu, ruggero raimondi and roberto alagna.
1 It may be low budget, but this charmer has a spirit that cannot be denied.
1 An adventure in cross -country style.es has sporadic bursts of vitality, some so -so slapstick and a few ear -friendly songs on its soundtrack.
1 a polished and very entertaining caper film, which brings the stitch back into the con.
1 Don't wait for this great movie with your kids when you don't have kids.
0 Might as easily have been called under siege 3 `in Alcatraz'...a film corpse that never wakes to life.
1 Zeder defuses this provocative theme by plunging it into a gray triangle of love.
0 Is it a comedy?
0 As is often the case with ambitious, eager first films, Mr. Murray, a productive director of music videos who expresses his debut with more action than he can handle.
0 It doesn't make it a big movie, but it's interesting to see where the imagination leads when you get the chance.
0 It's a shame that so much of the movie -- again, as in the animal -- is a limp dick mess.
0 Here's Sandler walking on empty hands repeating what he's done far too often.
1 Both exhibitively romantic and cheerfully melancholy, what time is it?
1 ...a series of stories tells with the complicated cost of writing the best short stories.
0 I left and didn't really know who "they" were, what "they" looked like.
0 The film is brilliant, but never inspired, and little about it will stay with you.
0 What happens if something happens at night and nobody cares?
0 long on winking close -ups and short on shame.
1 familiar, but absolutely delightful.
0 The chocolate factory without Charlie.
0 can offend viewers who are not amused by the sick sense of humor.
1 Steven Spielberg brings us another masterpiece
0 I felt dirty, and I'm the guy who liked it, there's something about Mary and both American cake movies.
0 complex, sinfully drawn and, somehow, frightfully cold.
1 Much of the recognition for the winning tone of the film must go to Grant, who has not lost a bit of the dry humour that the audience first loved on both sides of the Atlantic.
1 The rare Imax movie you wanted was more than an hour.
1 If you're a comic, you can't miss it.
1 a miracle of production design.
0 from fast editing to annoying score to ``Special Effects' by replacing objects in a character's hand below the camera line, ````````is pictured''.
1 a welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythical is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story.
1 Mr. Nelson has made a film that is an undeniably dignified and devastating experience.
1 Consider it perfection.
1 lovingly reminds us that in any language the great things in life can normally be traced back to the small things.
1 if the material is light and admittedly manipulative, Jacquot keeps tosca's intoxicating zeal by using the camera.
0 like the family of beggars themselves, this film goes on and on and on
0 It should do a lot of things, but it shouldn't.
1 Moretti is the rare ordinary artist who is smart enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex and, as it turns out, more fragile than happiness.
0 ...Irritating, soul -searching garbage.
0 a humorless journey into a philosophical void.
0 None of this sounds promising, and the first half of the students are just as horrible as any comedy you ever make out of a projector lens.
0 You can drive right past it without noticing anything special, except for some strange turns, intentionally and otherwise.
0 the film's thoroughly recycled act and tiresome jokes...Drag the film down.
1 The story provides ample opportunity for great action and tension, which Director Shekhar Kapur provides with enormous abilities.
0 If Dylan Thomas were alive when he first saw Director Ethan Hawke's tense chelsea walls, he might have been trying to change his original poem, ``don't go gently into this good theater.'
0 In the end, the film offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle who need other people to survive.
1 Triple x is a double agent, and he's a bad guy.
0 walks thematically and stylistically all over the map and borrows heavily from lynch, youth and trier, without a spark of its own.
0 Lyne's latest, unfaithful to erotic thrillers, continues to show how far his storytelling skills have eroded.
0 A determined, Ennui -soaked sloth who really doesn't have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act strange.
0 not satisfactorily exploit their gender policies, gender thrills or inherent humor.
1 Jeff has created an amazingly safe and stylish work of free dialogue and acute expressiveness.
1 Daughter from Danang sticks to the topics a little longer and tells a deeper story
1 The captivating details of the film are all in the performances, from Foreman's calling -mad taylor to thewlis' smoothly dark Freddie and Bettany's hard -eyed gangster.
0 I don't understand why a talented actor would ever work i n a Mcculloch production again if he saw how this film developed.
0 A little more intensity and a little less charm would have saved this film a world of pain.
0 a really good premise is decorated in the middle of the street blanky.
0 A little too eager to fall.
0 edge reaches the almost impossible: it turns the Marquis de sade into a dullard.
1 It seems impossible that an epic four -hour Indian musical about a cricket game could be so good, but it is.
1 seldom the skin has looked as beautiful, desirable, even delicious as it does in difficulty every day.
0 a piece of lightly entertaining, harmless bottle that dribbles aimlessly for 90 -minutes before hitting the cracks of this ever -growing category: unbalanced, but unmemorative.
1 funny and also heartwarming, without leaning towards goose skin.
0 This kid -oriented skunk is so bad, I even caught the gum under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater.
0 The graceful, dual story of the woman is condensed on the screen and we are repeatedly torn from the convincing historical story to a less convincing soap opera.
0 The story goes on until it's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal, fireballs and revenge.
1 Imagine a scenario in which Bergman approaches Swedish fatalism using Gary Larson's humor.
0 He's not good with people.
0 Big mistake.
0 Waste of opportunity.
1 y tu mam225b;tambi233d is cheerful, wonderfully alive and often hotter than the asphalt of Georgia.
1 Rubbo's humorously tendentious intervention in the Who -write -shakespeare controversy.
1 It's quite a vision.
0 a stupid, derivative horror movie that substitutes extreme gore for suspense.
1 The colour sense of stuart little 2 is t its most immediate and obvious pleasure, but it would count for very little if the film were not so beautifully shaped and so delicately calibrated in tone as.
1 Downbeat, period -perfect biopic hammer homeland a heavy handed moralistic message.
0 less a study in madness or love than a study in the schoolgirl obsession.
0 The pair sounds promising in theory, but their lack of chemistry makes Eddie Murphy and Robert Deniro look like old, famous Vaudeville partners in the showtime.
0 You get away with it and not only do you think Kate isn't very intelligent, but that she wasn't worth taking care of and that they, Janine and Molly, a female dysfunctional family, deserve each other.
1 If you're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining, you're in luck.
1 a triumph of pure craftsmanship and passionate heart.
1 Cool.
1 the film has dry humor and jarring shocks, plus moments of breathtaking mystery.
1 beautiful, angry and sad, with a curious, sick poetry, as if the Marquis de sade had gone for pastel landscapes.
1 Morvern callar confirms Lynne Ramsay as an important original talent in international cinema.
0 Man gets girls, man loses girls, audience falls asleep.
1 There are so few films about the plight of American Indians in modern America that Skins appear as a welcome ground when beaten down from a forgotten front.
0 depressingly thin and tiring.
1 bluer than the Atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy, the film... is also, often, hilarious.
1 Bouquet gives a performance that is masterful.
0 I'm as sorry as the director's diabolical debut, the mad cows.
1 there is a lot to recommend reading my lips.
0 I'd rather watch a Powerpuff Girls rerun.
1 This submarine drama deserves the right, compared to the boat.
0 The only question... is to determine how well the narrow is produced to assess the quality of the manipulative technique.
0 It's impossible to call it a dirty, guilty pleasure.
1 keeps your interest to the end and even leaves you with a few persistent animated thoughts.
0 The film doesn't think much about its characters, its protagonist or about us.
0 Britney spears''Phoness is nothing compared to the movie's contrived, lame screenplay and no funny direction.
0 The progression of the film into a jumping incoherence gives the phrase ``fatal script error.'
1 Devos and Cassel have an enormous chemistry, their sexual and romantic tension, while never really vocalized is noticeable.
0 ...as exciting as two last basketball teams playing against each other on the last day of the season.
1 Great as nadia, a Russian mail -order bride who comes to America and doesn't speak a word of English, it's kidman who holds the film together with a superb kittenish performance that gradually collects more layers.
0 it fails.
1 This new film version of the Alexandre Dumas classic is the stuff of high romance, produced with considerable joke.
0 nicolas cage is not the first actor to mislead a group of talented friends, and this film would not create chaos in an unpredictable career.
1 It is dark, but has wonderful fun moments; they take care of the signs; and the action and special effects are first class.
1 Jeong -hyang Lee's film is deceptively simple, deeply satisfying.
1 The bodily functions are jokes about what you would expect, but there are rich veins of funny things in this movie.
0 for a film about action, ultimate x is the gabbiest giant screen film of all time, which is stuck in a barrier of hype.
1 It's a solid film about people whose lives are anything but.
0 You can't shake the feeling that crucifixion is nothing more than a half -hour commercial for Britney's latest album.
1 Visually binding, rarely hammy, honourably Mexican and burns his cavities with conviction.
1 high crime steals so freely from other films and combines enough different types of films that it cannot help but engage an audience.
0 It even makes Elizabeth Hurley look ruthless and ugly.
1 If you can read the subtitle "lrb", the opera will be sung in Italian "rrb" and you will like ``master theatre''costumes, you will enjoy this movie.
1 a very entertaining specimen of gamergian sci -fi.
0 just a re -hash of the other seven movies.
0 May I suggest that the shaky wooden head ends all this by stuffing himself in an electric pencil sharpener?
1 a playful Iranian parable about openness, in particular the need for people with different political perspectives to understand each other despite their ideological differences.
0 Death could be a publication.
0 The news of the film are quite admirable, but the story is simply too clichCommittee 233d and too often worn credibility.
1 a live action cartoon, a quick moving and joyfully simplifying 88 -minute exaggerated action along with the boy in mind.
1 As ex -Marine Walter, who may or may not have shot Kennedy, actor Raymond J. Barry is absolutely creepy and credible.
1 the production design, score and choreography are simply intoxicating.
1 The result puts a human face on Derrida, and makes one of the great minds of our time interesting and accessible to people who are not usually interested.
0 The film is far too full of itself; it is sticky and presumptuous in a kind of give me -an -oscar way.
1 According to the script, Grant and Bullock's characters are made for each other.
1 the image uses humor and a deep conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life, but also to recognize the places and people from which you came.
0 a perfect example of rancid, well -intentioned, but shamelessly manipulative filmmaking.
0 a film version of a color -by -numbers image.
1 Lux, now in her eighties, makes a great combination as a narrator, Jewish grandmother and subject -- us through a film that is part biography, part entertainment and part history.
1 a stylish but consistent and ultimately very satisfying piece of characteristic storytelling.
0 the length of the function... excites the concept of the show.
0 The characters that are discarded in impossible situations are completely alienated from reality.
0 a small independent film suffering from a severe case of Hollywood -itis.
0 an exercise in cynicism as ugly as the sordid digital photography and the muddy sound.
1 Ken Russell would love that.
0 has the whole scenic appeal of a jazz pool.
1 They can and will change from oddly humorous to boring sentimental.
1 Claire's a great role for someone like Judd who really should be playing bad guys.
0 kitschy, conspicuous, overloaded soap opera.
0 His message has merit and in the hands of a brutally honest individual like Prophet Jack would have made one or two points regarding life.
0 Sex is one of the movies that aims to confuse.
0 The first director jocom227o Pedro Rodrigues' unwillingness to define the background or motivation of his hero becomes increasingly frustrating as the film continues.
1 Salma's getting homegrown and she's never been better at this colorful bio -image of a Mexican icon.
1 Human nature is a silly film in the way malkovich was, but it's trying too hard.
1 the asylum material grips, like the scenes of Jia with his family.
1 A literary detective story is still a detective story and lovers of the whole will not be disappointed.
1 The soundtrack alone is worth the ticket price.
0 It sounds like another smart, if pointless trip to the abyss, and that's more or less how it goes.
1 The film has the highly puffed -up glamour and the high octane backpack that one expects from de palma, but what transports it is that it is also one of the smartest, the most pleasurable expressions of pure film love to come from an American director for years.
1 skillful, demanding and surprising.
1 -lrb - kline's -rrb -absolutely convincing... and deeply appealing... as a noble teacher who accepts a strict moral code, and as a flawed person who does not fully comply with it.
0 more small than triumph.
0 It's hard to believe these jokers are allegedly planning four similar abductions.
0 Murphy and Wilson are a pretty good team, but the project around them is lazy.
0 The screenplay co -written by director Kimmel lacks the joke necessary to fully exploit the funny elements of the premise, which makes the procedure more bizarre than actually amusing.
1 I hope that the film will be widely viewed and discussed with appropriate cruelty and consideration.
1 She may not be real, but the laugh is.
0 plump, obvious, absurd, the film will probably be the cause of Frau Krieger decades ago.
0 depressingly retrograde, ``post -feminist''romantic comedy, which takes an amazingly condescending attitude towards women.
1 Bright profile of Scherfig's emotional despair is painfully honest and delightfully cheeky.
1 You can drink your vintage wines and watch your dealer ivory productions; I will be satisfied with a nice cool glass of iced tea and a Jerry Bruckheimer Flick every day of the week.
0 This is the kind of movie where the big scene is shot a man from a cannon into a bucket of ice.
1 Garcia and Jagger turn into perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters who are alternately touching and funny.
0 Many went to see the attraction for the only reason it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside, and I don't think A.C. is going to help this movie a bit.
0 You come out of the theater and you feel like you're riding the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra large cotton candy.
1 Crudup's screen presence is the one thing that keeps interest in the middle of a mushy, existential research why men leave their families.
1 Not everyone will welcome or accept Henry Kissinger's exams as a faithful portrait, but few can argue that the debate that unites them is a necessary and timely one.
1 By covering it with hyper -artistry, Haynes lets us identify familiar topics such as racism and homophobia in a new way.
1 ...somehow manages to escape the shackles of his own Clich2ob233to be the best spy image to come out in weeks.
1 a very spirited children's film that breaks through neo -Augustine theology: Is God trapped in heaven because he is afraid of his most famous creation?
1 Unfortunately, it's the man who makes the clothes.
0 When the fire burns, we're only faced with a few dragons, and that's where the movie ends.
1 This often hilarious farce manages to create the stomach pleasure of the Lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high -pitched appeal.
1 The pianist is Polanski's best film.
1 You feel good, you feel sad, you feel angry, but in the end you feel alive, what they did.
0 Small, charming in comedies like American Pie and dead in the election, provides one of the saddest action heroes ever to be seen.
1 From the dull, surreal pain of mortal awareness emerges a radiant portrait of character.
0 Total bullshit. Imaginary dad.
0 Despite his Hawaiian attitude, the science fiction triumphs and some moments of Rowdy Slapstick, Lilo's basic structure may have been pulled from a wine -stained Shirley Temple script.
1 Gooding is the energetic frontman, and it is difficult to resist his enthusiasm, even if the filmmakers find nothing original in the kind of slapstick sequences.
0 ...The whole thing just made me groggy.
1 just when you think that every possible angle of view of documentary filmmakers has been exhausted, another new film emerges with another remarkable but shockingly little known perspective.
1 Consider it a guide, only with muscles and much more wisdom, but equally lovable and easy to observe.
1 Grant spends the day with impeccable comic timing, Raffish charm and piercing intellect.
0 A frustrating tweener -- too smooth, inventive and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical, small and decadent for the malls.
0 Predictable soulless techno trip.
0 The filmmakers push the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart.
1 It's amazing how many stories the Holocaust has produced.
0 The film keeps coming back to the painlessly useless forgery and its few stupid subplots.
0 The most unlikely performance of the film?
1 The charm of the revolution os is rather the way in which it leads you to new, passionate ideas and imaginative thinkers.
1 There is no substitute for on -screen chemistry, and if Friel pulls the strings that sink Williams into melancholy, the reaction in Williams is as visceral as a gut punch.
0 There are some rather disturbing scenes, but they never really manage to shake the viewer.
0 possibly the most irresponsible image ever published by a major film studio.
0 The characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliche and forged that it makes your least favorite James Bond movie look as skillful as the usual suspects.
1 A crisp psychological drama, lrb and rrb, a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old ``Twilight Zone''episode.
1 There is simply no doubt that this film raises the right questions at the right time in the history of our country.
0 Time stands still in more ways that in clockstopers, a science -fi thriller, you are as lazy as it is endless.
1 A dark, twisted roadmap, constantly resisting expectations.
1 Mr. Spielberg and his company want you to have fun without feeling betrayed.
0 What the audience feels is exhaustion, from a film that is dark yellow, dark green, to be exact: rrb, angry, bloody and means.
1 Mr Polanski is here in his element: alone, abandoned, but still comforted by his art, which is more than he has ever revealed about the source of his spiritual survival.
0 a devastating indictment of reckless greed and materialism.
0 It feels like a very bright morris that focuses on eccentricity, but ultimately fails to make something bigger out of its Scrapbook of Oddballs.
1 It is full of kitschy dialogue, but great slutty fun that finally de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early 80s.
1 Diggs and Lathan are among the main reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy movie.
0 But this new noise, chaos and stupidity must be a serious candidate for the title.
1 Dark and often insightful.
1 Formal, but funny.
0 there is a good material in their story about wanting a dealer more out of life, but the film too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes.
1 Damon convinces his role as Irb Jason Bourne -rrb.
0 The film does not generate much energy.
1 And yet, it still works.
0 It wastes Chan's uniqueness; it could even be said to waste Jennifer Love Hewitt!
1 ...a light, yet captivating piece.
1 Very funny.
0 pretty shitty, but has a funny moment or two.
0 A strangely frightening romantic comedy.
0 Diaz exhausts her welcome in her charmless performance
0 the actors improvise and scream their way around this film without directing, without any of the rolling dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on the screen.
1 the off -center humor is a constant, and the ensemble gives it a lively delivery.
0 Almost all the basics that you take for granted in most films are treated incorrectly here.
1 An eye -catching blend of psychedelic devices, special effects and backgrounds, ``Spy kids 2''is a visual delight for all viewers.
0 A lot of talent is wasted on this stupid venture.
1 saturates with a heavy set of signs and angles, but the payout is powerful and informative.
1 It's a captivating criminal act where spectators are guessing who's being set up until the final.
1 a captivating portrait of uncompromising artists who want to create something original against the background of a corporate music industry that seems to only care about the goal.
0 Kaufman's script is never particularly clever and ofty is something pretentious.
1 It celebrates the playful spark of non -conformity of the group and looks back vividly on what Hibiscus grandly called his ``Angels of Light'.
0 Like getting into a long, well -written TV series where you miss the first half dozen episodes and probably don't see the next six.
1 inspire his flame -like, black -and -white shimmering and gratitude.
1 Although it involves a fair share of stupid drug sweats and predictable slapstick, ```Orange County''is much more fun than it seems to have any right.
1 -Irb -the film -rrb - treats the subject of relationships in such a straight, emotionally honest way that it is ultimately impossible to determine whether the film is profoundly pessimistic or quietly hopeful.
0 The film is burdened by supportive characters who are either too good, smart and knowing or just weirdly evil.
0 It's a visual Rorschach test and I must have failed.
1 an unpleasant experience, but one as brave and challenging as one might expect from American cinema these days.
1 The Huskies are beautiful, the Border Collie is funny and the general feeling is brilliant and decent.
1 charming and witty, it's also a bit clumsy.
1 amari has disguised this little parable in a rather irresistible package with privileged moments and unforgettable performances.
0 with mcconaughey in a completely ironic -free zone and balls mainly reduced to hitting his sensitive eyelids, there is not enough intelligence, wit or innovation on the screen to attract and obtain an older crowd.
1 a lively, spicy footnote to history and a film that binds and binds you from beginning to end.
1 ...an incredibly exciting, deeply absorbent piece that works as a paper on spirituality as well as a solid science -fi thriller.
0 Despite Juliet Stevenon's attempt to reconcile Pamela's emotional roller coaster life, it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs.
1 This film is an act of spiritual faith, an eloquent, deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion.
1 Like a high -end John Hughes comedy, a kind of Holder Bueller's Time Out.
0 What with all the flat -rate statements and penny -store reflections about vanity, the worries of rich and sudden wisdom, the film becomes a sermon for most of its duration.
0 Wildly incompetent, but brilliantly named half dead... or for Seagal Pessimists: totally behind his prime.
1 The Eternals dedicated to the madness of the Black will have a good time at times.
0 the assumptions and the one -way story... sink the film.
1 It shines almost with enthusiasm, sensuality and a subtle joke.
1 And for many of us, that's good enough.
1 meyjes.has done his homework and watered down some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of Nazi politics and aesthetics.
1 poetic, heartbreaking.
1 an unforgettable experience that, like many of his works, presents important topics that are colourfully wrapped in his own idiosyncratic tribe of kitschy goodwill.
1 As an actress, Madonna is a hell of a singer.
0 Vincent r. nebida's script... tries to put too many ingredients in a small pot.
0 Just as the lousy tarantino imitations have dropped, the first lousy guy comes ritchie imitation.
1 the direction has a liquid, no -nonsense authority, and the performances of harris, phifer and cam `ron ``seal the deal.
1 It's a movie that's gonna inspire the whole family.
0 It just doesn't have anything really interesting to say.
1 The majority of the lady and the duke revolve around peace, decisive moments between the members of the cultural elite, while they determine how the world implodes.
0 While you have to admit that it's half -amusing to see Robert Deniro's belt outside when you're "a jet," you're a jet that goes all the way, "it's just as tasteless to watch him sing the lyrics to"tonight."
1 a picturesque, romantic rendering.
1 Filmmakers David Weissman and Bill Weber benefit enormously from the Cockettes' camera madness -- not only did they film performances, but they did the same at home.
1 how cool and fascinating as the modern Hitler study by Philippe Mora, giggles and anticipates.
0 a little too sensitive to work as a flat conversation, not nearly sharp enough to qualify as drama, Monsun wedding serves primarily to arouse the appetite for the Bollywood movies.
0 A film that the less charitable than a castrated cross between Highlander and Lolita could describe.
0 Seagal, who looks more like Danny Aiello these days, mumbles his way through the movie.
1 a complete experience, a love story and a murder mystery that spreads into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence.
0 How do you make a film with depth about a man who doesn't have any?
1 Feedges fact and fantasy with such confidence that we feel as if we are seeing something more pure than the real thing.
1 The cast is first -rate and I predict that there will be a lot of female viewers drooling over Michael Idemoto.
0 Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant are a great team, but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip.
1 It is all combined with energy, intelligence and Verve, supplemented by an excess of vintage archive film material.
0 so confused, repetitive and torn that it says much less about the frightening historical reality than about the characteristic style of the filmmaker.
1 a quick step in the family.
0 "analyze that''one of those crass', made -up sequences that not only fail on their own, but make you question your affection for the original.
1 Fabric formula, serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting, dialogue, comedy, direction and above all charm.
1 The twisted drama touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance of Rachel Griffiths.
0 I am sure that the filmmakers have found this remarkable and novel concept, but anyone who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is a cheap click233 instead.
1 In his understanding, often funny, she tells a story whose repetition is confirmed by the changing composition of the nation.
1 Let us have a moratorium, effective immediately, on film films about inspiring preparatory professors and the children who motivate them so cordially.
0 Tired of derivatives and acted hammly.
1 I left this new version of E.T., just like I hoped, with wet eyes.
0 What should have been a Hollywood shot is about as fresh as the release of the variety last week.
1 The film does a solid job from slow, steady to the height of violence.
1 The heart of the film is a touching reflection on aging, suffering and the prospect of death.
0 The idea of erasing people's emotions, even in an advanced Prozac nation, is so insanely dysfunctional that the wild balance becomes a blunt concept.
1 leaves any thought that the German film industry cannot make a charming comedy with food.
0 with the dog days of August on us, think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity.
0 The special effects are ``German -expressionist,''according to the press releases'--they can make anything but ridiculous.
1 A well -executed spy thriller.
0 Cinematography by Lisa Rinzler may be beautiful, but the story of Liza herself falls into an unbalanced power outage that sustains consciousness only long enough to reach an insensitive presumption.
1 The trailer is an uprising.
0 These cloning voices from the other side of history are hell.
0 Unfortunately, it's not even half the interest.
1 a cool, thoughtful, but quiet resonant psychological study of domestic tension and dissatisfaction.
1 The result is a little satisfactory, it still comes from Spielberg, who never did anything t hat was not at least worth seeing.
1 I'll go on a mist.
1 deflated end aside, there is much to recommend the film.
0 Sheridan is painfully bad, a fourth -rate Jim Carrey who knows the difference between stupid fun and just stupid.
1 As unlikely as this premise may seem, Abbass's Underated, shining achievement gives us the feeling that on an elementary level Lilia wants deep to free herself from her old life.
0 Maybe Leblanc thought, "Hey, the movie about the baseball monkey was worse."
1 is a fascinating turn for the coming French genre.
1 Nevertheless, he appreciates art and reveals a music scene that goes beyond culture and race.
1 escapes the costly backdrop of most romantic comedies that enter into history very real, complicated emotions.
0 full of barren hotels, motorways, parking lots, with some views of nature and family warmth the break is a discreet moaning of despair about the captivity in the maze of modern life.
1 A naturally funny movie, home movie makes you yearn for Chris Smith's next movie.
0 Director Hoffman, his writer and Kline's agent should serve time.
1 The quirky and recessive charms of co -stars Martin Donovan and Mary Louise Parker help overcome the problematic script.
0 It's a pointless action flick with a twist -- much better suited for video viewing than the multiplex.
0 As an entertainment target for the general public, Kung Pow sets a new benchmark for lameness.
1 Thanks to the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in American tea comedies.
1 -Irb --all -rrb - manages to give life to this somewhat tired premise.
0 The truth about Charlie is it's a shamelessly misguided project.
0 With little visible talent and no energy Colin Hanks is in poor need of great acting lessons and perhaps a little coffee.
0 This film feels more like an incessant cry for attention than an attempt at any kind of satisfying conversation.
1 intoxicating, but obviously biased.
1 a mostly believable, refreshingly low -key and quietly inspiring little sports drama.
1 rarely, a movie is more than a movie.
0 How this one escaped from the lifelong network, I'll never know.
0 For some eyes, this is like recycling ClichCommity233s, the greatest hits of an assassin.
0 less fun than it should be and less fun than it thinks.
0 a painful assumption, the film is hampered by uneven dialogue and eliminates action.
0 The innate theatrics, which offer their thrills and extreme emotions, lose their brilliance when flattened on the screen.
1 a gentle and captivating character study.
0 Lazy, tonal uneven.
0 In the end, the film means to be taught by technicians when you are ready for such things.
0 The film is reversed by anachronistic fast editions and occasional insights into a modern theatre audience that unfolds the events.
1 what could have easily become a cold, calculated exercise in post -modern paste leads to a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic filmmaking.
0 Russell lacks the visual panache, the comic touch, and perhaps the budget of summer title -bout features.
1 A remarkable film about the Shanghai Irb, from all places, served Jews who escaped the Holocaust.
0 "Interview" loses all sense of mystery and becomes more of a television episode than a documentary that you actually buy.
1 An old -fashioned but emotionally driven adventure story that they seldom do anymore.
1 intelligent and moving.
1 a Bodyce Ripper for intellectuals.
1 It's fun, smart -ass, smart and surprisingly harmless for a movie about a teenager who loves his stepmother.
0 The narrator and the other characters try to convince us that the transfigurines acting Esther, but she has never spoken on stage; one feels betrayed, and Esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard.
1 Time Out is existential drama without the one with the term.
0 Guilty of the worst sin to attribute to a film like this: it is not frightening at all.
1 By interpreting this urban study with references to Norwegian folklore, Villeneuve creates in a strudel a world where the bizarre is credible and the real magic.
1 conditioning gradually builds up until you feel full of this gentle comedy.
1 kwan is a master of shadow, silence and spatial noise, and Ian yu is a disarming living movie.
1 maryam is a small film, but it offers great rewards.
1 ya -yas everywhere will forgive the mistakes and love the movie.
1 a stylistic game that is always fun to see.
0 You can almost immediately say that the welcome in Collinwood does not go to Jell -O.
1 a shimmering, charming, aging portrait, in artful, watery tones of blue, green and brown.
0 The impressive pictures of fireplaces and crematorium corpses are undermined by the presentation of the film, which is far too stagnant.
0 It has been a heavy stench of ``done that''hanging over the film.
1 A lovingly silly satire that doesn't shy of throwing elbows when necessary.
1 But forget all that; the breasts are fantastic
0 Every chance you get to do something smart, the movie goes over the edge and kills any sense of credibility. All you have left is a series of explosions and violence, while Banderas looks like he's not laughing about how bad it is.
0 Stress is stupid.
1 Katz's documentary doesn't have much panache, but with all the material he's got, he doesn't need it.
0 Boring, pointless meditation about losers in a contaminated hotel.
1 huppert and girardot give performances of extraordinary honesty.
0 Where's the film?
0 an unspecialized sci -fi drama that takes itself too seriously.
0 Whether it is art that imitates life or life imitates art, it is an unfortunate situation around.
0 It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a Mormon family movie and a sentimental, louder one in this one.
1 This makes the minority report necessary when you look at science -fi fans, as the film has some of the best special effects that ever existed.
0 If you really want to understand what this story is really about, you are much better served by the source material.
1 Swimming is mainly about the face of a young woman, and by playing an actress whose face projects this woman's doubts and desires, it succeeds.
0 Matthe's underdeveloped effort here is nothing more than a comfortable conveyor belt of brooding personalities stumbling around as if they were coming back from the camp of the tribal haracter -- a sleepy drama deluded by their own presumptuous self -examination.
0 "the War of Roses,"trailer -trash style.
1 The Powerpuff girls come on the big screen with their superpowers, their super -simple animation and their super -Dooper loveability intact.
0 Originality is missing.
1 He trusts the story he tells.
0 The film has a kind of hard, cold effect.
1 And you'd have a 90 -minute, four -star movie with which you cut up all the superfluous debris, and you'd have a 90 -minute, 4 -star movie.
1 While there is probably very little Crossover appeal to those who are not very interested in the elizabethans -lrb - as well as Rank frustration from those who know about Rubbo's dull -down tactics -rrb), a lot of noise about something is a consensual undertaking.
0 Do we really need a remake of ``Charade''?
1 Stevens has a flair for dialogue comedies, the film runs well from the element of surprise, and the large cast is solid.
0 The mystery of the puzzle is how a rich historical theme combined with so much first -class talent... would have given such a flat, plotting image.
1 All leather pants, augmented boobs, hawn is funny when she tries to lose the fun -loving Libertine that's lost somewhere in the conservative, handbag clutch sarandon.
1 Mr. Audiord's direction is fluid and fast.
1 The observations of this social \\"economic" urban environment are skillful and flavoured with irony.
1 Insomnia is in many ways a conventional, even predictable remake, Nolan's penetration undercurrent of cerebral and cinentisc flair lends -lrb -it -rrb -stimulating depth.
1 Undoubtedly the most terrifying movie about tattoos.
0 ...on a bunch of useless mtv jewelry actors who don't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes.
0 Watching a Brian Depalma movie is like an Alfred Hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers.
1 Ian Holm conquers France as a Napoleon
0 Break's as serious as a Pink Slip.
0 tykwer's surface flash is not only a bad fit with kieslowski's lyrical pessimism; it completely contradicts all kieslowski's work sought, including the condition of art.
0 -lrb -rrb - produces the worst kind of mythology, the kind that sacrifices true heroism and deep suffering for melodrama.
0 Director Tom Shadyac and star Kevin Costner abuse history with the promising premise of a doctor who has to heal himself.
1 a tremendous amount of work.
1 As an actor's window, hard war has much to recommend, even if the top billed Willis is not the most impressive player.
1 a rather funny film, with most of the humor comes, as before, from the incongruous but chemically perfect team of crystal and de niro.
1 There is something touching about an artist of 90 -plus years who tries to share his impressions of life and loss, time and art with us.
0 Our culture goes down the toilet with the cruelty of a frozen burrito after a late -night tequila bender, and I know that because I saw "donkey."
1 Moonlight Miles doesn't quite go the distance, but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to find their way through this tragedy.
0 American and European cinema has accumulated great Holocaust literature, but it is impossible to think of a film t hat is more demanding or depressing than the gray area.
0 The script is to mainstream and psychology to textbook to intrigue.
0 If you recognize Zeus -lrb -the dog from the kidnapping -rrb - it will wish you were home and to see this film instead of in the theatre.
1 wilco is a phenomenal band with such a captivating story that will capture the minds and hearts of many people.
1 Although Nijinsky's words are increasingly disturbed, the film maintains a bewildering serenity and serenity that makes it accessible for a non -narrative function.
0 parker updates the scenery in an attempt to make the film relevant today without understanding what it was that made the story relevant at all.
1 This film may not have the highest production values you have ever seen, but it is the work of an artist whose view of America, history and the incompetence of human life is generous and deep.
1 brings together some of the greatest names in Japanese anime, with impressive results.
0 very pretentious.
0 Mattei thus completely loses himself to the circular structure of the film in order to ever offer an enlightening discourse on love in the time of money.
1 Irb - leigh -rrb - has a real talent for kidnapping his actors -lrb - improvises over many months -rrb - and for mediating the way tiny acts of kindness allow normal life to survive.
0 Director Douglas McGrath accepts Nickleby with all the half -hearted zeal of an eighth -grade boy for the necessary reading.
0 Godard uses his characters if this is not too glorified as art, mouthpieces, visual motifs, spaces.
1 There's a lot to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau.
0 gaping plot holes lowers this "sub -"standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth.
0 No surprises.
0 The film is so bad that it does not improve the experience of staring at an empty screen.
1 a stylish cast and some clever script solutions help Chicago to make the transition from stage to screen with considerable excitement.
0 with the creation of a game of who is who, where the signs are often more predictable than their consequences.
1 an effective portrait of a life in stasis... the power of inertia to stop development in a dead end.
0 The nights are more like a quickie TV special than a feature film.it is not even a TV special, i.e. you would bother to watch the second commercial break.
0 Blue Crush is as predictable as the tides.
0 We're with a story trying to catch us, just letting go at all the wrong times.
1 The subtitled costume drama is put in front of phones, weapons and the internal combustion engine in a remote African empire, but the politics that it strikes are as timely as tomorrow.
0 With minimal imagination, you can re -formulate the whole thing in your bathtub.
0 Just think about what new best friend doesn't have, starting with the little omission of a script.
0 Instead of inventing the death of a climactic hero for the beloved protagonist, who is to remain nameless, why not invite a little real spontaneity into the movie by actually hitting something once the evil aliens' laser guns?
1 Director Rick Famuyiwa has emerged as an articulate adult voice in African American cinema.
1 Their computer -animated faces are very expressive.
0 It's not only hollow, manipulative, and as good as Wonder Bread dipped in milk, it's doing the last thing we Hollywood have to do to ourselves: it's preaching.
0 Acting is not much better.
1 a powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love, racial tension and other topics that are as valid today as in the 1950s.
1 more Best of the year selection.
0 The movie goes on a little longer than it has to be -- muccino either doesn't notice when his story ends, or he just can't part with the characters -- but it's smooth and professional.
0 It's just too bad the writers end up shooting themselves in the foot with a cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer, patrol car piles and the necessary screaming captain.
0 His unilateralism... flirts with propaganda.
1 the overall effect is reverence and affection... and a strange urge to get on a board and, uh, shrede, dude.
1 The fear of the underworld is derived from Martin Scorsese's taxi drivers and Goodfells, but this film speaks for itself.
0 "synthetic" is the best description of this well -meaning, beautifully produced film, which sacrifices its promise to a highly propelled star tribe.
1 The film turns out to be relentlessly grim and just as captivating.
0 too clumsy in key moments...to make a big splash.
1 a little jewel of a film that resists classification and is as thoughtful as funny, scary and sad.
0 ch2266teau would have benefited from a sharper, cleaner script before it went on camera.
1 ...pretty good at providing some good old -fashioned spies.
1 Arliss Howard's ambitious, moving and adventurous rebound of direction, great evil love, meets so many challenges that it challenges itself that one can forgive the film's mistakes.
0 "the ch2266teau is never quite able to overcome the cultural trenches surrounding its ridiculous and covered plot."
0 In this environment, their struggle is simply too ridiculous and insulting.
1 I'm generally not a big fan of cartoons that come from TV shows, but hey arnold!
1 literary purists may not be satisfied, but when it comes to mainstream matinee -type entertainment, it does a bang -up job of pleasing the masses.
0 It is rare to see a film that comes so quickly from ````````promising''to ````````````````````````````````````````````````````interesting `' to ```````````````familiar''before it comes directly to ``stupid'''''.
1 a wild ride of a movie that always throws fastballs.
1 Tunney, full of coltish, neurotic energy, holds the screen like a real star.
1 The actresses find their own rhythm and protect each other from the bad ideas and incompetence of the script.
0 The lovers are really wrong about this rickshaw!
0 an uninspired preview and clicks233d war movie.
0 El crimen del padre amaro would probably be most effective if it were used as a tool for mobilising anti -Catholic demonstrators.
0 a processed comedy Chop Suey.
1 Rouge is less about a superficial midlife crisis than the need to stay in touch with your own skin, at 18 or 80's.
1 Part of the charm of the satiated rouge is that it avoids the obvious with humor and lightness.
1 His story about a young Chinese woman, ah well, who came to New York to replace past tragedy with the American dream, is one that any kind of House Moviegoer will probably find convincing.
1 great performances, stylish cinematography and a brave feeling help gangsters no. 1 a rewarding moving experience.
1 But it's thoughtful that they do.
0 The movie has an almost fatal case of sweets, and it's not as funny or as charming as it thinks.
0 the script of Flunders under the weight of too many story lines.
1 an improvement over the weak examples of large -scale mania that preceded it.
1 manages to enjoy his intended audience, children without putting their parents in a coma -like state.
0 What begins as a possible Argentinean American beauty smells like a room full of stabbing flowers.
0 Serving Sara should be served an eviction notice in every theater.
0 Which is hard to understand why someone picked it up.
1 a winning and insanely fascinating work.
0 Blue Crush is so long and boring t hat it's not even the worst movie it promised.
1 A film does not even announce the truth about two people in love, but allows them time and space to convince us of it.
1 -lrb -fincher's -rrb -camera sense and certained s pacing make it a abover -Average thriller.
1 But while the highly predictable narrative remains brief, treasure map is really beautiful to see.
0 There must be an audience enjoying the Friday show, but I wouldn't be interested in knowing one of them personally.
0 Some good acting, but ultimately a movie without reason.
0 And if you appreciate the one -sided theme of Lawrence's overindulgent tirade, knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard, which is a self -enlightened Martin Lawrence love fest.
1 It's consistently funny, in an irresistible junior high kind and consistently free from any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond thought.
0 It's definitely not made for kids or their parents, and I think even fans of Sandler's comic taste find it uninteresting.
0 Things get really strange, though not particularly scary: the film is all ported and no content.
1 A really scary movie about the power of the spirits to influence us whether we believe in them or not.
1 On an irresistible, long -lasting romance, Byler reveals the ways in which a sweaty evening or a beer -soaked afternoon in the sun itself can inspire the most appealing heart.
1 There is absolutely no reason why Blue Crush, a late summer surfer girl entry, should be as entertaining as it is
1 Mike Leigh populates his film with a wonderful ensemble of characters that bring to life the daily struggle of the working class
0 contains a few large laughs, but many more that graze the funny bones or miss altogether, partly because the consciously dim -down approach becomes thinner.
1 Transforms one of the Irb Shakespeare's rrb's deepest tragedies into an intelligent new comedy.
1 successfully mixed satire, high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie.
1 A loud comedy that renounces the knee -scraping hostility of women, which speaks for humor in so many teenage comedies.
1 an elegant film with often surprising twists and a mixture of Naivetohn233; and sophistication.
1 Even better than the first!
0 I can't recommend it.
0 Poor Ben couldn't find a star if Mapquest had sent him directions from point to point.
1 More of the same by Taiwanese author tsai ming -liang, this is good news for anyone who has fallen under the sweet, melancholy spell of this unique director's previous films.
1 It shows everyone that he can take any of these young Whippers who take pictures today out of his mouth.
0 Strictly by numbers.
1 on the Granger film ad from 1 to 10, the Powerpuff girl is a fast, frantic, funny, even punny 6 -- specifically directed at a primary school audience.
1 Those who are predisposed to ``plex to like it will probably enjoy it.
1 an ambitious ``what if?'
1 If a movie lasts that long, you know there's something.
0 There's nothing wrong with performing here, but the whiny characters annoyed me.
1 It's a boring movie about a boring man being watched by a Bravura performance by an accomplished actor who is incapable of being boring.
1 A first -class, thorough involvement of the B film, which actually combines two surf films, beloved genres, the prison film and the martial arts film.
1 The Lady and the Duke are a clever, romantic drama that dares to portray the French Revolution from the perspective of the aristocrats.
1 Even if you have seen ``stamp'''-lrb ``the stage show ``rrb'''you still have to see it!
1 This well -known rise and fall story is long on glamour and short on major moral consequences, although it is told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of time.
1 The cast revolves in a collective stellar performance, and the writing is narrow and truthful, full of funny situations and honest observations.
0 Although not as bad in a movie, it's not nearly as good as the original.
1 as broad and cartoonistic as the script is, there is a precision of observation in the work of the director, Frank novak, which keeps the film grounded in an indisputable social realism.
1 Its use of the Thriller form to investigate the labyrinth ways in which people's lives will cross and change through events that seem to have gotten out of control is fascinating, provocative things.
0 a less exciting thriller.
0 It would have been nice if the writers had trusted the audience to understand a complex story and had forgotten the predictable resolution of the film.
1 The hard -to -predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the ground -level bullock and the nonchalant Grant proves to be sensational and everything is tangible in this elegant conversation.
1 Some of the most devastated and devastating war scenes since "Saving the Private Ryan" were re -created by John Woo in this little known history of indigenous peoples and their role in the Second Great War.
1 Morton deserves an Oscar nomination.
0 You just have your head in your hands and you wonder why Lee's character didn't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery.
1 in turn presumptuous, fascinating, grotesque, provocative and boastful.
0 It's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey.
0 Irb --davis -rrb --wants to give his audience a revelation, but he refuses to give us real situations and characters.
0 It looks and plays like a $40 million version of a game that you probably enjoy on a computer.
0 van wilder has a built -in audience, but only among those who dry out from the spring break and still do not care what they take.
0 Forget the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and simply observe the procession of costumes in castles and this two do not seem like such a boring one.
1 It's too hard to work as a storyteller, but as an intellectual exercise, an unpleasant debate that was given the impetus of a story and that was "played -- the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work.
0 There is no excuse for watching a delightful family movie with a computer -generated cold fish.
1 a very capable nailbiter.
0 One scene after another in this supposedly funny movie falls to the floor with a disgusting blow.
1 a funny, whimsical feature debut.
0 "lrb - hopkins -rrb - does not make as much phone in its performance as fax.
1 A moving and clear reminder that the victims of the war go far beyond what we imagine.
0 No wonder you can't see anything new, no thrill, too many flashbacks and make a moving end to a bad movie.
0 Marriage feels a little anachronistic.
0 It's like rocky and bullwinkle at speed, but it's not completely illuminating, nor does it capture the intensity of the movie's weirdness.
1 "schepisi", supported by a cast that includes any first -class British actor not in Gosford Park -lrb as well as one, Ms. mirren, who has succeeded -rrb, without any expectations.
1 That movie made me laugh.
1 An invasive story of murder and mayhem.
0 weighs with slow, switching stories and flat actors.
1 I have an uplifting truth without you that is refreshing after the futility of women -bonding images such as the divine secrets of the ya -ya sisterhood.
1 Actor Barry has done excellent work here.
1 A decent nail -eater with a good chance of being the big hit Franklin needs to stay afloat in Hollywood.
1 ...the plot weaves us into a complex web.
0 too annoyingly weird and taken with his own style.
0 the most opaque, self -indulgent and simply silly excuse for a movie, as you can imagine.
1 The Scorpion King has more fun than Conan the Barbarian.
1 He's got a great cast and a great idea.
1 "sweet home alabama" is what it is... a nice "harmless date movie...
1 Even when there is peace, the emotions seem authentic, and the picture is so beautiful in the end. You hardly notice the 129 -minute running time.
1 diaz, applegate, Blair and Posey are appropriately crazy, which should appeal to women and they undress often enough to keep men alert, if not amused.
1 Sure, it's imaginary and predictable, but his performances are so well tuned that the movie comes out winning, even if it's never as solid as you want it to be.
0 Unfortunately, the full front plays like the work of a dilettante.
1 runs on the pure adrenaline of the performance of pacino.
0 The tux was not only bad, it was, as my friend David Cross would call it, hungry portions worse.
1 shyamalan takes a potentially banal and exaggerated concept -lrb - aliens come to Earth -rrb - and give it into a rustic, realistic and quite scary history of the hidden invasion.
1 Spider -Man is better than any summer blockbuster we've had to endure last summer, and hopefully it sets the tone for a summer of good things.
1 the film is visually dazzling, the depicted events dramatically, funny and touching.
0 ...a complete mess of such a sloppy movie, so uneven, so damn unpleasant that I can't believe no viewer, young or old, would have a good time here.
1 Like many Western action films, this Thriller is too loud and arrogant, but his deep concern for the recent past and the future of North Korea adds an urgent moral weight.
1 a charmer from Belgium.
0 It's not only boring because we've seen lrb Eddie rrb murphy kill the genius Rogue shtick, but because the plot is equally hacked.
1 even during the climatic hourlong cricket match, boredom never assumes.
1 A movie that sends you out of the theater as if you've actually spent time living in another community.
1 Pipe Dream has its charms.
1 If you're part of their target audience, you'll cheer.
0 Crush could be the worst movie a man has made about women since the Valley of the Dolls.
1 It's very beavis and ass -face, but it always seems to produce a kick.
1 solaris is rigid and evasive in a way that soderbergh's best films, ```````````````in brockovich, ````out of sight ``and ``ocean's eleven'''were never.
1 a modest but deeply moving documentation.
0 ...grows considerably thinner with its many out -size, character and logically porous action set pieces.
1 and it would be nice to see what he could do with a decent budget.
0 As a feature -length film, he disguises his welcome as deceptively as the title character.
1 Frank Capra was just playing that story.
0 control -alt -delete simone as soon as possible
0 Still, it still seems endless.
0 There is a stubborn theatrical feeling and a foggy quality of the kind of storytelling that undermines the devastating narrative effect of the total loss embodied in the simple title of the film.
1 Mel Gibson fights the good fight in Vietnam in director Randall Wallace's flagship flight with a core of decency.
0 For a film that is being advertised a s a comedy, the sweet home of Alabama is not a s funny a s you had hoped.
1 "Hair salon" is a kind -hearted ensemble melody with a variety of quirky characters and a captivating story.
1 Although Ian yu has no sense of dramatic urgency, the film equates this with a pleasing verisimilitude.
0 This hastily assembled production exists only to show Hopkins' propensity to play Hannibal Lecter again, although Harris has no immediate propensity to provide a fourth book.
1 Fortunately, thanks to the actors, the target will never be too blinding''perfect weird timing and sweet, real chemistry.
0 But it has an ambition to say something about its subjects, but not a willingness.
0 Please, somebody stop Eric Schaeffer before he makes another movie.
0 Sheridan had a wonderful account to work on, but, curiously, he waters it down by reading grain and vulnerability in light.
1 Despite his mistakes, bands excel in spectacles and walking.
0 A noisy, inexpensive and weary formula film, hidden in euphemism "urban drama".
1 lovingly photographed in the style of a golden book that awakens to life, little 2 creates the sweetness largely without stickiness.
1 provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes, as several outlaws express their own views.
0 Flat, misguided comedy.
1 It's been done before, but never so vividly or with so much passion.
1 berling and bdouble233artcontinue to impress, and Isabelle huppert...again shows an uncanny ability to get under the skin of her characters.
1 serious film travelers going on this journey will find that the road to damnation leads to a satisfactory destination.
0 This overproduced piece of dirt is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary.
1 there are moments of joy to have.
1 It's hard to imagine anyone stealing a movie, not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal, but also from decorated Oscar winners Susan Sarandon, dust Hoffman and Holly Hunter, but newcomer Ellen Pommeo draws the performance with applause.
0 I never thought I'd say this, but I'd rather watch teenagers stick their genitals in fruit pies!
0 I suppose this would have been the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had published the results theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD.
1 It offers a glimpse of the Solomon decision against Jewish parents in these turbulent times: to save and lose their children.
1 The film shakes the laughter of the audience as if it were from Rinderprot.
0 badly written, gloomy and poorly played, the picture feels as if everyone who does it has lost their film Mojo.
1 elegant, manly and tease.
0 ...plays like a badly edited, 91 -minute trailer -lrb - and -rrb - the director does not seem to get a coherent rhythm.
1 There are mistakes, but there are also sections of impact and moments of reverence; we are wrapped in the signs of how they make their decisions and why.
1 and, yes, also sexy, is never again a welcome and heartwarming addition to the genre of romantic comedy.
1 Not the great American comedy, but if you like the previous films in the series, you will have a good time with this.
0 Capur's conflicting feelings about his material result in a film that works against itself.
1 but fascinate them in their lightness.
1 a heartbreaking, thoughtful little classic, the work of a real and unique artist.
0 This is an action movie with an action icon that was all out of order.
1 worth catching for Griffith''warm and winning central performance.
0 "cq can one day lovingly be Coppola's short preemptive time before going to other movies that actually tell a story worth telling
0 Who cares? -rrb -.rrb.
0 neither deflatory nor really nervous, just extravagant and comical.
1 an unflinching, complex portrait of a modern Israelis that is rarely seen on the screen.
0 The first question about bad business is why Anthony Hopkins is in it.
1 an intelligent romantic thriller of a very old -fashioned quality.
0 It is difficult to feel anything as you watch this film, about mild disturbance or freestanding joy in acting.
0 a clearly mixed bag, the occasional outbursts sharpen writing alternately with a lot of slackness and the obligatory moments of sentimental mud.
1 enjoy a b -movie that you can watch on a certain level and then forget.
1 a fascinating, dark thriller that binds you to the delicious splendor of its lurking fiction.
1 Delightfully mute, sweet, and occasionally funny... If you want to do something weird, steal a look.
0 There are a lot of kitschy dialogues and absurd moments.
1 Williams absolutely nails sy's mulasy infatuation and total stranger.
0 The superheroes suffer because they don't have enough trucks to earn their 103 -minute length.
0 As exciting as this exoticism may sound for the typical Pax viewer, the rest of us will be put into a coma.
0 If you need a cube correction, check out the hairdresser's salon again a n.
0 a weirdly conspicuous shop window that deviates from drilling or penetrating anything away.
0 Sure, being equally obnoxious to children and adults, eight crazy nights are a total failure.
1 I haven't laughed like that in years!
1 Sorvino is delightful in the central role.
1 a kind, eloquent film which, at the end of the film, offers a beacon of hope to the refugees who are able to look forward and resist life in an ever -lost past.
1 What a great opportunity to spend four units of your day.
1 a passionately curious film determined to discover the truth and hopefully inspire action.
1 a successful adaptation as well as an entertaining film.
1 And Vin Diesel is the man.
0 A kiss is just a waste.
0 Murder by numbers just doesn't add up.
0 All three descriptions fit Evelyn, an imaginary and obvious drama that tells us nothing new.
1 This is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action, cheese, ham and cheek -lrb - as well as a serious debt on the road warrior -rrb, but it feels like unrealised potential
1 In death to smoochy, we don't get Williams' usual tears and a smile, just fear and bile, and the spectacle is nothing but refreshing.
0 an uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening.
0 The movie is about as humorous as watching your favorite animal buried alive.
0 Bears are worse than I ever imagined.
0 Dramatically lacquered.
1 Eddie Murphy became a movie star and the man didn't age a day.
1 This is an undeniably fascinating film of an adventurous young talent that finds its inspiration at the edge of the American underground.
1 Yes, mibii is lazy work and predictable, but with a philosophical look that comes right to the end, that extravagant solves it.
0 Your contrast is neither dramatic nor funny, it's just a strange fiction.
0 All characters are clinically depressed and have given up their slim hopes and dreams.
0 Tartakovsky's team has some crazy powers of visual charm, but the five authors slip into the modern routine of narrative banality.
1 a gently funny, sweet adventure movie that makes you feel really good, that is, completely unaffected by false feelings or sharp, over -manipulative Hollywood practices.
0 tries to be too funny in a way that is too loud, too silly and too short of a attention span.
1 the disgusting title character provides the drama that gives this doc an additional influence.
0 You're confused whether you've seen pornography or documentary.
0 Lucy's a boring girl, that's all.
1 Sensitive ensemble performances and good reconstruction result from a moving tragedy with some vivid human moments.
0 Directed without the expected flair or fantasy of hong kong master John Woo, the Windtalkers present almost every cliche in the War Film Compendium over its lenient 2 -hour and fifteen -minute length.
1 It looks closely, sensitive to fragile, complex relationships.
0 The story has some nice twists, but the end and some of the story is a little tired.
0 is an unspeakable and vain desirer looking for this very niche.
0 The mothmaniac prophecies, which are mostly boring, seem to exist only for their climatic attitude.
1 Spirit is a visual treat, and it takes chances that according to studio standards are bold, but it lacks a strong narration.
1 This is one of the rarest types of movies: a family -oriented non -Disney movie that is actually funny without falling under your belt.
1 For almost the first two -thirds of the 168 -minute bands by Martin Scorsese in New York, I was thrilled.
0 ...a cheap, ridiculous attempt at serious horror.
0 A constantly ugly film for watching, listening and thinking, it is probably the most robust example of why the DVD revolution has reduced the art of filmmaking.
1 enticing and often funny documentary.
0 But one thing is certain: it never comes close to being funny or scary.
0 The film finally rests under the pressure of his action and his need to calm down.
1 While Olivier Stone's conspiracy Thriller jfk was long, complicated, starry and visually conspicuous, interview with the assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity.
1 The comedian is a story worth telling.
0 The holes in this film remain agape -- holes that are driven through an inconsistent, marching, and sometimes dry action.
1 only worth seeing for Weber and Lapaglia.
0 It follows the Blair Witch formula for an hour when we have something scary and vague in our work, and then it goes wrong in the last thirty minutes.
1 an encouraging effort by mccrudden
1 I was amused and entertained by the development of bielinsky's skillfully constructed scenario, and very impressed by the ability of the actors involved in the company.
1 This masterpiece is courtesy of John Pogue, the Yale -grader who gave us "the skulls" and last year "the roller ball."
1 It's touching at first, finally pow drama.
0 This isn't a Jackie Chan movie.
1 Chamber of Secrets finds millions of eager fans.
0 lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravery that characterizes better hip -hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired ten years ago.
0 a shy, muddy near miss.
1 a solid, entertaining thriller that is close to true inspiration.
1 a quiet family drama with some romance and a dose of darkness.
1 Smith investigates the intimate, unexpected moments of people living in unusual houses that appear in almost every corner of the country.
0 I admire it and still cannot recommend it because it exceeds its natural duration.
0 thoroughly captivating and ultimately tragic.
0 I can analyze this movie in three words: fucking thumbs down.
0 If only it were more fun.
0 It is chaotic, incoherent, incomprehensible, vicious and absurd.
1 from his charming, joyful overture to his pathos -filled, but ultimately life -affirming finale, martin is a masterpiece.
0 Charles is an emotionally manipulative and sad imitation of countless past love stories.
0 Kung Pow seems to be a meaningless blend that was quickly developed after Oedekerk and his teammates came through the crash of a college keg party.
0 His premise is wise, but the execution is quite exhausted.
1 A captivating Iranian film about t wo travelling teachers and some lost and desolate people who meet them in a place where war has destroyed the lives and freedoms of the poor and the deprived.
0 For those for whom the name Woody Allen was once a guarantee of something fresh, sometimes funny, and usually really rewarding, Hollywood is a depressing experience
0 Somewhere in the chaos that's traveling the world, there's a mediocre movie trying to get out.
1 First of all...The reason to go to see ``blue Crush''is the phenomenal, water -borne cinematography of David Hennings.
1 Knowers of the Chinese film will be pleased to discover that Tian's acrylic talent is not corrupted during his forced break.
1 Medium, silver -haired and leonine, lrb - harris -rrb - brings the aging Sandman a tragic dimension and a wild full -bodied joke and ruse.
1 left me the feeling of longing, lasting traces of Charlotte's web of longing and despair.
0 The problem with bread is it's way too sentimental.
1 combines a strange, dark social realism with a grotesque fantasy of redemption and regeneration.
0 loud, chaotic and largely inhuman.
0 The main characters are simply called the husband, the wife and the kidnapper, stressing the disappointing general nature of the whole effort.
0 to forget a movie
0 with crazy cliches and way too much dialogue.
0 Starts with huge promises, introducing a fascinating and enticing premise, only to become victims of a boatload of screening cliches sinking it faster than an leaky freighter.
1 A predatory and often hilarious follow -up to the talented Korean American stand -up's I'm the one that I want.
1 a totally creepy business that gets under the skin and, aside from some land coins, stays there for the duration.
0 an artful but depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the mosquito of a missing bike.
0 The film ends with outtakes where most characters forget their lines and just say "uhhh" which is better than most in the movie.
0 If that doesn't tell you something's terribly wrong, nothing will.
0 This loud and utterly disgusting comedy about a couple of contentious working class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience.
0 It's not easy to check.
0 Eventually, people in the history of the academy will wonder what all that jazz said about "chicago" in 2002.
1 The film has a great look and Salma Hayek has a feeling for the character in all stages of her life.
1 What makes barbershop so sympathetic, with all its faults, is that it has none of the pushy and decibel volumes of most contemporary comedies.
0 This is mostly a useless film, even with a great director at the helm.
1 -lrb -reaches -rrb - absolutely believable and heartbreaking depths of despair.
1 The film gets fearlessly under the skin of the participants... makes it not only a detailed historical document, but a captivating and moving portrait of a subculture.
0 for a film about the power of poetry and passion there is little of both.
0 Unfortunately, we prefer a simple misfire.
1 ...a real joy.
0 a terrible nap.
0 not too much.
1 an interesting psychological game of cat and mouse, three -dimensional characters and credible performances all up to a satisfying crime drama.
1 A new film from Bill Plumpton, the animation master, is always welcome.
0 "End" is too often seen as about outdated clothes and plastic snatch at your neighbor's garage sale.
0 cox offers many insights into existing photos, but there are no films by Nijinsky, so instead the director treats us like a aimless Hodges.
0 Its weighty themes are too serious for young people, but history is too embellished in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal to many teenagers.
0 Nothing happens, and it happens with flat signs.
0 makes us think less about his ideas and more about his characterisation of Hitler and about the fictional nature of his provocative conclusion.
0 "white oleander", "the movie" is like a Reader's Digest condensation version of the source material.
1 High drama, Disney style, a wing and a prayer and a treasure followed his castle in heaven.
0 Schnieder jumps around with slender wrists, wears tight abdominal covers and hip hugs, twists his hair on his finger and assumes that's enough to laugh...
1 A wonderfully speculative character study that came up for her rather slow start by drawing me into the picture.
1 It is the kind of film that, apart from Robert Altman, Spike Lee, the Coen brothers and some others, our moviemakers do not make enough of t.
1 The action sequences are funny and reminiscent of battle scenes from the Star Wars series.
1 the work of an exhausted, dehydrated talent who does not come out of his own way.
0 The problem is that van Wilder doesn't make much fun of the material.
0 No cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang war called it wild.
0 seems like a bad imitation of the bard.
0 The sweetest thing leaves a terrible sour taste.
1 It is a great American adventure and a wonderful movie about Imax.
0 Looks like a soft porn brian de palma pastiche.
1 A unique sensual, metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession that spends a little too much time on her rather absurd act.
1 The sentimental cliches mar an otherwise excellent film.
0 Hollywood has turned from Alfred Hitchcock's fantastic flight into Shyamalan's self -important Summer Flaff.
0 This is a standard price for criminal novels.immediately forgotten and thoroughly boring.
1 Eyre is about to become the American Indian Spike Lee.
1 When interviewing the electoral process, payami graphically illustrates the problems of young democracies, but also the strength and feeling of freedom that the Iranian people already possess, with or without access to the ballot box.
0 There is a scientific law here that producers should be well observed: mediocre films begin to draw as soon as the action is accelerated; when the explosions begin, they fall into pieces.
0 Borstal Boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking, the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful, but really frustratingly anxious and muddy.
1 so brilliant is the concert, this is one of the rare pictures you love everywhere, in the hope that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen.
0 The only conversation you'll derive from this delicate and sloppy affair will be unintentional giggling -- some of them.
0 The good girl is a film in which talent is indisputable, but the results are disappointing.
0 more of the same old trash Hollywood has tried to pass as acceptable tea entertainment for some time.
1 Amazingly stupid.
0 the Christian allegory does not work because there is no basis for it
0 Romanek keeps adding flowers, artistic fantasy sequences that just feel wrong.
1 combines improbable melodrama - lrb -blooded bullfighters, comatose ballerina -rrb - with subtle, crispy night watches and sensational performances, and yet in the end we are undeniably touched.
1 You don't need to be a hip -hop fan to appreciate scratches, and that's the sign of a documentation that works.
0 I'm not sure which half of the dragonfly is worse: the part where nothing happens, or the part where something happens, but it's stupid.
1 Director David Caesar Ladles about the local taste with a very enjoyable film about the changing times, the collision cultures and the pleasures of a well -prepared pizza.
1 The journey to the secret discovery is a separate adventure, and enough thrills.
0 Roman Polanski directs the pianist like a surgeon heals a broken heart; very carefully, but without any passion.
1 It's emotional and unsolicited, and that's obviously exactly what Irb aniston -rrb has always needed to grow into a film career.
1 like Blended Shapes of lipstick, these components connect to a great story with lots of laughter.
1 Devos delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and emerging demons in a wallflower.
0 has lost some of the dramatic beliefs underlying the best comedies.
1 tells a fascinating, captivating story.
0 Like a comedian who starts fast, but then keeps on flopping, the comedian comes out of the steam after half an hour.
0 One of those movies where the characters live in this special annex to hell, where adults behave like children, children behave like adults, and everyone shouts, no matter what the situation.
0 devotees of star trek ii: the wrath of Khan will feel a tormenting feeling of deja vu, and the size of the best next generation episodes is missing.
1 beautiful to win back the story of Carmen and return it in an African idiom.
0 The headlines, which unfortunately exceed the hits by three to one.
1 Michael Piccoli's moving performance is the reason for this film.
1 Read my lips is visible and appreciated for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love.
0 Those who seek a definitive depiction of Eisenstein's life would do better elsewhere.
1 Yeah, up.
1 as banal as the story may be... and sometimes... All my loved ones more than flirt with kitsch... History draws attention.
1 Although weakness fits into a classic genre, it is a remarkably original work in its script and execution.
0 Naipaul fans can be disappointed.
0 attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama.
1 gripping and moving is a walk to remember, an inspiring love story that captures the innocence and idealism of this first encounter.
0 In any case, I would only recommend great, bad love to Winger fans who have forgotten Paris since 1995's.
1 ...until it is finished with us, mira nair's new film has his audience with the joy of discovering giddy, from being immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same everywhere.
0 If there's a heaven for bad movies, deuces is wild on the way.
1 A huge boxing hit in Korea, shiri is a must for genre fans.
1 Blood image of clint eastwood resembles a well -made pb & j sandwich: familiar, quite quiet and boasts no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same.
0 The thing about people like Evans is you're never quite sure where self -promotion ends and the truth begins.
0 I found myself increasingly frustrated and distant as Vincent became more and more disgusting.
0 It's like an all -star salute to Disney's cheesy commercialism.
0 like a bad improvisation exercise, the superficially written characters who struggle boring about their life, their love and the art they create.
0 Although their fans have certainly tickled their funny bones, others will find their humorous dollars best spent elsewhere.
0 The first lethal attraction was disgusting enough.
1 a sentimental but completely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters.
1 measured on virtually every similar film except its oscar -fewing franchise predecessor the silence of the lambs, red dragon rate as an exceptional thriller.
0 and as with most late bullsessions, the content is not nearly as captivating as the Rowdy participants think it is t.
1 ...a silent introspective portrayal of the self -esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job...
1 Garcia and the other players are helping to make the shaky premise work.
0 It's just lurking if it's not completely stupid.
0 Friday after that, the kind of film that could only be made by African -Americans is because of its broad racial feelings towards African -Americans.
1 It's also played well.
0 This dubious product of a college -laiched -lrb -colgate u. rrb - comedy ensemble, known as a broken lizard, plays like a mixture of Cheech and Chong and Chips.
1 All three actresses are simply dazzling, especially balk, who is finally a part worthy of her remarkable talents.
1 ...a powerful continuation and one of the best films of the year.
1 It's about individual moments of mood, and aimlessness, which is actually kind of amazing.
1 a gift to anyone who loves both dance and cinema
0 A hit -and -miss company so uneven that one cannot help but suspect that it was improvised daily during production t.
0 the new film by anton chekhov's of the Kirschgarten sets the ``ick''in ```classic.'
0 bad editing, bad bluescreen and ultrakitsch dialogue mark the radical action.
0 If Welles was unhappy about humanity splitting into two parts, he probably wouldn't be too crazy if the film of his ankle split up in quite the same way.
1 Passions, obsessions and lonely dark spots are pushed to their most virtuous limits, giving the story an unusually surreal tone.
1 Definitely a human friend, but then also the Roman Colosseum.
1 This story of a determined woman's courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effective moments.
0 Blood work isn't a terrible movie, it's an amazingly obvious, unstoppable collar for a murder mystery.
0 ...extends the horizon of boredom to the point of collapse and turns into a black hole of tolerance from which no interesting concept can escape.
0 as steamy as last week's pork rind.
1 The story itself was mostly told by interviews in front of the camera with several survivors whose captivating memories are made so clear that it is as if everything had only happened yesterday.
1 The film is smart, offbeat and even brave enough to overcome my resistance.
0 Another week, another lousy college comedy...
0 a laughing -- or rather -- unsolvable -- excuse for a movie.
0 Too stupid to take it seriously.
0 Low comedy doesn't come much lower.
1 It is a very tasteful rock and roll film.
1 meticulously assembled, annoyingly well -behaved film that ticks milestones on Kahlo's lifetime with the obligatory precision of a tax consultant.
1 DAVIS''honest', Archtly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes in her second attempt to realize.
1 a quick and exciting Argentinean thriller over the shadow side of the game.
0 eventually the snail walker and the lack of thematic resonance make the film more ridiculous than scary, like a kind of Martha Stewart decorative program Amok.
0 Rats from the sewer could watch this movie and be so isolated they'd need a shower.
1 hard to resist.
0 There is an excellent 90 -minute film here; unfortunately it runs for 170.
1 Director Carl Franklin, so snappy and thrifty in the wrong step, crashes into Genre Cliches here.
1 Like a precious and finely cut diamond, magnificently seen in its sparkling beauty, but in reality it is a hard rock.
0 No cute factor here... The problem is, he has no character, lovable or otherwise.
0 suffers from his timid analysis of the scandal of sons who try to break gaps in their relations with their fathers.
0 It's a Frankenstein monster from a movie who doesn't know what he wants to be.
0 an incredibly narrow joke on the smallest segment of an already obscure demographic.
1 a knowledgeable view of female friendship, imbued with harsh urban humor.
1 ...starts on a high note and gets it nice.
1 the overall result is an intelligent, realistic representation of the test limits.
1 Quaid is completely fearless because the tortured husband is living a painful lie, and Moore wonderfully subjugates the long -suffering heroine with an indestructible'50s dignity somewhere between Jane Wyman and June Hackbeil.
0 Most of the problems with the film come not from the script, but rather from the mediocre performances of most of the actors involved.
1 A gripping comedy that provides food for thought.
0 deuces wild enters heavily into Romeo and Juliet. West Side history area where it obviously has not to go.
0 There is no psychology and no real narrative logic here, just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities that are curiously impersonal and abstract.
1 The secretary performs a neat trick by bundling the flowers of perversion, comedy and romance into a strangely enticing bouquet of a movie.
0 everything about it, from the faded songs to the colorful but flat drawings, is completely usable and quickly forgotten.
1 This fascinating experiment plays more than a poetic reality, creating a fascinating art that gives the lady and the duke some theatrical air.
0 a few pieces of the film hum and whir; very little of it actually clicks.
0 The action heroes days of ah zero may be over.
0 The film has a script -lrb - by Paul pender -rrb - made of wood, and it is implacably folksy, a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary opposites.
1 The filmmakers' eye for detail and high performance standards convey a strong sense of the girls' environment.
1 It also shows how deeply felt emotions can pull people over walls that they might otherwise separate.
0 Even if you accept this in the right spirit, you can only give him so much leniency.
1 It is immediately ridiculous and compulsively observable in its committed stupidity.
0 They threw a lot of money at an idea that was supposed to be a lot more, even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans.
1 West Coast rap wars, this modern mob music drama never fascinates.
1 As part of Mr. Dong's ongoing research into homosexuality in America, the family foundation is a serious study in despair.
0 a film that is more prescriptive than recommended -- as visually fad as the waiting room of a dentist, complete with soothing muzak and a pillow of predictable narrative rhythms.
1 All in all, brown sugar is a satisfying romantic comedy that is both charming and well played.
1 represents a dignified departure from the culture of Clash comedies that have characterized an emerging Indian American cinema.
0 so faded and completely forgotten that it might as well have been called a generic Jennifer Lopez romantic comedy.
1 A comedy that swings to the rhythms of life.
1 a stylish thriller.
1 constantly touching, surprisingly funny, semi -surreal research of the creative act.
1 Birthday child does not try to surprise us with plot twists, but seems to enjoy its own transparency.
0 a poky and pseudo -serious exercise in fake acting workshops and an affected malaise.
1 The rare film, which works on different levels, as a film of magic and fantasy for children, a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a convincing argument about death, both pro and con, for adults.
1 The universal theme of becoming a better person through love was never filmed more irresistibly than in "baran".
0 There must be a more graceful way of depicting the destruction of this disease.
1 is one of the most politically daring films of recent decades from all countries, but especially from France.
1 The rock is destined to be the new "Conan" of the 21st century and that it "even bigger than arnold black -egger, jean -claud van damme or stiff sail.
0 Adults other than parents It will be difficult to succumb to the call of the wilderness.
0 Here, unfortunately, it collapses like a charred souffle233.
0 plays like a long, moving sketch, inspired by the works of John Waters and Todd Solondz, instead of a fully developed story.
0 Snow dogs find their humor in a black man humiliated by a pack of dogs smarter than he
1 Before it suddenly becomes a bizarre kind of romantic comedy, Steven Shainberg's adaptation of Mary Gaitskill becomes a shocking short story.is a brilliantly played, deeply disturbing experience.
1 ...very funny, very pleasant...
0 The hackneyed story of a wealthy damsel in distress who decides to fight her tyrants of a husband is simply too much.
1 ...with the gifted bulb on hand to keep things dramatic on semi -stable ground, this retrofitted machine is finally effective enough to achieve the modest, mass -appropriate goals it sets itself.
0 similar to his slightly negative attitude to the elevated lifestyle, there is not much here.
1 lathan and Diggs carry the film with their charisma, and both show a sharp comic timing that makes the hacked elements of the film easier to digest.
1 He has improved the first and taken a step further, richer and deeper.
1 It is proof to de niro and director Michael Caton -jones that at the end of the films we accept the characters and the film, mistakes and everything.
1 This method almost never fails him, and it works perfectly here.
1 It is technically expensive, but also almost wildly alive.
0 a characteristically charged and sloppy film.
1 oft en sympathetic, but just as oft en it is empowering to be powerless, and too eager at times when a little old -fashioned storytelling would be useful.
0 The infantile cross -dressing routines of Rob Schnieder fill the hot bride, the latest gimmick from this unimaginable comedian.
1 ...The story of her passionate, turbulent affair with shells unfolds as a masculine personality of the sand with his love for life and beauty.
0 It is so empty of joy and energy that it even makes Jason x.in comparison positive shakespean look.
1 a hypnotic portrait of this sad, compulsive life.
0 an ugly, pointless, stupid movie.
1 a fascinating, irritating investigation into the delusions of an unstable man.
1 A clever little India.
0 a big meal of Klischees that chokes the talented cast in general.
0 ...What a banal drilling the predecessor is.
0 goes on and on until nausea.
1 I have a new favorite musical... and I'm not even a fan of the genre
0 Master of disguise only runs 71 minutes and feels like three hours.
0 You're gonna feel like you ate a Reese without peanut butter.
1 easily one of the best and most exciting films of the year.
1 Despite the surface interactions -- conrad l. hall's cinematography will probably be nominated for an Oscar next year -- there's something impressive and yet it's missing everything.
0 Broder's script is superficial, insulting and redundant, with unfortunately few real laughs.
0 looks more like a travel agency video aimed at people who like to ride without bikes and roll in the mud than a worthwhile look at independent community headlights.
1 That's why sex and Luzia are so enticing.
0 After an hour and a half of amazement, sometimes amusing, sometimes impatient, what this tirelessly unconventional film is supposed to be, you discover that the answer is as conventional as it can be.
1 nettelbeck.has a pleasant way with a metaphor.
0 a puzzle whose parts don't fit.
1 a little depressing and sometimes a bit excessive, but this is a nice film for people who like their romances to have this French realism.
0 After the first ten minutes worth seeing, the film sinks into a abyss of ClichComment233's, depression and bad alternative music.
1 Not everything in this ambitious comic adventure works, but Coppola, along with his sister Sofia, is a real filmmaker.
1 It's fun, but it's a real howler.
1 Even through his mistakes, the revolution "; 9 is a convincing and interesting film.
1 Only the work involved in creating the richness of layers of images in this Chiaroscuro of madness and light is amazing.
1 The case is convincing and should give everyone with a conscience reason to pause.
0 This kind of thing doesn't break new ground and kick like a hippopotamus ballerina onto old terrain.
1 When Twentysomething Hotties make movies about their lives, persistent narcissism is a given, but what world would we live in if Argento's Hollywood Pendants... had so much imagination and nerve.
1 by itself, big problems could be considered a funny little movie.
1 -lrb - reynolds -rrb - takes a classic story, throws attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is bad fun to watch.
1 If you are satisfied with a clever pseudo -bio that manages to have a good time as it distributes parts of the famous director's life, it delivers iron stone.
1 This is the kind of subject that could have been so easily confused by a less filmmaker, but Ayres makes the right decisions at every turn.
1 calmly touches on the romantic problems of individuals for whom the longing for passion means dissatisfaction.
0 I realized that we haven't had a good, cheesy b -movie since, well, since the firehouse last week.
0 In the end, this is a frustrating patchwork: an unpleasant marriage of Louis begley's source code Irb, over Schmidt -rrb and an old Payne script.
1 ...as soon as the true influence of the day unfolds, the power of this film is undeniable.
1 This time the hype is quieter, and while the film is a little less successful than the first, it is still a rolling good time for the most part.
0 nothing more than a suffocating moral fantasy dressed in piekaboo clothes.
0 This is the kind of low -class crap that usually goes straight into the video with a lousy script, incompetent direction, pathetic acting, poorly synchronized dialogue and gloomy cinematography, complete with visible boom -mikes.
0 Every joke is repeated at least four times.
0 The gags, and the script, are a mixed bag.
0 and adults will at least have a dream image of the West to enjoy whenever the lamer instincts of the film are in the saddle.
1 the best film of the year 2002.
1 The film has a pitch -perfect holding in Kieran culkin. He is a very good player who is able to feel able.
1 The first shocking thing about the students is that they are actually observable.
1 a film that I loved at first sight and, more importantly,
0 an exaggerated,purcoordin233;ed mDoub233;lang of sex,psychology,drugs and philosophy.
1 This is a film of grace and hope.
0 Documentary film to make the stones cry, as embarrassing as it is frightening.
1 The most pressing thing about "fence" is its conclusion when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and note to our dismay that this has actually happened.
0 begins with courage and style, but does not hold and sits down in ClichSurinam 233s.
0 the film feels formal, its action and walking typical Hollywood war movie stuff, while the performances create more a feeling of deja vu than awe.
0 -Irb - i -rrb - t i s t i t i s certainly commendable that the film deals with hot buttons i n a comedic context, but the hair salon i s not as funny as i t should be.
0 But the second half of the movie is really going down.
1 a well -grown and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ``direct video''release.
0 This foggy southern nostalgia, where the line between juicy and sanguine runs, ends up in the ice -cold quicksand.
0 The only fun part of the movie is to play the obvious game.
0 a small, little bit of piffle.
0 Even if the film, as far as it goes, is quite involved, he doesn't have much to say about what's fresh to say about growing up Catholics, or, really, anything.
1 A fascinating story that combines psychological drama, sociological reflection and high octant thrillers.
1 a captivating drama.
1 It lifted me up, rocked me around and threw me back with more emotional force than any other recent movie.
1 The pleasures it can afford can be enough to occupy many cinemas amidst some of the more serious concerns of other vintage films.
0 Its inevitable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has not lived under a rock since Sept.
1 A pretty decent child - pleasing, tolerable - for adult Lerche of a movie.
1 When I entered my memories during World War II, I found myself strangely moved by even the most kitschy and hackneyed contrivances.
0 the film produces plot points with a degree of randomness usually only reached by lottery drawing.
1 Classic cinema with heart and humor
0 there may have been a good movie every day in ``difficulties,''but it is not what is on the screen.
0 The result is a ``action film''played in stasis.
0 because relatively nothing happens.
0 an authentically vague but ultimately pointless study in the total pandemonium.
0 But they don't match well and they don't match well.
0 like most films about the pitfalls of bad behavior... is drawn into the party.
1 With dirty deeds, David Caesar has entered the mainstream of filmmaking, with an assurance worthy of international recognition, and with every film tool under his control, driven by a natural sense of what works on the screen.
1 Strangely, the film is not as depressing as it sounds, but strikes a tone that is alternately melancholy t, hopeful and strangely funny.
1 I've never seen or heard anything like this movie, and I only recommend it because of its originality.
1 When the film mixes the Cornpone and cosa nostra, it finds a beautiful rhythm.
0 ...there is a delicate, surface -effective feeling for the whole company.
1 It's funny, touching, dramatically powerful, and nicely shot.
1 A good documentary can make an interesting subject that you thought you'd let go.
1 This is a children's film in the truest sense of the word.
1 A very funny romantic comedy about two anxious middle -class New Yorkers stumbling into a relationship and then fighting furiously with their fears and weaknesses.
0 The film does such an excellent job of criticizing itself at every half -step of its development that criticism rather like compassion.
1 a solid, scary conversation worth the price of a ticket.
1 There are not many conclusive answers in the film, but there is an interesting story of great personalities, courage, tragedy and the little boys against the big boys.
0 plays like a series of vignettes... Clips of a movie that is still looking for a common line.
1 A film that begins with the everyday life of the Marines in San Diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears appeared in my eyes.
1 Leigh is one of the rare directors who feels that acting is the heart and soul of cinema.
1 I sat in the third row of the Imax cinema in Sydney's Darling Harbour, but sometimes I felt like I was on the tiny two -seater plane carrying the huge camera around Australia, sweeping and sliding, banking and hovering over some of them not
1 But it's more enjoyable than I expected, and that's because the laughter comes from pretty simple comedies.
1 It's smart, energetic and smart, the kid's like a 14 -year -old Ferris Bueller.
0 The film does not have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers, and it lacks the novel charm that has made spy children a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences.
1 She's boxing these women's souls for us.
0 All the film's narrative gymnastics can't target the fact that it's inauthentic at it s core and that it's story just is not worth counting.
1 This is dicaprio's best performance in all times, and easily the most visible film of the year.
0 Even if the impostor assumes the cover of a modern motion picture, it is also a bomb.
1 jolie there is that extra little something that is worth watching at the theatres, especially if you are in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging.
0 A central problem with these passionate Christian storylines is that there is never a question of how things will end.
1 except the slightly flawed -lrb - and quite incredible -rrb - final, everything else is up shelf.
1 A summer of adult entertainment without shame, but it could have been more.
0 "bad" is the operative word for "bad company," and I don't mean that well.
0 Seriously, rent the Disney version.
1 The immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyperrealistic images are perfectly used in the breathtaking beautiful space documentation 3d.
0 It is hard to imagine that a confusing, less interesting and sloppy movie in 2002 could get underway.
1 As they said in the 1950s, the signs are a tribute to the gifts of Shyamalan, which we will continue to observe for his next project.
0 The only pain you'll feel as the credits roll is your stomach growling for a delicious meal.
1 in visual fertility treasure planet rival the best Japanese animations of the last century.
0 If you go, pack your knitting needles.
0 Call me a cold -blooded fear that I can't enjoy a pointless action movie, but I think a movie can be mindless without being the highlight of all the senseless things.
1 sure, vital and well done, the film is probably the most successful work so far by hong kong's versatile stanley kwan.
1 Despite my problem with the last half hour of the film, I will recommend a secretary, based on the wonderful acting clinic set up by Spader and Gyllenhaal, and also the unique way Shainberg says what in my heart i s a sweet little girl.
1 The big final surprise almost saves the movie.
0 a poorly conceived mess that is not frightening, not smart and not engaging.
0 What we get in this Feardotcom is more like something from a bad Clive Barker movie.
0 Too much of the movie feels made up as if the filmmakers were worried that the story wouldn't work without all these tricks.
0 Austin Powers in Goldember is a cinematic car wreck, a catastrophic collision of tasteless and galley, which will still push fans on another ride.
1 24069s?
0 -lrb -t -rrb -too many of these disgusting scenes...
1 an original and highly cerebral examination of the psychopathic mind
0 If it comes on video, it's the perfect cure for insomnia.
0 Killing time, that's all that's going on here.
1 It is an experience in understanding a unique culture presented with universal appeal.
1 If you like peace, you'll like promises.
0 The dialogue is very delicate and one -sided, although it is called.
1 a perfectly pleasant, if light poker comedy.
1 The benefits are equally good.
0 It wouldn't be so important that the routine of this arrogant Richard Proyor is offensive, childish and unimaginable, if it were at least funny.
1 If the film does not meet its own ambitious goals, it nevertheless gains interest in the long construction of exposure material.
1 Murderers have a lot to do, not least the brilliant performances of Testud and Parmentier.
0 ...State ownership is not very inspiring or informative for all its social and political potential.
1 The search for salvation is a touching love story, mainly because blanchet and ribisi competently resort to a spiritual aspect of their characters''suffering'.
0 heavy duty device.
1 On the whole, it's Mr. Kilmer's movie, and it's his strongest performance since the doors.
0 a subformal slap in the face of the seasonal jubilee.
0 wild and uncomfortable.
1 One of those joyful films that skip national boundaries and celebrate universal human nature.
0 Irb -a -rrb - devastating disappointment.
0 I like my Christmas movies with more fairies and snow and less pimps and hookers.
0 Looks like someone's going through the motions.
0 Despite great special effects and funny gags, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets find a way to make J.K. Rowling's wonderful show into a deadly boring one.
0 Fans of Plympton's Shorts may enjoy the film only slightly, but it is doubtful whether this joyless feature will get him new viewers.
1 ...a thoughtful what -if for the heart and mind.
1 The attraction between these two border features is complex from the beginning and remains refreshing.
1 The production was made with an enormous amount of affection, so we believe that these characters love each other.
1 ramsay succeeds primarily with its typical mixture of disturbing atmosphere, which provides a series of abrasive, stylized sequences that burn on the viewer's memory.
0 "The movie sucks.
1 an ideal love story for those who are intolerant of the more common Saccharin genre.
0 ...a blurry, presumptuous mess.
0 The film never rises above a conventional, two -dimensional narrative
1 frustrating and rewarding.
0 ...If it had only been for half an hour or a TV special, the humor would have been quick and angry -- in ninety minutes, it's pulling.
0 A superfluous continuation... plagued by this old familiar feeling of ``let's go with this': everyone has shown themselves at a certain time and place, but visible enthusiasm is very hard to find.
0 Animation puts back 30 years, musicals back 40 years and Judaism back at least 50.
0 a joyless and pointless affair.
0 A comedy of manners about a smart kid in prep school with a Mrs. Robinson founder on her own merits and wastes her beautiful women.
0 Nothing about them is attractive.
1 manages to be both very entertaining and uplifting.
1 Vera has created a provocative, absorbing drama that reveals the curse of self -hatred caused by rigid social customs.
1 The performances are an absolute joy.
1 This seductive thriller charm does the job.
1 Like all great films about a life you never knew existed, it offers a lot to absorb and even more to think about the last frame.
1 It is a strength of a documentary film to ignore the existing bias, especially as easily as it would have been on that premise.
1 It's funny and human and really fucking wonderful, all at once.
0 Irb Bademan -rrb is the victim of sloppy conspiracies, an insultingly unbelievable last act and a villain who's too crazy to be interesting.
0 We're back on my turf, and technically, a cutter is not a stiff martin.
0 Predictably melodramatic.
1 Russian Ark is a new treasure of the hermitage.
1 very captivating.
1 Answer Fisher certainly does the trick of taking care of his protagonists and celebrating his victories, but with a few exceptions he seldom bends to cheap manipulations or kitschy conventions to do it.
0 The whole animal thing is creepy.
0 The whole film is so formal and forgetful that it is almost over before it fades from memory.
0 more a gun party than a rock concert.
1 If you can swallow your absurdities and cruelties, lagaan is really a lot of fun.
1 has his moments... and almost so many points.
0 a derivative collection of horror and sci -fi cliches.
1 So what's next?
0 Nelson's intentions are good, but the end result is not fair to history itself.
1 Twohy is a good yarn spinner, and eventually history compels.
1 a captivating aesthetic experience, one permeated by mysteries and a ravishing Baroque beauty.
0 aggressive self -glorification and manipulative white laundry.
0 do not convince the public that these actions will ever be more than losers.
1 hatosy.presents young Brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety, not to mention a convincing brogue.
1 Washington overcomes the mistakes of the script and surrounds the audience in fear, anger and frustration.
1 Mariah Carey gives us another look at the magic we've seen here in the Wisegirls.
0 very stupid and annoying.
0 an empty exercise, a flowery but ultimately boring criminal melodrama with a lot of surface flash, but little emotional resonance.
0 The script is a tired one, with few moments of joy over the obsolete material.
1 It's a day on the beach with air conditioning and popcorn.
0 make like the title and doke this one.
1 often shocking but ultimately rewarding research of motherhood and desperate mothers.
0 Lousy John Q spits out Denzel Washington's fine performance in the title role.
1 But it's surprisingly harmless.
0 Officially, it's twice as animal, but half as funny.
0 A film that suffers from its many excesses.
1 a quiet moving look back at what it was, Iranian -American in 1979.
0 The tracks given here are simply too threaded to be interesting.
0 swings between sleepy satire and what is supposed to be a crazy farce.
0 a significantly lower effort, which is better to use on the cable, especially in view of its barely functional duration of one hour.
1 a competent, unprovoked conversation to fill the after -school slot in shopping centers across the country.
1 serves as both an enlightening view of the collaborative process as well as a contemporary, linguistic profile of the company circus, which is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing.
1 The reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy movie you've ever made, aside from the street war, it owes aliens and every previous dragon drama enormous debt, but that hardly makes it any less entertaining.
0 The death of the comedy to smoochy is a rancorous curiosity: a film without an apparent audience.
0 makes a potentially interesting idea a painful film school experience that better only plays for the film's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the characters of the film
0 One of those tense Kaper movies, which is hardly fun to watch and starts to evaporate from your memory minutes after it ends.
1 You can't deny that Burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him.
0 a film that loses its own history.
0 Where Tom Green stages his gags as attacks on America's knees, idiotic moral holiness, the donkey lacks the ambition of social upheaval.
0 These self -centered athletes have poured their brains into the ground so oft en and furiously that their ability to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct to self -preservation.
1 a fascinating documentary about the long and moving spiritual journey of the gurus, which has helped to start the new age.
1 the film has the courage to his convictions and excellent performances on his side.
0 a loud, ugly, irritating film without encountering any of its satirical ointments on a discernible target.
1 There's enough to impress E.T.
1 The pianist, Irb, is a very hopeful warning of the madness of war, recalled that today we can prevent his tragic loss of life.
1 Themes that make a sailor blush, but have fun.
0 never decides whether it wants to be a black comedy, drama, melodrama or a combination of the three.
1 has the rare ability to calm and break your heart with a single beat.
1 A conventional but well -designed film about a historic legal struggle in Ireland for a man's right to raise his own children.
0 These 24 -and -a -half looking for their own Caddyshack to accept them as a generational shield may have to keep looking.
0 Unfortunately, "garth" didn't go as well as "wayne."
0 The story of trouble every day... is so sketchy that it means little more than preliminary remarks for a science fiction horror movie, and the fragmentary narrative style of the film makes it difficult to put the story together, frustrating.
0 -lrb - t -rrb - the ideas of the revolution ",
0 Most of the information has already appeared in one or another forum and, no matter how Broomfield looks at it, it tends to be speculative, conspiracy theories or, at best, circumstantial.
0 Consider the film a celluloid paint sample for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a huge setback for a director that I admire.
0 Imagine -lrb - if possible -rrb - a Pasolini movie without passion or politics, or an Almodovar movie without beauty or humor, and you have a sense of the gloom, numb experience as you see o fantasyma.
0 Just bad.
0 Although it's trying to be a lot more, it's really just another big league.
0 If the writer responsible for one of the worst films of a year conducts an equally miserable film in the following year, you would find it hard to believe that it was just coincidence.
1 the whole film creates a wonderful and frightening atmosphere.
0 Director elie chouraqui, who co -wrote the script, begins the chaotic horror of war, but why bother to subject the truth to the tearing demands of soap opera?
0 This is a film so uncertain about its ability to arouse that it calls not one but two flagrantly false thunderstorms to underscore the action.
0 If I want music, I'll buy the soundtrack.
1 This film has the usual impossible stunts.but it has just as many scenes that are slender and hard enough to fit into any modern action film.
0 Sometimes it makes less sense than the brutheimeresque American action flicks it emulates.
1 as a film director, further improve unstable.
0 A dark comedy that goes for sick and crazy humor just like that.
0 Fault by Charles Stone III from a lead script by Matthew Ciulnick and author Thulani Davis.
0 the dialogue is difficult, the simple soundtrack and the editing more.
0 It's a movie that lives way too much in his head.
0 Pascale Bailly's rom -com delivers am2233try's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin, i.e. a banal spiritual quest.
1 P.T. Anderson understands the generosity of romance and how love is the great balance that can calm us from our daily illnesses and bring us joy in our lives that we never knew was possible.
0 Imagine Henry is the gift of magic that has moved into the abyss of Nyc's drug scene.
1 I don't know if weakness will make Bill Paxton a top director, but he can be satisfied knowing that he made at least one damn good horror movie.
1 Despite the huge budget, the film is such a blip on the radar screen of the year that it is tempting to just go with it for the ride.
1 "fragile" offers chills, similar to those you get when you sit around a campfire at midnight telling scary stories to get on each other's nerves.
1 Despite modest efforts, their occasional charms cannot be denied.
0 Any reasonably creative eighth grader could have written a more credible script, but with the same number of continuity errors.
0 Go, girls, straight to the reality drain.
0 Terrible, terrible romances.
1 an intelligent, convincing drama.
0 thoughtless, random, superficial humor and many very bad scouse accents
1 ...there is enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages.
1 Nice and slow.
0 The problem, amazingly enough, is the script.
1 offers an interesting view of the rapidly changing face of Beijing.
1 ...certainly an entertaining ride, despite many conversations, slow scenes.
1 an escapist religion that is pure entertainment.
1 An amusing charge against Jaglom's own profession.
0 So aggressively cheerful that Pollyana would grab a puke bag.
0 a worthy idea, but the uninspired scripts, acting and direction never rise above the level of an after -school TV special.
1 beautifully shot, gently hit and driven by a set of heartfelt performances, it is a lyrical undertaking.
0 pompous and mutilated.
0 There's a whole bunch of nothing at the heart of these little adults.
1 For all his problems...The lady and the duke never manage to become boring. This proves that Rohmer still has a feeling for his audience.
1 The salt lake has moments of inspired humor, although each piece is of the darkest kind.
1 a touching, demanding film that almost looks like a documentary in the way it captures an Italian immigrant family on the verge of major changes.
0 It is absolutely unfriendly and not entertaining to see the middle and older men drinking too much, pissing on trees and a show in drag.
0 Thriller that triggers sleep, with a single turn that anyone can see except the characters in it.
0 kuba gooding Jr. bravely beats through snow dogs, but also its stormy energy does not ignite this lead comedy.
1 A sharp, amusing study on the cult of fame.
1 A culture -class comedy that is not only very funny, but also some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a grumpy American in Europe.
0 constantly slipping from the grip of its maker.
1 The bouncy narrative line, shaped by director Peter kosminsky in sharp cuts and cut impressions, shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few moving pictures and distinctive features.
1 an emotionally strong and politically powerful piece of cinema.
1 The fact that the real ant fisherman was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man is a wonderful thing; that he was able to share his story so competently with us is a small miracle.
1 What a stupid, funny, curious teenage movie this is.
0 simple, stupid and boring.
0 We just don't care so much about this love story.
1 Author \Director Burr Ochsen emphasizes the q in scurrill, with mixed results.
1 It's usually a bad sign when directors give up their scripts and go where the moment takes them, but Olympics, wash. Filmmakers Anne de Marcken and Marilyn Freeman have done this and it makes their project so interesting.
1 Here is a sadistic bicycle film that would have made Vittorio de sica proud.
1 offers laughter and insight into one of the toughest times a child can go through.
0 For a film about explosions and death and spies, ``ballistic: ecks vs. sever''seems as safe as a children's movie.
1 It is up to -lrb - watts - rrb - to give credibility to this strange scenario, and their presence we manage to believe.
1 What makes this film special is Serry's ability to accept a essentially closed family conflict and put it in a much larger historical context.
0 Well, in some of them, even the mother animal dies.
1 ...a solid, well -formed satire.
1 The film is small in size, but perfectly formed.
0 less than fresh.
1 Those who would automatically bypass a hip -hop documentary should give ``scratch''a second look.
0 A 75 -minute sample of childish rubbish that is lustless, mindless and anything that resembles humor.
0 It is written in a sordid script that polishes layer upon layer of the action Man ClichComment233; on wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far behind the peculiar moral immortality of -lrb - woo's -rrb - best work.
1 with a stick plot, over a boy injects just enough freshness into the procedure to make a pleasant 100 -minute in a cinema.
1 old -fashioned but quite satisfying conversation.
0 they only have problems that are neither original nor convincing presented.
0 pointless and boring martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero convincing storyline.
1 a brilliant and often shocking look at damaged people and how families can either offer despair or comfort.
1 below may not mark Mr. Twohy's appearance in the mainstream, but his promise remains unchanged.
0 I think it was Plato who said I think that's why I know better than to rush to this theater.
0 The soul -seeking superiority of the film, although well acidified with a dry absurd joke, eventually becomes too difficult for the action.
0 Isn't it a little early for director Barry Sonnenfeld to pay homage to himself?
0 This stuffed pig of a film flake hovers between bizarre comedy and blatant horror.
1 chouraqui brings documentary credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarity of ethnic cleansing.
1 It is endlessly inventive, consistently intelligent and sick wild.
0 White hasn't developed as many characters as caricatures, one -dimensional clowns that give him a few laughs, but nothing else.
1 World travelers cannot go anywhere else or arrive in a special place, but it is certainly an honest attempt to achieve something.
1 It's life -affirming and heartbreaking, sweet without the disintegration factor, funny and sad.
1 Funny dialogue between realistic characters that show honest emotions.
0 Hawke's film, a tedious, arrogant waste of almost two hours, tells you nothing but that the Chelsea Hotel is today populated by crying, pathetic, starving and talentless artists.
0 is entangled walking through an excessively silky action and stop and start.
1 The lively charm of the last kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughts and pasta -fagioli comedy.
1 with a lovely cast, writer \\director of the kosashvili takes a somewhat dark view of relationships, both sexual and related.
0 Some bodies often look like a result of the TV show Blind Date, only less technically competent and without the pop -up comments.
0 "Girls from the sorority" was funnier, and the movie was pretty bad.
1 the fine line between cheese and seriousness is remarkably good; everything is delivered with such conviction that it is difficult not to be carried away.
0 Stupid stuff, all mixed up like a semester paper from a kid who can't quite tell a science fiction work from another.
1 It's the filmmakers' post -camp understanding of what made old B movies good that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer distraction.
1 And, there's no way you won't talk about the movie when you leave the theater.
0 The rules of attraction make us drunk on the party favor us sober with transparent attempts to moralize.
1 His work with actors is particularly impressive.
1 develops in a series of achronological vignettes, the cumulative effect of which cools.
0 from his pseudo -rock video opening to the idiocy of his last frames.
0 One of the movies that started with a big premise and then just fell apart.
0 If you're excited about monsters in a horror movie, you know the picture's in trouble.
1 a captivating, gripping piece of Advocacy cinema that carries you in a flood of emotions while exploring the terrible complications of a terrifying day.
0 wish washy.
0 No one can doubt the motives of the filmmakers, but the boys still feel counterproductive.
0 It just shows that an intelligent person is not necessarily an admirable storyteller.
0 moves in such strange plot directions and descends into such a message -intoxicating moralism that its good qualities are hidden.
1 For those of you who want to see some strange French films, that's a must!
0 too often the son of the bride becomes an exercise to predict when a predetermined "big moment" will occur and not "if".
1 The mood, the look and the sound of the film fit the incredible action into a T.
0 a confused, sluggish cookie from a movie, a vampire soap opera that doesn't even make sense on its own terms.
1 a certain sexuality even underlines the most boring tangents.
0 Why "they" were here and what "they" wanted and quite frankly, I didn't care.
0 Flat.
1 A work of extraordinary journalism, but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry.
1 But tobacco's disturbed immediacy makes it look fresh again.
1 All three women provide remarkable services.
1 Koury reveals frightfully and honestly a teenage boy's unpleasant class anger and his self -inflicted revenge.
0 off the hook is overloaded and not well played, but credit writer -producer director Adam Wattstein with the completion at all.
1 There is a subversive element in this Disney cartoon that offers unexpected Fizzability.
1 In a time when big stars and high production values are standard procedures, narc strikes a defiant retro chord and surpasses his contemporaries with daring and very much.
0 Freaky Friday, It's not.
0 an essentially uncomfortable version of the light female empowerment image we've been watching for decades
1 Supported by an amazing voice -- lrb -- except love hewitt -- rrb -- an interesting racial tension, and a story I haven't met since at least Pete's dragons.
1 While the 72 -year -old Robert Evans was slowed down by a stroke, he has at least one more story to tell: his own.
0 This is a baaaaaaad movie.
1 Maggie Smith as a Ya -ya member of the O2 tank will finish you off with her nonsense, then look for gas, verbal deportation.
1 brims with passion: for words, for its eccentric, accident -prone characters, and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life.
0 borrows from other films like it in the most ordinary and obvious way.
0 Aside from the cynical social commentaries "; 9 never fully ignited.
0 History alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head.
0 This sub doesn't have a captain.
1 spectacular in every sense of the word, even if you don't know a orc from a uruk -hai.
1 another and emotionally reserved kind of survival story -- one less film about the break -up of the entire World War II by the specific conditions of a man and more about the man lost in his midst.
1 You'll probably prefer to keep watching.
1 A film that is flawed and brilliant.
0 It's pale and predictable and lacks laughter.
0 The importance of the serious film seems to miss a great deal on the arrogant headline of the theatre.''
1 It's a beautiful, scary movie that cast a weird, rap spell.
1 a fantastic -lrb - and pedagogical -rrb - documentary film.
1 The word that comes to mind as I watch Eric Rohmer's tribute to a brave Scottish lady is picturesque.
1 A funny and touching film played by a British cast to rival Gosford Park.
1 he allows his actors to make creative contributions to history and dialogue.
0 an incoherent mix -up of a film that is rarely as entertaining as it could have been.
1 Cho continues her exploration of the outer boundaries of space.
0 Instead of a panoramic sweep, capur gives us episodic cheerfulness, undermines the emotional momentum of history.
1 I love the robust middle of this picture.
0 For those of us who are more responsive to storytelling than computer -generated effects, the new Star Wars rate has not escaped from the latest excavated routine.
1 It's a change enough hour and a half for the family audience.
1 fascinating and downright intoxicating.
1 A sharp satire of despair and cinematic deception.
1 I still like moonlight mile, better justice be dead.
1 A window for the scenic beauty of the mountains as well as for the legendary actor Michael Serrault, the film is less successful on other levels.
1 with an expressive face reminiscent of Gong Li, and a vibrant personality like zhang ziyi's, dong sets out of the emotional heart of happiness.
0 Steady oak is, alas, no woody all.
1 George Lucas returns as a visionary with a story full of nuances and character dimension.
0 Putting the primitive killer in a high -tech space station unlocks a Pandora's box with special effects that extend the bandwidth from kitsch to kitsch to kitesist.
0 with the most kitschy monsters on this side of a horror, which they are not, it is more likely to induce sleep than fear.
0 Although Tom Shadyac's film starts scary enough, half the way, he takes a sudden turn into glucose sentimentality and ridiculous intrigues.
1 "Autofocus" works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the Playboy era
0 with jumping wounds, quick editing and many pyrotechnics, yu hopes to hide clearly how bad his film is.
0 One of the depressing movie experiences I can think of is sitting around for about 90 -minute so -called comedy and not even laughing.
1 except it's much better.
1 good entertainment, good action, good acting, good dialogue, good pace, good cinematography.
1 It's a sharp film about otherwise boring topics.
0 It's a crime movie by someone who obviously doesn't know anything about crime.
1 Jason Patric and Ray Liotta make for a wonderful couple.
1 His convincing mix of Trial film, Escape film and unexpected fable makes the film never feel Draggy.
1 clearly written, delicately listed
0 Shyamalan should stop trying to please his mother.
0 Kung Pow is oedekerk's fulfillment of his childhood dream of being in a martial arts film, and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain exactly the same.
0 wimps out by going for that pg -13 rating, so the more graphic violence is mostly off -screen and the sexuality is suppressed.
0 Director and history are unencumbered, errors that need to be placed directly at Taylor's front door.
1 The thesis of the film, elegant technology for the masses, is surprisingly refreshing.
1 It's not a lie. A big fat liar is a real charmer.
1 Heaven is deeply concerned with morality, but refuses to explain things to the viewers.
0 You'll cry for your money.
0 the package in which this fascinating -- and contemporary -- content is wrapped is disappointingly generic.
1 a subtle, humorous, illuminating study on politics, power and social mobility.
1 I love the look of this movie.
0 This little film has been made so sloppy, so primitive in technology that it is not really called an animation.
0 Another stupid movie from the i -heart -a -witz - at -a -frat - party school of the script.
1 It's got its faults, but it's kind of, like, un -pologetic, movie favorite, and Mandy Moore leaves a positive impression.
0 A mysterious mixture of realism and magical realism with a hard -to -swallow premise.
0 The code speakers deserved more than a hollow tribute.
1 for proof that on the film front page no further than this 20 -year -old issue of the film, which Spielberg calls retrospective, his most personal work so far.
1 a slam -bang extravagance that is about a wild and woolly time.
0 What you're expecting is exactly what you're gonna get, assuming the expectations aren't higher than the sixth grade.
1 the campy results make mel brooks''Borscht belt scare look challenging.
0 a conversation so in love with her exaggerated mythology that she no longer recognizes the needs of Moviegoers for real characters and convincing plots.
0 two poorly interconnected stories drowned in all the complexity to be clever.
0 and there is no real raw emotion, which is fatal for a film based on personal relationships.
1 While Parker and co -author Katherine di Napoli Melville's Plotline are loyal, they and a fully committed supporting cast... have driven the characters of the old boy out faster than any English major would have thought possible.
1 the a a of action, xxx is an explosion of adrenaline, evaluates eee for excitement.
0 It's all superficial psychodrama.
1 Comedian, like his themes, delivers the goods and the audience will have a fun, no -frills ride.
1 It was only a matter of time before any smart producer saw the potential success inherent in the mix of Bullock Blaze and Hugh goo.
0 It's practically impossible to like one of these disgusting characters.
1 It is a sweeter, smiling -a -minute drop that lifts your mind a s well a s the corners of your mouth.
1 In this fascinating portrait of a modern lottery, Scott delivers a great performance.
0 Replacing John Carpenter's stylish tracking is humiliating, handheld Blair Witch Video Cam footage.
1 The film delivers what it promises:a look at the ``wild ride'', that uses when brash young men start to sure the online world with laptops, cell phones and sketch business plans.
1 Fortunately, it is easy to follow the real world dichotomy which, with such an irritating determination in Venice, is being pursued by Irb Jaglom -rrb.
0 A fake street drama that tells you things instead of showing them.
0 like showgirls and glitter, the most entertaining moments here are unintentional.
0 The story is predictable, the jokes are typical of Sandler, and the romance with Ryder is enigmatic.
1 Mark Pellington's last pop thriller is just as crazy and overzealous as creepy and subtle in love with myth.
0 No amount of burning, blowing, stabbing and shooting can hide a weak script.
1 Prepare to marvel again.
0 The family reunification is based on family rivalry and ambition in the workplace. Whole parties have no explanation or no plot relevance.
0 stiff and melty and clumsy.
1 disturbing and powerful.
0 Cassavetes thinks he's having a dog afternoon with one thing, but all he does is reduce everything he touches to a shrill, didactic cartoon.
0 "Libelle" lives on the cross mumbo jumbo, manipulative sentimentality and juicy dialogue.
1 a really moving and clever unsentimental drama.
1 Amy and Matthew have a bit of a bad relationship, but the movie still works.
1 Maybe it's a formula film, but there's nothing wrong with having a good movie and having it here.
1 nohe's documentary about the event is t sympathetic without being gullible: it is not blind to stupidity, but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic cooperative interaction.
0 Rock's stand -up magic is fading.
1 a delightful, if less, pastry of a movie.
1 a sexy, surprising romance...idemoto and kim make a great couple...their scenes full of sexual possibilities and emotional danger.
1 There are not too many movies that can be as funny, offbeat and heartwarming'-lrb'-without a thick Shwear of the Glibbes', at least ``rrb'', but ```s elling''manages to make all three quite good, which makes it one of the most beautiful publications of the year.
0 plays like a cheesy TV production from a past time
1 as a romantic comedy with girls and girls kissing Jessica steinis quiky, charming and often hilarious.
0 It's like a drive -by.
1 It's sweet.
0 One of the worst movies of the year.
1 Like Brosnan's achievement, Evelyn comes from the heart.
1 Although the film is well meant, you could rent the original and get the same love story and parable.
1 Irb - woo's -rrb - the resonant film since the killer.
0 It is rare that a film can be as intelligent as this in every respect except its storyline; all that is good is ultimately crushed by a plot that is simply too boring and obvious.
0 This false identity is so cinematically and culturally significant that the end product is a ghost.
1 strange and beautiful film.
0 The hysterical museum still eludes Madonna, and she plays a charmless witch, she's just a charmless witch.
0 The result, however well meant, is ironically just a kind of throw -away homage, which shows why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in Hollywood today.
0 The catch is that they're stuck with a script that prevents them from shooting at all the cylinders.
0 One of those, like, movies that could be so much better.
0 has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of the general hospital.
0 as original and informative as last week's episode of Behind the Music.
1 Wonderfully entertaining and delicate happy documentary film.
0 ...This story gets more ridiculous, not scarier as it goes on.
0 ...Most viewers would wish there were more of the ```queen''and less of the ````````damned''
1 reveals how important our special talents can be when placed at the service of others.
1 as a vehicle to enjoy Binoche's skill, the film is very rewarding.
1 What keeps this deeply influential film from being just a collection of screws is the Corcuera's attention to detail.
1 in his feature film debut created a brilliant film image.
1 It has a way of getting into your consciousness, with long -winded questions about what the film really accomplishes.
1 The charms of lead performances make us forget most of the problems of the film.
1 The pleasure of reading my lips is like a series of perfect black pearls click together to form a string.
0 Insomnia loses points when it results in a formal bang -bang -bang, shoot -em -up scene at the end.
0 This would be "James Bond for the Extreme Generation"'pic is one big,doom action movie.
0 When it comes to the battle of Hollywood against Woo, it looks like Woo is a P.O.W.
0 Evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story, but the filmmakers have done everything to disguise it as an invention of the unimaginable screenwriter.
0 Characterization was sacrificed for the play.
1 It turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at first.
0 is far less charming than listening to a four -year -old looking for exaggerations to tell his Halloween trip to the haunted house.
1 an example of quiet, confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet, charming story of intergalactic friendship.
0 cheap, vulgar dialogue and an action that creeps along at a snail's pace.
0 I did it.
0 Something has been lost in the translation... another routine Hollywood horror fest in which the sluggish version courses the absurdity of the premise.
1 tense, great, sweaty palmed fun.
0 Despite some charm and heart, this bizarre football import has been forgotten
1 Cuaron repeats, the joy of life curbs even when he creates it by giving the film a sad undertow that puts the pastime in a welcome perspective.
1 for all its brooding quality, the ash wedge is exciting and ultimately unpredictable with a solid ensemble.
1 the sexy Razzle blend that everyone, especially film music fans, hoped for.
0 That the true story, from which all the Queen's men are supposedly inspired, was much funnier and bolder than what was splattered on the screen.
0 You could hate it for the same reason.
1 A story about intelligent high school students who deal with first love sweetly but also seriously.
1 waystowntown may not be an important movie, or even a good one, but it does offer a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot Oscar season currently underway.
1 "Weakness" begins as a typical story of the biblical killer, but it turns out to be significantly different -lrb - and better -rrb - than most films with this theme.
1 Thanks to the ch226teau's balance of whimsical, narrative discipline and serious improvisation, almost every relationship and personality in the film brings surprises.
0 Gaghan captures the half -illuminated, sometimes creepy intimacy of the dorms, a delicacy that makes the silly, over -top coda particularly disappointing.
0 Julie Davis is the Kathie Lee Gifford of film directors, who unfortunately proves once again that ego does not always go hand in hand with talent.
1 In the gracious maid in Manhattan, Jennifer Lopez's most aggressive and sincere attempt to take movies through storm, Diva is sharply surrounded by a company of strict a -list players.
1 Elegantly produced and expressed, the six musical numbers crystallize the decisive action moments into meticulously detailed wonders of the dreamy ecstasy.
1 This excursion into the epicentre of the pervading mental instability is not easily rejected or forgotten.
0 Solondz may be convinced he has something important to say, but he's not talking to me.
0 a nice shot, but dull and ankle deep ``epic.''
0 obsolete, futile scenario.
1 A film in a class with Spike Lee's championship do the right thing.
0 In addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history, ballistic: e.g. vs. sever also shows terrible, banal dialogue; comfortable, loose -horseback plots; superficial characters and a rather boring `uniimaginative 'chase.
0 full of the kind of disgusting talk that only self -confident neurotics in.
0 A simpler, slimmer treatment would have been better; after all, it is sometimes more fun when it comes to something.
1 an attractive impulse for the optic nerves, so much so that it'is forgivable that the action feels like any other story of a totalitarian tomorrow.
0 Nothing but an episode of Smackdown!
1 For all the charm of Kevin Kline and a story that puts old -fashioned values under the microscope, there's something scary about this movie.
0 Kirshner and Monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can make the other one bad.
0 The only reason you should see this movie is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow up.
0 It is presumptuous in a way that is amateurish.
0 A planting tea remake that is so mechanical that you can smell the fat on the parcels of Twists.
0 It's thread.
1 ...a delightfully unpredictable, funny comedy with wonderful performances that rips your heart out in a way that goes completely beyond gender descriptions.
1 What's so conspicuous about Jolie's performance that she never lets her character become a caricature... Not even with that radioactive hair.
0 In my humble opinion, the praise of love lacks even the most fragmented charm I have found in almost all of his earlier works.
1 I've never bought from telemarketers before, but I bought this movie.
1 beautifully interwoven and reminiscent of the sixties: milestones of the lonely boy not to look back.
1 Terrible little propaganda film with fascinating connections not only to the Serbs themselves, but also to a network of American right -wing extremists.
1 a sunny masterpiece, partly salon game, partly psychological case study, partly social satire droll.
0 a thriller without thriller and a mystery without urgent questions.
1 Ten minutes in the movie you are with white ankles and cannot look away.
1 a pleasant, above average summer diversion.
0 See this film what we feel is not primarily tension or excitement.
1 It won't be everyone's bag of popcorn, but it'll definitely give you something to chew on.
0 Violent, vulgar and utterly entertaining.
0 Like many such biographical melodramas, she suffers from the clumsiness that results from clinging to the clutter of true stories.
0 The screenplay by Billy Ray and Terry George leaves something to be desired.
1 Sometimes charming, sometimes annoying, this Argentinean drama mainly succeeds on the shoulders of its actors.
1 "13"Talks about a Thing "is an intelligent film that explores many different ideas from happiness to guilt in a fascinating part of storytelling.
1 Treat a No -Hold -Hold -Hold Cinematic.
0 Sudden collection of idiotic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year.
1 All in all, the path to damnation is more in alienation than in excellence.
0 With all the sympathy, empathy and compassion the canvas imposes...His secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiring love triangle.
0 Like a fish that has lived too long, Austin Powers in Goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is somehow wrong in places.
1 Adaptation's success in involving the audience in the effort to create a script is extraordinary.
1 Canadian filmmaker Gary burns imaginatively and humorously the soulless work in the city.
1 In the end ```````mib ii''succeeds because of its fast delivery of fire and the Levity inspired enough that it cannot be dismissed as brainless.
1 like the original, this version will add a few notches about children's fantasy pablom of all's astringent.
0 tries so hard to be weird and funny that the strain is all too obvious.
0 The self -centered balance makes its point too good; a film, like life, is not much fun without the ups and downs.
1 a family film that contains a huge thematic material on time, death, eternity and what is needed to lead a rich and fulfilled life.
1 A compelling profile of the prosecution, and a visceral, evil journey into a city.
1 Not a great movie at all, but it's refreshingly open.
1 Reward.
1 often hilarious.
1 The film has a gentle, casual intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic.
1 I like all four of the lead actors a lot and they managed to squeeze a few laughs out of the material, but they're trepping water at best in this forgettable effort.
0 the adventure does not contain half the excitement of Balto or spoil the fun of toy history 2.
1 a very charming and funny film.
1 Nair's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place, while Thurman and Lewis give what can easily be considered career -best achievements.
0 ...The touching way his story unfolds suggests that a director fights against the urge to make his material sensational.
0 Careful with the weird brit -com.
1 A feeling of real magic, maybe.
0 In theory, a middle -aged romance that pairs Clayburgh and Tambor sounds promising, but in practice, it's something else entirely. Clowning and insulting and nothing like real life.
1 a tour de force of modern cinema.
1 able to give insights into a fascinating part of theatrical history.
0 It still feels like a prison stretch.
1 Adam, with four writers, takes care of the characters that are so believable that you feel what they feel.
1 He makes you realize that deep in justice, hard beauty can be found.
1 This is historic filmmaking without the balm of right -wing ideology, liberal or conservative.
0 The direction, by George Hikenlooper, has no seizure, no white cracker or hardened cynicism.
1 -lrb - a -rrb - cleverer and much funnier version of the old police academy movies.
0 Their fans went out and muttered words like ``terrible''and ``terrible,'' but had so much fun dissecting the film that they ignored the ticket price.
0 a supernatural secret that doesn't know if it wants to be an exciting horror movie or a whiny melodrama.
1 a flawless study in perversion.
1 What distinguishes it is the vision that taymor, the avant -garde director of Broadway's Lion King and the movie Titus, brings.
1 offers the lightning of rock videos fused with solid performances and creepy atmosphere.
0 But the film itself is ultimately quite unimportant.
0 a sleep -inducing slow crime drama with blunt dialogues, heavy -handed appearances and an overly familiar set of plotting devices.
0 a terrible movie that will only satisfy the emotionally deformed filmmakers.
0 I guess it shows that if you give an unlimited amount of fake blood to a filmmaker, nothing good can happen.
0 The time of grace could have given the audience the time of day by focusing on the elements of a revealing alienation under a culture of people who, unfortunately, are hostile to each other through lightness and retaliation.
0 a waste of the fearless purity in the acting craft.
1 Twenty years after his first release, he remains the most wonderful of all Hollywood fantasies and the highlight of Steven Spielberg's misunderstood career.
0 suffers from non -sympathetic characters and a self -confident feeling of his own twisted hippness.
0 talky, artificial and opaque...an interesting technical exercise, but a boring picture.
0 with little humor, unnecessary violence and disturbing disregard for life.
0 The great pity is that the culprits have not reduced their losses and ours and they are reshaping the adventures from direct to video wet and sending them to their real home.
0 under the eerie, unavoidable and seemingly sharp facade of the film -Biz -Farce... lies an action that is composed of largely flat and non -reactive moments.
0 more tired than anything.
0 This Indian film never found its audience, probably because it is very difficult to connect with one of the characters.
0 The interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetics seem to be a prostitute.
1 a witty, kind -hearted movie.
1 Mill room is strange and convincing, captivating and different, a moral story with a twisted sense of humor.
0 If you're looking for a story, don't bother.
0 Fire rule never comes close to recovering from its insane premise, but it maintains a pleasing level of ridicule.
1 If you ever wondered what it would be like to be armed with nothing but a camera in the middle of a war zone, this Oscar -nominated documentary would take you there.
0 The hospital is at best a sick entertainment and at worst a mentally ill film pollution.
0 The film is like Scorsese's mean streets by someone who ignores it in favor of the old ``juvenile offenders''letterhead with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot.
1 like the cool breath of oral storytelling froze on film.
1 captivates, as it shows surplus in business and pleasure, which allows us to find the small, human moments, and leaves with a big whimper.
1 Gay or straight, kissing Jessica Stone is one of the best dating movies in years.
1 He pulls it back with one hand.
1 Translating complex characters of novels onto the big screen is an impossible task, but they are the essence of being faithful to what it is ya -ya.
0 There's nothing funny about every joke told a thousand times before the movie.
1 a thoughtful and surprising portrait of a twisted man who dared to confront some powerful people, seen through the eyes of the idealistic child who defends his ultimately lost cause.
1 Reggio and Glass are doing a stunning show.
1 a rare and slightly entertaining look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people who laugh in the crowd.
1 Be ready to cling to the edge of your seat, tense with tension.
0 The mantra behind the project seems ``it was just a children's film''.
1 both heartbreaking and heartwarming. Just a simple fable made in an artificial sytle, but it is incredibly moving.
1 The series' message about the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives remains prominent, as do the girls' entertaining personalities.
0 The act of Santa clause 2's may so und as if it were written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the zinc industry.
1 It's surprisingly decent, especially for a tenth installment in a series.
0 Loyal to its animating roots:...as stiff, heavy -duty and charming as a mechanical apparatus."the land wears"should never be taken out of hibernation.
0 The piano teacher is not an easy film.
0 degenerates into nonsense.
0 Absurdities and clicks233's accumulate like foot in a fat man's navel.
0 Those who are unfamiliar with the author's work, on the other hand, can quickly fall asleep.
1 Sex with strangers is fascinating.
0 Unlike Trey Parker, Sandler does not understand that the idea of using harassment for laughter is funny not to use it yourself.
1 Byler is too smart as a filmmaker to turn this into a typical romantic triangle.
0 Green ruins every single scene in which he is, and the film, although not completely crooked, becomes serious through this.
1 A small film with great pleasure from the Portuguese manor house of Oliviera...
0 Stealing Harvard can't even do that much.
1 leguizamo and jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is equally excellent.
0 If you like the predictability of mild comfort food, then the film is a pleasant dish.
0 History suffers from a severe case of over -implification, superficiality and stupidity.
0 a technical triumph and an exceptional drilling.
0 The characters... are paper thin, and their personalities experience radical changes when they fit the script.
1 neither a comedy nor a romance, more a decorative variety of topics that interest us, they live together, the film has a lot of charm.
1 probably have decades of life as a classic movie franchise?
0 What they see in themselves is also hard to understand.
1 This is a fascinating film, because there is no clear hero and no villain.
1 another trumpet that there is a new Mexican cinema a -bornin
0 What could easily have been dismissed as the tiresome talk of an aging filmmaker, who is still pushing his nose at the convention, takes a surprising, subtle turn in the middle.
1 extends the boundaries of what can be a film by taking us into the lives of women, whom we might not give a second glance if we passed them on the street.
0 not far enough in his humor or stock ideas to be particularly memorable or even all that funny.
1 Despite the film's shortcomings, the stories move quietly.
1 from blushing to spraying --imamura sprays the screen in ``hot water under a red bridge '
1 Enjoy your senses and destroy this wedding!
1 The best thing I can say about this movie is that I can't wait to see what the director does next.
1 ...Wallace is wise to vary the pitch of his film by balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women at home receiving telegrams from the War Department.
1 a real pleasure.
0 as pleasant as searching for a quarter in a huge pile of elephant spots. Absolutely terrible.
1 There is little doubt that Kidman has become one of our best actors.
0 As a result, there are a lot of blood splashes, mass -induced bowel vacations and not -too -funny comments on the cultural differences between Americans and British.
1 a pleasant experience.
1 And they are successful in their noble endeavours.
0 very much a home video, and so free of art and purpose that it seems to have not been edited at all.
0 No, that's too busy, too.
0 The whole movie needs a fragrant bath.
0 I watched with my little eye a mediocre collection of cookie cutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits
1 The hours, a delicate film, are in spite of a river of sadness that flows into every frame.
0 Are we dealing with dreams, visions, or are we being told what actually happened, as if it were the third end of the clue?
0 This movie is so bad, it's almost worth seeing because it's so bad.
0 no better or worse than ``Truth or Consequences'', n.m. or any other exchangeable actionary with moronic Mafia tool bags that pack a routine statement in a western backwater.
0 This film proves that you are wrong on both counts.
1 a lot of it is funny, but there are also some amazing surreal moments.
0 Those who are only slightly curious, I fear, are stunned or confused by the artistic and often pointless images.
1 Its captivating simplicity is driven by attractive leads.
0 Apart from theological things, the film is so hopelessly sentimental and senseless that it lets you speak in tongues.
1 This 90 -minute postmodern journey was more varied and thoughtful than I expected.
0 Ignore it, he's a bather anyway.
0 We never really care about the main characters and whether they end up together or not, and Michele's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to get interest.
0 Like Schindler's list, the gray area tries to be generous, but ends only in a cruel way.
1 a touching drama about age and grief with a tour de force performance by michel piccoli.
0 Video games are more involved than this chaos.
0 An obvious copy of one of the best movies ever made, how can it not be?
0 The plan to make enough into an inspiring story of survival, wrapped in the heartbeat of a stylish psychological thriller, is as sure as a souffl233 has fallen.
1 Dog soldiers don't transcend the genre... It hugs it, energizes it, and takes out big bloody buds from it.
1 The third time is the charm.
1 weight and loading, but each bit as filling as the treatment of the title.
1 makes the case more valuable for a strong education and good teachers, in the way they help to increase the self -esteem of an average student, and not strictly in the knowledge imparted.
1 A deceptive and provocative sexual conversation that has something to say.
1 What's not to like about a movie with a'children's song that includes the line ''my stepfather'is not mean, he just adjusts it'?
0 Unlike the manifesto, the movie is really, really stupid.
0 suffers from an excessive familiarity, as heat -hungry British filmmakers have been relentlessly stripping the Monty formula since 1997.
1 Finally, he reaches his heart as simple self -reflection meditation.
1 In a summer of movies dominated by cgi aliens and superheroes, it revives the mind to see a feature that focuses on people, a project in which the script and the characters have influence.
0 for most movies is 84 minutes short, but this feels like a lifelong sentence.
1 What begins as a conventional thriller develops into a wonderful atmospheric meditation on life -changing random encounters.
1 It's rare for a film to be as subtle and touching as the son's room.
1 not as well written as sexy beast, not as gloriously lightweight as castle, warehouse and two smoking barrels, but stylish and moody and exceptionally well acted.
1 The realization of a nearby America by Spielberg is masterful.
1 In the middle of the action, the screenplay arnold -lrb and the viewer -rrb carries into the forbidden zone of sympathy with terrorist motivations by depicting the "other side of history".
1 However bloody the scenes of torture and self -mutilation may be, they are directed against shimmering cinemas that give the scenery the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting.
1 Jones has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama.
0 -lrb - h -rrb - a d I suffered and bled on the hard floor of i a drang, I'd want something a little more complex than we were soldiers to be memory by.
1 It's kind of in between, and it works.
1 He's the worst guy you're gonna see all summer.
0 Unfunny comedy with many static setups, not much camera movement, and most scenes take place inside in formal settings with motionless characters.
0 a film in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance that one cannot wait to see the end.
1 a cultural Wildcard experience: crazy, different, unusual, even nutty.
0 medium fable of burkina faso.
1 a Hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look.
0 worst movie of the year.
1 a funny, triumphant and moving documentary.
1 For most of the film, it's pretty good.
1 It's about problems that most adults have to deal with in marriage, and I think that's what I liked about it -- hiding the real problems between the silly and crude storyline.
1 There is a spontaneity of the castle, a feeling of light time that makes it attractive everywhere.
1 In fact, it's pretty funny in places.
0 It is an unbearable lazy perch over well -ground ground.
0 Manipulative claptrap, a time movie of the week. Make your choice.
0 Not that any of us should complain when a movie is playing in about 90 minutes these days, but the drawing here leaves a lot to be desired.
0 There's shit on the line... Way too polite to climb the crazy heights of Joe Dante's similarly shaped Gremlins.
1 Hollywood people aren't funny to stop the show, but they're funny funny nonetheless.
1 It's an exciting place to visit, this laboratory of laughter.
1 really disturbing.
1 enriched by a strong and non -coercive supporting crew.
0 without any redemption value.
1 an intoxicating experience.
1 rock -solid family fun from the gates, extremely resourceful through, but fades in the middle
0 reduce the overall effect.
1 which is the best performance of either in the years.
1 Satire s1m0ne is not subtle but effective.
0 An already thin history leads to the survival of intruders looking for an existing anti -virus.
1 a combination of child entertainment, sophisticated joke and symbolic graphic design.
0 A story about a Catholic boy who wants to help a Jewish friend get to heaven by sending the audience straight to hell.
0 A film that should be referred to a dark video store somehow makes its way to the theatre.
1 intentionally and skillfully uses ambiguity to suggest possibilities that move the subject with additional depth and resonance.
1 and more than that, it is an observant, obscure poetic meditation on identity and alienation.
1 uses -lrb -headbanger -rrb -stereotypes in good fun while adding a little heart and disturbing theme.
0 Resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad Blair Witch project.
0 Fluid and device.
1 In its treatment of the dehumanizing and self -destructive process of unemployment, the break offers an investigation that is more accurate than anything I have seen in an American film.
0 strange and strange.
1 the beauty of alexander payne's ode to the everyman is in the details.
0 No matter how much he wanders around and acts like a fool, accepting a 50 -year -old in the role is creepy in a Michael Jackson kind of way.
1 "meyjes" provocative film could be described as an example of the random development of evil.
0 Can I admit that xxx is as deep as a petri dish and well characterized as a phone book, but still say it was a guilty pleasure?
1 a very rewarding experience that is every bit as illuminating, enlightening and entertaining as Grant's two best films... Four weddings and a funeral and Bridget Jones' diary.
0 Interview with the assassin is less structured than documentary film and more than found relic, and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its Blair Witch project in real time roots.
0 It's easy to think about the strange American style of justice that's going on here, but it's so confusing and derivative that only a few people will bother to go through it all.
0 It seems to have been modeled on the worst revenge of the nerds ClichCommit233who could dig up the filmmakers.
0 Fire rule has the disadvantage of looking cheap, too.
1 To call this a cult classic would be an understatement, and woe to the horror fan who chooses to overlook this silly adorable and delightful Gorefest.
1 an outstanding and thoughtful film, characterized by sharp writing and a variety of great performances.
0 Grant is not Cary and Bullock is not Katherine.
0 A terrible adaptation of a theatre that always walked the delicate rope between Farcical and abomination.
0 Not just unpleasant.
1 a fresh, hearty and often fun ride with the thrill for the children, with enough eye foam and cheek to keep the parents away from the concession stand
0 Priggish, Latvian paired parable of renewal.
0 disgusting.
0 Perfectly inhuman and, unfortunately, unromantic.
1 Movies about loss, grief and recovery are very valuable nowadays.
1 It's a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep us interested.
0 As if dropping dead is not enough, this equally ridiculous fool is fixated on the spectacle of the small town competition.
1 But believe it or not, it's one of the most beautiful evocative works I've ever seen.
1 Real women have curves that carry their authority on their sleeves, but even their worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable achievements by Ferrera and Ontiveros.
1 The plot of the film may be shallow, but you've never seen the depth as you see it in these shocking surf shots.
1 The two Leads, almost perfectly in their roles, bring a heart and a reality to animate the film, and sometimes they elevate it to a superior crime film.
1 The group articulates a flood of emotions, which dominates the great arithmetic of cameras and souls.
1 ...a great'participative spectator '
0 ...really awful shit.
1 Wang Xiaoshuai leads this complex and well thought out drama, which offers a fascinating view of urban life and the class struggle, which includes two young men.
0 The problem is that the film has no idea that it is serious or not.
1 a must for fans of British cinema, if only because so many Titans of the industry are on their way.
0 But it is difficult to imagine a more general effort in the genre.
1 What's worth looking at is Quaid's performance.
0 Snoots will no doubt engage in their cause by radiating three -handed standby like masterpiece and triumph and all the chatter, but rarely does an established filmmaker waste time so passionately with a gobbler like this.
0 ...obsolete and uninspired.
1 Hey, happy!
1 Perfect between comedy and tragedy, hope and despair, over schmidt, it comes much closer than many films to express the way many of us live, somewhere between consuming self -absorption and stubborn demand for otherness.
1 It confirms life as it looks in the face of death.
0 It's the humanizing stuff that'll probably sink the movie for anyone who doesn't spend all day thinking about percentages.
0 If the whole month was a first lucky case, then the lucky case is the case -lrb - cattaneo -rrb - second class.
0 seldom does a film as merciless and without merit as it comes.
1 This comic is as delightful as it is derivative.
0 With all his brilliant touches, the dragon loses its fire halfway, almost flapping through its fleeting end.
1 No, I love it. Shit, I don't know.
0 blunt, a road trip movie that is surprisingly short of both adventure and song.
0 Baran is shocking without your typical Mayan shoe -lovers, crippled children.
1 khouri manages with great flair to keep the extremes of the screwball farce and bleeding family intensity on a continuum.
0 As the film drew, I thought I heard a mysterious voice and felt powerfully drawn to the light, the light of the exit sign.
0 This is his first sign of trouble.
1 The movie is brilliant fun.
0 Yes, that would be me fighting the urge to sleep.
0 a visually conspicuous but narrative opaque and emotionally dull exercise in style and mystification.
1 Until he goes off the rails in his last ten or fifteen minutes, wendigo, Larry's creepy new thriller, is a refreshingly clever and new variation on several topics derived from far less sophisticated and well -known horror films.
1 You leave the good girl with mixed feelings... Justine's disapproval combined with a hint of understanding for her actions.
0 Hardcore slasher lovers find things they like, but overall the Halloween series has lost its edge.
1 It's the perfect starship vehicle for Grant, so he's finally moving away from his usual lame, tongue -tied screen figure.
1 It grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration.
0 makes the same mistake as the music industry that criticizes it, gets so smooth and watered it almost loses, what makes you love it at all.
0 boring Norwegian offer that somehow missed an Oscar nomination.
1 the action turns out I'm trying to break your heart an attraction it urgently needed.
0 breen's script is sketch with actorish notations on the margin of acting.
0 The film can depress you about life itself.
1 The slam -bang superheroes are kinetic enough to excite even the most annoying young people.
0 then you will receive another call warning you that if the video is not back in Blockbuster before midnight, you will pay horribly late fees.
1 to compensate his cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than for his logical loopholes that fly by so quickly, there's no time to think about them anyway.
1 something for everyone.
0 The story is, forgive me, a little thin, and the filmmaker is clumsy and rushed.
1 Graphic sex may be what attracts the public to infidelity, but captivating performances by Lane and Gere are what will keep them awake.
0 feels shrill, simple and soapy.
1 The bloody Sunday has the grace to demand prevention and not to blame, which has made it one of the best war films ever.
0 It sucked.
1 will give many ministers and Bible study groups hours of material to discuss.
0 a light, captivating comedy that throws away almost all of his accumulated joy with a decisive third act miscalculation.
0 a so -so, made -for -tv posing something as a real movie.
1 Whatever heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers expected with their mini DVD, they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car wreck.
1 Skins has a gloomy air, but eyre, a native American raised by white parents, manages to influence the rocky road to brotherhood reconciliation with lightning of warmth and gentle humor.
0 a triple extension of the former MTV series, which the stunned hungry Dimwits in a random series of collected gags, strikes, Pratfalls, courage, injuries, etc. Accompanied.
0 a confusing fantasy comedy that has not found a coherent game plan for scripting, shooting or post -production stages.
1 The film shines brilliantly on all characters as the direction is intelligently executed.
0 You can hardly see that thing.
1 There's a beautiful, painful sadness for everything.
0 This is the kind of movie where people who never crack a lock do so simply after a few tries and after a few weeks become experts.
1 good -looking and demanding approach to romantic comedy at work.
0 Schaefer's... Destination to inject a farcical void... drowns the promise of a romantic angle.
1 "To steal Huppert's show and she makes a meal of Channeling Kathy Baker's creepy turn as the repressed mother in Boston public as much as 8 -women's August.
0 But why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a riddle.
0 can cause you to bite your tongue to avoid laughing at the ridiculous dialogue or the oh -so convenient plot twists.
1 Terry is a kind of geriatric, dirty Harry who will satisfy the faithful fans of Eastwood and correspond to the story where our hero has to ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man.
0 Costner's warm -milk personality is just as unsuitable as Shadyac's performing directing chopsticks, and some of the rather silly dialogues would sink Laurence Olivier.
1 The movie is brilliant, really.
1 Strange, to be sure, but one that might end up reminding you of a degree of affection instead of disgust.
0 The picture seems to be uncertain whether it wants to be a sour little general, all about Eve or a lavish melodrama in the Intermezzo tribe.
1 Here's the truth.
1 Kids who fall in love with this thorn -crunching stuff are probably gonna be in Wedding Heaven.
0 It's easy to love Robin Tunney, she's pretty and she can act, but it's getting harder and harder to understand her choices.
0 It's just not very intelligent.
0 Significant and confusing.
0 There are simply too many characters who say too many clever things and end up in too many pointless situations.
1 the film feels uncomfortable real, its language and places with the unmistakable stamp of authority.
0 I'm sure the filmmaker would disagree, but frankly, I don't understand the point.
0 without -lrb - de niro -rrb -, city by the sea would slide under the waves.
1 great over -the -top movieking if you're in a slap -happy mood.
0 The direction and visual style of Mr. Soderbergh have impressed me as unusual and seemingly pingly and presumptuously.
1 If we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness, we also need films such as the Tim mccann revolution number nine.
1 It's like the ultimate Scorsese movie, with all the stomach -gymnastics, colorful New York gang traditions and other trademarks of his personal cinema, painted on their largest historical screen.
0 Too slow for a younger crowd, too flat for an older one.
0 Instead of building a laughing uprising, we are back with a handful of different, fun moments with no real consequences.
0 just another general drama that has nothing but its exploitative series of obligatory cheap thrills.
1 William creates a breathtaking, taxi driver -type portrayal of a man who swings at the edge of reason.
0 Demme gets a lot of flavor and spice in his character remake, but he can't hide that he has the leftovers that are not so substantial or fresh
0 But if you're not an absolute Star Wars junkie, it's not much fun.
1 Promises are a movie that really deserves its Oscar nomination.
1 As impossible as it may sound, the heart of this film is even more comprehensive than Monty, if only because it accepts bad behavior and serious mistakes as part of the human condition.
1 It is the brilliant surf photography that takes you directly into the massive waves that elevates the blue swarm into one of the most pleasant films of the summer.
1 a powerful, inflammatory film about religion, which dares to question an old faith, and about hate, which does not offer a simple, comfortable resolution.
1 has fed his metaphors at the expense of his story, but he shows an original talent.
0 To address honestly the shortcomings in providing medical assistance to American workers, we need a more balanced or fairer representation of both sides.
0 But halfway through, after sucking the Immortal Action Flick formula, Blade II mutates into a coarse monster movie with effects that are more ridiculous than scary.
1 The otherwise benevolent nature of Mr. Tate, with his embrace of sheer stupidity and Cameos of less than likely New York celebrities... surely elevates the film above anything Sandler's appended.
1 All pieces fall together without great surprise, but small moments give him a boost.
0 To get to the basic psychology of this film, many sessions are needed on Dr. Freud's couch.
1 a remarkable film by Bernard Rose.
0 excessively long and adoring bio -doc.
1 It's the hot Cinderella story that wanted to be "pretty woman."
1 a delicious, quirky movie with a great script and fantastic directed by Michael gondry.
0 It seems to have been made by people whose idea of narrative logic or cohesion is a completely foreign concept.
1 A tone of unforgiving compassion... echoes in this film, whose significance and effect is unfortunately enhanced by current events.
0 A mechanical action comedy whose apparent purpose is to market the charismatic Jackie Chan even younger audience.
0 It's desperate to be a crazy, twisted comedy, but the crazy thing here is how many talented people were convinced to waste their time.
1 Grant as well as keeps wearing the film because they are credible as humans, flawed, insured by the wrong things, and afraid to admit how much they really need the company of others.
1 I liked the movie, but I know I would have liked it better if it had gone one step further.
1 Beautiful, a tea movie with a humanist message.
0 The threat referred to in the title pok233; mon 4ever is frightening, like locusts in a horde, these things will continue.
0 flashy gadgets and swirling battle sequences may look cool, but they cannot distract from the faulty support structure that maintains the balance.
0 Mr. Wollter and Ms. Seldhal perform strong and convincing performances, but neither does it reach the deepest depths of character to discover the terrifying nature of passion, grief and fear.
1 A moving history of determination and the human spirit.
1 There's greatness here.
1 lovely and amazing is holofcener's deep, compromising curtsy to women she know, and very probably is.
1 I really liked that movie.
1 shows the extraordinary power of thoughtful, subjective filmmaking.
0 Although the sequel contains all the outer elements of the original, the lovely flakinesis of the first film has disappeared, replaced by the forced senselessness found in the most boring children's films.
0 But they lack the energy of their idol and the passion for details.
1 a better script than "memento"
1 Those with some patience will be in these signs''defeats a timeless and unique perspective.
1 at this point, the film certainly does not disappoint.
0 The film's vision of a white American eagerly spreads a puritanical brand of Christianity to South Sea Insulaner is one only a true believer could enjoy.
1 it asks nothing from the audience to put aside and enjoy some great actors who put it up.
1 You can almost see how Mendes and the company met before a single frame was shot and swore collectively, "this will be a really good thing."
0 a negligible British comedy.
1 great joy for sports lovers as well as for ordinary bullies whose idea of movement is to climb the steps of a stadium square.
1 Beautifully designed and coolly disturbing... restores the atmosphere of crime professionally.
1 is a time study that carries its philosophical burden lightly.
1 There have been a number of Ensemble -Cast novels recently. But Peter Mattei's love in the time of money is distinguished by the fact that it forms a chain of relationships that form a full circle to end on a positive, if tragic, rrb note.
1 Children and adults fall in love with all things poker where they are not disappointed.
0 You're gonna wish you and her were in another movie.
0 something more than a stylish exercise in revisionism, the point of which... is undoubtedly true, but serves as a rather thin morality for such a knowing fable.
1 As Edward Norton in American history x, Ryan Gosling -lrb - murder by numbers -rrb - provides a magnetic performance.
0 Despite the top print, it is a bargaining chip -European pickup truck.
0 When you've reached the final, you'll probably wonder why you've been watching all these strutting and posing.
0 a predictable, manipulative stinker.
0 ...After September 11, ``the sum of all fears''seems more pathetic and reprehensible to manipulate our collective fear without giving the subject the intelligence or honesty that he clearly deserves.
1 a solid psychological action film by Hong Kong.
0 a review of material that has already been thoroughly fucked by Martin Scorsese.
1 It is a perfect demonstration of respect for only one of the undervalued professionals who deserve it but rarely get it.
0 A bad movie that happened to good actors.
0 plays like John le carrSpecial233; with some burnt out cylinders.
0 ...a rather dull matter.
1 Spielberg succeeded in marrying science fiction with film noir and action flicks with a philosophical study.
1 According to the standards of the morons will the hot bride is quite funny.
0 Although they're into other things, it seems that the boys are rarely interested in ripping out a Roson d'Etre that looks a s fresh a s their young rifles.
1 As an action adventure, this space -based homage to Robert Louis Stevenson's Treasure Island fires on all plasma channels.
1 It's funny.
0 What a shame.
0 I hate the feeling of being linked on behalf of High Art.
0 What makes Esther Kahn so demanding is that she is making progress in such a small way that she risks monotony.
1 The old saying that women are unrecognizable receives an exciting new interpretation in morvern callar.
1 Without resorting to camp or parody, haynes -lrb - like Sirk, but otherwise -rrb - has turned the rhetoric of the Hollywood melodrama into something provocative, rich, and strange.
1 a very happy, heartfelt comedy.
0 This is a film made especially for those who, when they were in high school, would choose the cliff notes before reading a year -long classic.
0 Jacobi, the most flowing of the actors, is given relatively dry material from Nijinsky's writings to perform, and the visuals, also erotically free -spirited, become boring repetitive.
0 It just didn't mean much to me and played too weird to ever be entertained by a n -lrb or -rrb.
1 Although the inadequacies of parents and the indifference of Spanish social workers and the legal system to child abuse are largely substantiated by serious accusations, the film remains tainted with uncertainties that are worth looking at.
0 Sweet home alabama will certainly not be remembered as one of -lrb -welryspon's -rrb - better movies.
0 The movie's all over the place, really.
0 has all the values of a straight -to -video movie, but because it has a bigger name -actor, it gets a complete theatrical release.
0 ...This is not even a film that we can enjoy as mild escapism; it is a film in which fear and frustration are provoked to unbearable levels.
0 don't even bother to rent this on video.
0 if only traders pay more attention to history.
1 It is a glorious spectacle, like this one Griffith in the early days of silent film.
0 The colourful masseur spends his time on mood instead of the inherent absurdity of Ganesh's rise to the social ladder.
0 -lrb -a -rrb - painfully flat, coarse comedy...
1 rich in entertainment and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings.
0 Shunji iwai is all about Lily Chou Chou is a beautiful film, but ultimately a flawed film about growing up in Japan.
0 It's not the first time that director Sara Sugarman has tended to let characters make her pants laugh and not the last time she doesn't provoke her.
1 Maybe not a classic, but a movie the kids want to see over and over again.
1 Very entertaining from beginning to end, with a fall of grace t hat still leaves shockwaves, it is anyone who ever suspected t hat Hollywood was overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels.
0 Franco is an excellent choice for the walled but flammable striker, but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and history logic.
1 Although the film fails to cover all its tracks, it is still entertaining to observe the target practice.
1 Fans of the modern Hong Kong action movie finally have the worthy successor of a better tomorrow and the killer they have waited patiently for.
0 It's not an easy movie.
0 A gruesome string of demonic acts on the high seas that works better the less busy the brain is.
0 I think his name was Michael Zaidan, who should have written the script or something, but the only thing I've ever seen written down were the zeros on my paycheck.
1 It challenges this annoying oddity, as modern art should.
1 While they are obviously targeting children, the country bears... should amuse parents with their low moaning -to -guffaw ratio.
0 The following things are not entertaining at all: the bad sound, the lack of climax and, worst of all, seeing his field -lrb, who is also one of the film producers -rrb - does everything he can to look like a good guy.
0 Crush goes to absurd lengths to avoid exactly the problems it throws.
1 a headgear, bitchy, b -bop ride through the night Manhattan, a chatty video log of the modern man and the lengths he will go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego.
0 If he loses his chance to make absurd observations, Burns will be in the swarm of Slapstick Street.
1 People's skin gets a few cheap shocks from their children's endangered theatrics, but it also attaches to the earliest fears of young people who try to deal with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults.
1 how pleasantly strange and fascinating a story, as it was a century and a half ago.has a charming gloomy, dpan tone and stylistic consistency.
1 elvira fans could hardly ask for more.
0 Its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is not something to take seriously, but it also destroys any chance that the film will rise above similar rates.
1 an approaching film that avoids the caricatural clich233s and avoids the humour of the genre, as it offers a fresh look at an old type, the insecure girl on the edge of femininity.
0 Sometimes it hurts to see.
0 Made me unintentionally famous... as the troubled critic who sneezed out of the theater and fainted in the lobby.
1 -lrb - taymor -rrb - takes advantage of the idea of making Kahlo's art alive, breathing part of the film, often catapults the artist into her own work.
1 one of the rare films that occasionally come with impeccable acting, directing, history and tempo.
1 Forget an Oscar nomination for Julienne Moore this year. She should get all five.
1 I like it.
0 a philosophical, intellectual and logistical mess.
1 While the humor is recognizable, he has actually made the effort to construct a real story this time.
1 Although some viewers will not be able to endure so much tongue -in -cheek oddity, those who do will have found a cult lover for a lifetime.
0 a well -handled disappointment.
1 Duvall is as strong as ever.
0 Towards the end, the sum of all fears turns into a banal disaster movie of the 70s.
1 great performances, great to see, and funny.
1 very well written and very well done.
0 there is a little violence and a lot of sex in an attempt to keep our attention, but it becomes monotonous after a while, like joan and philip's repetitive arguments, plans and betrayal.
0 Girlfriends are bad, wives are worse, and babies are the death blow in this bitter Italian comedy.
0 Adults, bentley and hudson stare and sniff respectively. as the main book tries in vain to prove that film star intensity can overcome the bad hair design.
0 confusing, simple and more than a little presumptuous.
0 Morrissette has indeed fulfilled a difficult task. He took one of the most fascinating stories in the world and made them boring, lifeless and irritating.
0 with this thin film on his sharp shoulders, chan waving through lazy writing, direction and timing with a smile that says, "if I stay positive, I may be able to channel one of my biggest pictures, drunken master."
1 nothing but a masterpiece... and a challenging one.
0 This last part of the horror movie franchise, which appears to be just as invincible as its trademark villain has arrived for an improper summer performance to show once again that the era of smart, well -made b -movie is long over.
1 And that makes a difference.
1 Robert Harmon's less - is - more approach provides real bump -in -the -night chills - his greatest triumph is to hide the creepy crawlies in the thick shadows of the movie.
0 ...a sour little film at it s core; an exploration of the emptiness that interrupted the relentless joys of the 1920s...
1 It's good to see Michael Caine say the dirty words and punch people in the stomach again.
0 slack and uninspirid, and peopled mainly by characters so unesympathic that you're left with a acid key in your mouth.
0 Forget, if kind -hearted, film.
1 A fascinating story well told.
0 For every member, such as skateboarder Tony Hawk or bmx rider mat hoffman, there are about half a dozen young Turks who wonder how often they can write the words ``radical''or ``suck'' into one sentence.
0 A culture -class comedy half as clever as she thinks.
0 This is now a third person story, told by Hollywood, and much more common to her.
0 at 90 minutes this film is short, but it feels much longer.
0 Mckay seems ashamed of his own invention and tries to rush through the passages, apparently in the hope t hat the audience will not notice the striking trinity of the plot device he has commissioned.
0 The big screen Scoby makes the stupid original cartoon look smart and well done in comparison.
1 The fact is that the screen is most alive when it seems very likely that Broomfield's interviewer or even himself will not be for much longer.
0 The script?
1 nicole holofcener's lovely and amazing, from her own screenplay, jucks to the head of the class of women's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick -flicks by treating women follies with a satirical style.
1 sympathetic thanks to its cast, its cuisine and its twisted melodies.
1 will wait a little from the classics ````to dark''and ```extremities''.'...but in terms of its style the film itself is in a class.
1 a pleasant piece of escapist entertainment.
1 sweet and unforgettable film.
1 It's a movie you can trust.
0 Whole sections of the film may be incomprehensible to film -makers who are not yet dressed in black.
1 Impressed as a skillfully composed, highly polished and professional adaptation. Just as chilling and disturbing as ``manhunter''was.
0 These guys seem great at knocking back a beer, but they're just not funny actors.
1 There are some things that raise ``fame''above most of their kind, especially the mere presence of duvall.
1 It is also proof of the integrity and vision of the band.
1 daily struggles and simple pleasures accept the announcement, so that until now the credits roll over the Pat end, there is a warm, fuzzy feeling.
1 Many parents and their teenagers -lrb - or preacher -rrb -kid could connect while watching a walk to remember.
1 Henry Kissinger's experiments are a remarkable piece of filmmaking.
1 Although the film is static, his writer's heart is in the right place, his plea for democracy and civil action is commendable.
1 Evelyn's strong cast and safe direction make for a winning, heartwarming yarn.
0 ...bibbidi -bobbidi -bland.
0 One thing's for sure, if George Romero had directed this film, it wouldn't have taken the protagonists an hour to realize that in order to kill a zombie, you have to shoot him in the head.
1 and it allows a gawky actor like Spall, who could become too easily comic relief in any other movie, to reveal his impressive delicate range.
0 epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affinity that Tucker has made a star.
1 It is rare to find a film to which the adjective "gently" applies, but the word accurately describes pauline &paulette.
1 "Blue Crush" continues with the "Sleeping Film" of the Summer Prize.
0 needed a little less blinking and a lot more romance.
1 It allows you to rise up against the humanity of a psychopath without making him less psychotic.
0 But the narrative of the film is far too confusing to be a truly discouraging, guilty pleasure.
1 so devilishly cunning that even the tortured cinema viewers will leave the auditorium so dizzy, confused and completely disoriented.
1 Despite an exaggerated ending, the film works just as well as he does because of the performances.
1 Film with ideas and weird chaos.
1 The Margarita Happy Hour is a successful feature debut for chains.
0 Goldmember has no visual joke of the previous pictures, and it looks like Jay Kakerlake directed the film from the back of a taxi cab.
1 Take it easy.
1 What could be a soap opera during the day is actually a convincing view of a young woman's tragic odyssey.
0 What kind of Underdog movie is this since the bad news bears?
0 A 94 -minute transvestite of unparalleled proportions, writer director Parker seems to be getting out of the way to turn the legendary joker into the classic false identity farce into a brutal, tiresome and unfriendly hokum.
0 What begins as satisfied children becomes increasingly unbelievable when it runs through constructed plots.
1 The dirty jokes offer the funniest moments in this strangely sweet comedy about Joker Highway Patrols.
0 has none of the nodding of ``fatal attraction', ```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````9 '1' or even ``indecent suggestion'''and feels more like Lyne's proud remake of ```````````````````
1 a sensitive, modest comic drama, both as a character study and as a symbolic test of the huge economic changes sweeping modern China.
1 Fathers and sons, and the unpleasant bonds between them, have seldom received such sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this wonderful film.
0 As director, Eastwood is from his game -- there is no real sense of tension, and none of the action ``surprise''are really surprising.
1 There is a lot of tongue in the cheek in the film and there is no doubt that the filmmaker enjoys it.
1 "Bowling for Columbine" remains a disturbing and thoughtful film.
0 It's a horrible movie, it's real, and it makes absolutely no sense.
0 as always telephoned.
0 The only thing to be afraid of ``Fear dot com''is to hit your head on the stage in front of you when you fall asleep for thirty minutes in the movie.
1 Blade ii fuses parts of combat games, wire fu, horror movies, mystery, James Bond, wrestling, sci -fi and anime into a big, bloody stew.
0 For the vast majority of casual filmgoers, it will probably be a chatter.
1 There is a real issue here, and it is handled with intelligence and care.
1 Bigelow offers some striking twists and turns that occasionally reinforce this biggest fable.
1 The film has the uncanny ability to correct itself just when you think it's in danger of going wrong.
0 It is a mystery how the film could be published in this state.
1 an unforgettable view of morality, family and social expectation through the prism of this omnibus tradition called marriage.
0 A sad and rotten exercise in milking a played -out idea, a straight man has to dress up in drag, which is shockingly worse than his title implies.
1 a funny movie.
1 A gangster movie with the ability to surprise.
0 A big fart from a director who looks like a crazy French grandfather.
0 It is possible that something cool and transgressive was tried here that stubbornly refused to gel, but the result is more mysterious than disturbing.
1 an entertaining, if standardized, action film.
1 a generous, inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually becomes a proof of faith.
0 Eight -legged freaks?
1 Malcolm Mcdowell is cool.
0 The film fluctuates between Hallmark Card sentimentality and silly, life -affirming moments directly from a mobile advertisement.
1 as a thoughtful and unimaginable study of an alternative lifestyle, sex with strangers is a success.
0 a reality snubbing hodgepodge.
0 -lrb -a -rrb - slumer.
0 It's a great idea, but the film itself is small and shrinking.
1 a captivating portrait of a man whose captivating manners and extravagant style made him a truly greater than life character.
1 Sayles has a talent for casting, often resurrected actors who now rarely work in movies.
0 For all its violence, the film is remarkably blunt with only Caine making a lot of an impression.
1 This is a finely written offbeat thriller.
1 In the end, when the now computerized Yoda finally reveals his martial art, the film ascends to a kinetic life so full that even angry adults can rediscover the trembling child inside.
1 the strongest and most touching film of recent years.
0 ...a cinematic disaster that so inadvertently prevents the fragmentation of the film that it is worth the price of admission for the mockery factor alone.
0 Even if it had made its original publication date last autumn, it would have been there after one, doing the same.
0 Unfortunately, it's not very good either.
1 The most wonderful love story in years, it's a big movie.
0 Too much power, not enough puff.
0 Despite an impressive list of stars and direction by Kathryn Bigelow, the weight of the water is depressingly heavy.
1 Finally ``read my lips''is a film that understands that characters must come first.
1 Even before she developed into her madly staged ballroom scene, where 3000 -year -old actors perform in full shelves, she wove herself into the art film Pantheon.
0 a film which, as we know, is drifting into the service of a clear and conventional historical fiction, if what we are asking of the director is really to be hypnotized.
1 the rare film, which is as crisp and up to the point as the novel on which it is based.
0 Here, common sense flies out the window, along with the hail of bullets none of which have ever hit Sascha.
1 Irb - dong -rrb - is bravely trying to understand every point of view, and he's doing such a good job of making the family foundation upset you.
0 If she lets her beloved Leads meet, lrb - denis'-rrb - history becomes a hopeless, unsatisfying mud
0 nothing too deep or substantial.
0 But what's missing is a morality.
1 beautifully illustrates the ability of the human mind to overcome adversities.
0 Obvious, disgusting and didactic Burlesque.
1 It is definitely a step in the right direction.
0 vaguely interesting, but it's just too much.
1 The film sounds like the stuff of lurking melodrama, but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from Paul's perspective.
1 This is a few more fun than Malle's, if only because the cast is playing around as tight as sloppy city cuts by Damon Runyon Gauks.
1 the writing is clever and the cast is appealing.
1 Although commentary on the afterlife is available...It is the picture that really tells the story.
0 an almost 21 \\\\2 hour, the film is far too lenient.
0 ...Not sympathetic, uninteresting, unfunny, and completely, utterly incapable.
1 Some of the visual flower stands are a little too obvious, but cautious and subtle telling stories, and fine performances make these delicate occurrences of age a treat.
1 But the talented cast alone will watch you like the battle scenes.
1 Serious, inconspicuous and Hollywood predictable, the Green Dragon is still a deeply moving attempt to put a human face to the torment of thousands of Vietnamese troops.
1 Jeffrey Tambor's performance as an intelligent jazz musician is Oscar -worthy.
1 an overly familiar scenario is made new by an intelligent script and captivating performances in this low budget, video shot, debut India effort.
0 a clash between the artificial structure of history and the more modern, naturalistic tone of the film...
0 "christian bale's quinn -lrb is -rrb - a skinder grunge -pirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a wind tunnel and a simple astounding cor -blimey -luv -a -duck cockney accent"
0 I'm not quite sure what this movie is thinking.
1 It's a hot one.
0 a real nap.
1 like his title character, this Nicholas nickleby finds himself in reduced circumstances -- and `also, like his hero, he remains bright optimistic, comes through in the end.
0 The children in the audience at the preview show appeared to be bored, they cheered, but little else; their parents, the wise ones they are, read books.
0 Partly a slim, romantic comedy around the numbers, partly a shallow discussion about the emptiness of success and completely soulless.
0 For its 100 -minute duration, you will wait in vain until a movie happens.
1 A chronicle not only of a man's quest to become president, but of how this man himself has transformed a level full of hard -won cynical journalists into what was essentially an expanded advertising department by the end of the campaign.
0 A film based on media -based problems, such as whether compromise is the death of the self. This orgasm -lrb - would not be a -rrb - extraordinarily memorable for most people.
1 Fresnadillo has something serious to say about the way extravagant opportunities can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of common sense.
0 This isn't one of those movies you want to see if you only lived a week.
0 But the mainstream audience will find little interest in this film, which is often sung and badly played.
1 Suddenly subtle and visceral, the film never becomes the trap of moving or weeping by offering instead with its unshakeable gaze a measure of faith in the future.
0 Looking for sin, American style?
0 It drowns in juice.
0 Laggard Drama went his way to an uninspired philosophical revelation.
0 Infinitely dreary, not to mention boring.
0 Credibility was not one of the virtues of the film.
1 filled with Alexandre Desplats of penetrating and sublime music, the film completely changes the audience.
1 The four feathers are definitely horse feathers, but if you know that, you could have fun in this film sandbox.
0 The film tries to make itself too funny from a genre, the gangster crime comedy t hat was exhausted a few years ago among the viewers, and its cute dependence on film -specific cliches is not exactly endearing.
1 unshakeable, but powerfully dramatic.
0 ...del toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film bearable rather than enjoyable.
1 This filmed tosca -- not the first, by the way -- is a pretty good job when it's filmed, so you want it.
1 shows one of the most influential depictions of a love affair ever made into a movie.
1 a journey that includes almost three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history, in which we feel that we really know what makes Holly and Marina tick, and our hearts go out to them, while both continue to negotiate their imperfect, love -hate relationship.
0 starts strong before he quickly loses focus, point and purpose in a mix of mixed messages, exaggerated drama and Bruce Willis with a scar.
0 Although this is an important political documentary, it is not really the case that the Kissinger should be brought to justice as a war criminal.
0 Swims in mediocrity and stretches out occasionally for a fresh breath.
1 Although the film is limited to a light story about matchmaking, the characters for beginners make the trip worth the trip
0 Even fans of ismail merchant's work, I suppose, would have a hard time sitting through it.
0 The high -concept scenario soon turns out to be absurd, the acting is robotically italic, and truth -tellers take note: there is very little line of view.
0 What's worse is that Pelosi knows.
0 a ``home alone''movie staged as ``rosemary's baby,''but not as well designed as any of these films.
0 Although made on a string and treated unevenly, it conjures up a lynchlike vision of the rotting undertree of Central America.
0 Everything about girls can't swim, even his passages of sensitive observation, feels secondhand, familiar... and not in a good way.
1 Brian Tufano's beautiful wide -screen photography and Paul Grabowski's excellent music make this rather parochial melodrama something really quite special.
1 It's definitely worth seeing.
1 a heroic story of endurance that is sure to win the hearts of spectators.
0 will probably be one of those movies that barely registers a blip on the radar screen of 2002.
1 a bilingual charmer, just like the woman who inspired him
1 Everyone's underestimated charm brings more delicious bites than lumps of money.
1 Everyone loves a David and Goliath story, and it is told almost entirely from David's point of view.
1 both lead performances are oscar -size.
1 as a good old -fashioned adventure for children, spirit: the stallion of the Cimarron is a winner.
0 It's super violent, super serious and super stupid.
0 all small moments and flashbacks do not yield much more than simple observations about the human condition.
1 complex special effects take the middle screen so that human history is pushed to one side.
1 The film is... determined to treat its characters, weak and strong, as defective people, not caricatures, and carefully determine the costs of inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self -preservation.
0 I found the film as divided against itself, as the dysfunctional family portrays it.
1 Too stupid by half... but very kind.
0 Although Frida is easier to swallow than Julie Taymor's absurd Titus, the eye shadow is missing here considerably brio.
1 The film is hard to discard, moody, thoughtful, and illuminated by flashes of laughter humor.
1 The first five minutes you'll talk'till the end of the year!
0 Stupid nonsense.
0 Previous to this, the mummy and the mummy stand as intellectual masterpieces alongside the Scorpion King.
1 worth a look from those on both sides of the topics, even if only for the perspective it offers, one that the public rarely sees.
1 it binds together with b -film commercials, while the rich details and go -for -break action are added that announces something special.
0 ...too juicy for his own good.
0 This flat run on a hip -hop Tootsi is so badly striped that you could fit the whole pootie thong between your pins.
0 No, I don't know why Steven Seagal is considered a star, or why he's i n action movies when none of them are ever good or make money.
1 If it seems like a strange way to true love, maybe it is, but it's on this film'-lrb'-and its makers''-rrb - credit that we believe that this is exactly what these two people need to find each other --and themselves.
0 little is done to support the premise, except throw Gags at them to see which shtick.
0 One of the decades of historical epochs that strive to be intimate and socially inclusive, but do not do justice to both efforts in three hours of screen time.
1 The kind of sweet, sour inside movie that movie fans eat like so much gelati.
0 a great disappointment coming from filmmakers and actors of this type
0 For a film that is being advertised a s a comedy, the sweet home of Alabama is not a s funny a s you had hoped.
0 Richard Pryor is mining his personal horrors and came with a treasure chest a us material, but Lawrence mainly gives us fool's gold.
1 a film of binding force and sadness.
1 Robert John Burke as a monster and steals the show.
1 the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of her cool predecessor, and when she decides to go in her own direction, she makes changes that suit her well, rather than those imposed for commercial sensitivities.
1 Just so deviant that you're interested without getting close.
0 written, flat, by David Kendall and staged, barely, from there is anything about Mary Co -author ed decter.
0 It's a movie with an idea buried somewhere in its fabric, but never clearly seen or felt.
0 One can only assume that the jury that gave Star Hoffman's brother Gordy the Waldo Salz Screenwriting Award at 2002's Sundance Festival celebrated an attempt to do something other than actually withdraw it.
1 tries to overcome his genre with a curiously stylized, quasi -Shakespeare portrait of pure female enemy evil.
0 no stereotype is omitted, one more click is unspoken.
1 a smart, steaming mix of roadmap,upcoming history and political satire.
0 It's consistent, it's well -shot, it's badly handled, but it's taking you down like a dinner cart showing its promotion.
1 k -19 will not end in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories, but it is a captivating and exciting story of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia.
1 a four -star performance by Kevin kline, who unfortunately works with a two -star script.
1 God bless Crudup and his reluctance to take the easy Hollywood path and use his movie star glory.
1 It's a feel -good movie that actually makes you feel good.
1 If anything, it's for Karen Black, who's storing a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named Dirty Dick.
1 Watching the chemistry between Freeman and Judd, however, makes this film almost worth seeing.
1 Moonlight miles give you the freedom to feel contradictory things.
1 It is a film that achieves so much that a look cannot be probable enough.
1 the film wants to be funny, uplifting and moving, sometimes all at once.
0 The film never gets over its own investments in conventional arrangements, in terms of love, age, gender, race and class.
1 nicely combines the enigmatic properties of "memento" with the hallucinatory drug culture of "requiem for a dream"
0 Sorvino makes the princess appear complacent and cartoonistic, and the film will only become alive if poor Hermocrates and Leontine pathetically compare notes of their upcoming loves.
0 -lrb - a -rrb - rest retread of the'53 original.
1 more concerned with general feelings, broader ideas and open questions than concrete history and definitive answers, soderbergh's solaris is a beautiful and deceptively minimalist film lyric.
1 Alarm for Duvall's sparkling sincerity and his older tendency to knock people while he speaks.
0 There's no point in extracting the bare bones from Byatt's plot for the purposes of hollywood romance.
1 The performances are friendly and committed, and the comedy more often than not hits the Bullseye.
0 Zickzag would have been richer and more attentive if he had drawn less closely.
0 In order to better understand why this is not related to me, further consideration would be required, and I would not go through this again... which in itself is comment enough.
0 is a question for philosophers, not filmmakers; all filmmakers have to do is engage an audience.
0 At some point, this visual deception stops being clever and turns into conspicuous, vague, silly robberies.
0 A Ragbag of Klischees.
0 Overburdened with complicated ideas and banal dialogues
1 The picture only runs 84 minutes, but it's not a view.
1 refreshingly distracts from the usual cliches.
1 niccol, the filmmaker, fuses his collaborators''symbolic images with his words', suggesting, for example, that in Hollywood only God speaks to the press
1 It's a beautiful movie, full of complicated and twisted characters and it's also pretty funny.
0 The environment is completely unbelievable and the histrionics reach a really annoying pitch.
0 The image emerges as a surprisingly anaemic disappointment.
1 Whatever complaints I may have, I would accept the -lrb - his -rrb - serious errors and the hard -fought rewards for the bombastic self -glorification of other wellbeing enthusiasts such as the fishermen or the Cairo Club answers at any time.
0 Rice never clearly defines its characters or gives us a reason to care for them.
1 further entertainment by Robert Rodriguez.
0 But here's a movie about it anyway.
1 If the latest performance of the -lrb - jaglom is not the best brilliant director, part of his keyword is still to be heard.
0 I didn't smile.
1 The script by David Koepp is absolutely useful and because he gives the story some soul...He elevates the experience to a mythical level.
0 Capur fails to give its audience a single character worth giving for -lrb - or against, in the matter -rrb -.
1 It's a visual joy and a pop -up adventure a s long a s you don't try to look too deep into history
0 In its characterization stains as it begins to appear as long as the two -year issue that is its subject
0 nothing more than a lovable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loose combination of acting workshop exercises.
0 It's terribly depressing and not very well done.
1 As a former gong show addict, I admit my only complaint is that we have not received any more creations a ll of these famous moments from the show.
1 It may well quench our deepest desire for vengeance, but unlike many revenge phases, it ultimately delivers.
0 This is cruel, misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy.
0 A pale Xerox of other, better crime movies.
1 It's strange, but it's delightful.
0 History has little wit and no surprises.
0 Shit.
0 Just another unencumbered, fairly predictable psychological thriller.
1 This is a very funny, heartwarming film.
1 Courteous Cornball continuation.
0 the French director has almost 21 \\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\ 2 hours of unfoccused, unbearably boring cinema that starts to make water torture seem appealing half an hour in.
0 It is only in fairy tales that princesses who are married for political reasons live happily ever after.
1 a small film with great effect.
0 the kind of picture where when one of the characters is looking for a serious soul to do, they go to an image -perfect beach during the sunset.
1 filled with incident and breasts with passion and energy.
1 an intelligent and deeply felt work on impossible, irrevocable decisions and the price of making them.
1 The combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence helps to create a complex, unpredictable character.
1 and she sees these relations, including the relations between the son and his wife, the wife and the father, and between the two brothers, with incredible finesse and sharpness.
0 in the new guy, even the bull is recycled.
0 Reggio and glass so resilient cynicism, with repetition and long -lasting slo -mo sequences that the glass's dirgelike score becomes a fan member.
1 Marshall puts a delaying spin on the standard horror flick formula.
0 Maybe there's some kind of believable, gender -based philosophy here, but who cares?
0 A film captured by mediocrity.
1 an admirable, sometimes extraordinary film
1 This is a film that manages to find in the color of its drastic iconography size.
1 a lot of fun and fun in the middle, although a little less hard at the beginning and end.
1 ...I speak fluently Flatula, advising Denlopp after a rather jumpy exchange with a strange Deckman -rrb - and funny updates -lrb -Silver's parrot was replaced by Morph, a sweet, foreign being who imitates everyone and everything around him.
0 Normally has a jovial air, but a shortage of flame -flame inventiveness.
1 Not all stories work and those that do are thin and scattered, but the film works well enough to see it worth seeing.
1 a strangely touching experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes every crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10 -course banquet.
1 Matthew Lillard was born to play shaggy!
0 A gloomy comedy, which often turns into kitschy sentimental squabbles, would probably not improve much after a therapeutic spike in shock treatment.
1 There's a lot of cool stuff packed in Espn's ultimate x.
1 The prophecies of the Mothman are best illustrated by the demons that threaten modern male travel.
1 At best, it's a black falcon with more heart.
1 invigorating, surreal and resonant with a rainbow of emotions.
0 a tireless, unimaginative and derivative variation of this already flat genre.
0 A fluffy combination of soap opera, low -tech magical realism and, sometimes, pluddingy sociological commentary.
1 a solid occupation, safe direction and complete lack of modern irony.
1 Rodriguez has the skills of a clever film -cutter and the imagination of a big child.
0 a movie you watch instead of one you enter.
0 Should have been worth his jubilee as a breakthrough, but is without jokes and humor.
1 Irb - barry -rrb - gives the assassin a disturbing authority.
0 his action and animation offer TV service during the day, but little more.
1 a moving and important film.
1 These people are really gonna love the piano teacher.
0 Disappointment for a movie that was supposed to be the ultimate Imax trip.
0 a portrait of alienation so perfect, it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers.
1 Yes, but also fascinating and honorable, a rewarding addition to a significant film heritage.
1 ```cremaster 3''should warn ```only for serious film fans''
1 The most refreshing thing about real women's curves is his unprovoked comedy drama and his relaxed, naturally -looking actors.
1 surprisingly informative
1 For those who have not read the book, the film is a much better mother -daughter story than the "divine secrets of the ya -ya sisterhood last summer," but that doesn't say much.
0 the director, with his false backgrounds and his spacious walks, never sets himself on a consistent tone.
0 serious but strangely lukewarm and fast recycling, where predictability is the only winner.
1 Brash, intelligent and erotic stunning, haneke's portrait of a high -class Austrian society and the suppression of its hidden demons is unique with a Sardinian backhand.
1 Probably the best script Besson's written in years.
0 It is most of the things Costner films are known for; it is hypocritical, self -righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to beat it.
0 Pretend it's a werewolf by avoiding eye contact and running slowly.
0 You can fire a torpedo through some of Clancy's holes, and the writers don't deserve oscars.
0 Really terrible.
0 It's hard to imagine that acting could be flattering.
0 Each scene draws and underlines the obvious, and the mood is at the top.
0 Fluffy neo -noirs hide behind cute movie references.
1 A special film, this melancholy film Noir reminded me of many memories.
1 One of the really cute movies you've been seeing for a while.
0 A film really has to be exceptional to justify a three -hour run, and it is not.
1 very interesting material.
1 especially well handled by Diane Lane and Richard Gere.
0 satisfied only to lionize his title character and exploit his anger, all for simple holiness, formula thrills and a mocking sermon on the need for national health insurance.
1 a charming but light comedy.
1 an unusually dry eyes, even analytical approach to material, which is usually played for maximum moisture.
0 A satire -lame, teddy bear picnic on the other side is one of the most glamorous director's compliments.
0 It looks like an action movie, but it's so badly made, on all levels, that it's not even Spoof of one.
1 But mostly it is a work that captures an interesting life with humor, warmth and intelligence.
1 As an introduction to the theories and influences of man, Derrida is anything but useless; as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly curious old man, however, it is invaluable.
1 Young Hanks and Fisk, vaguely resembling their celebrity parents, bring fresh good looks and ease to work in front of the camera.
1 excellent performances by Jacqueline Bisset and Martha plimpton Grace of this deeply touching melodrama.
1 the cast is on point and the mood is reset.
0 his generic villains lack any intrigue -lrb - except their funny accents -rrb - and the action scenes are poorly delivered.
1 While Pollywood Hollywood undoubtedly offers its greatest pleasure to those familiar with bombay musicals, it also offers much for those -lrb - like me -rrb - who are not.
0 has no reason to exist except Hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents.
0 In a big corner office in hell Satan throws up his hands to surrender, fires his people and has decided to master the disguise 24 \.7
1 captures all desires, pain and suffering, the confusing sexual messages and the desire to be part of this elusive adult world.
1 In a film full of surprises, the biggest thing is that secret ballot is a comedy, both gentle and biting.
0 Deep down, I recognized the harsh reality of my situation: I would leave the theatre with a lower I.q. than I had entered.
1 A chance to see three great actors turn a funny follow -up movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the human need to be someone and belong to someone.
1 well cast and well staged, a powerful drama with enough Sardinian mind not to make it scary.
1 an ambitious naturalistic, albeit semi -baked drama about an abused autistic teenager in the city centre.
0 It's just too bad the story of the movie doesn't fit his style.
1 a wild ride with enough energy and excitement for at least three films.
0 a disturbed freak -out
1 The main actress Gacomic239is a high -flying siren from the impossibly long limbs and her sweet, conspiring smile.
0 Absolutely not.
1 with creaking curves, amusing, tender and heartbreaking, laissez -passer has all the earmarks of French cinema best.
1 The cat marks a return to the form of director Peter Bogdanowitsch.
1 vibrant and beautifully decorated, Metropolis is a feast for the eyes.
1 "Silver Bullet Camp for Director Neil Marshall's Intensive Movie Freight Train"
1 Michael Moore's Bowling for Columbine revives the muckraing spirit of the ```soul -searching spirit of ``are we a sick society?'
0 In the real world, an actor who is so unmistakably beautiful would have a r2C233d; summiob233; with credits like ``girls in the bar' 35
0 Barney throws away the goodwill of the first half of his film by staging a final that is impenetrable and boring.
1 an indispensable view of the art and agony of making people laugh.
1 at 78 minutes it simply sparkles along with vibrance and warmth.
1 The film, although not entirely certain in its performance, is characterized by its sheer boldness and openness.
0 It is sweet and fluffy at the time, but it can make you feel a little sticky and unsatisfactory.
1 sayles has an eye for the way people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group.
1 The irony is that the cast of this film is consistently excellent; their performances should have been allowed to stand on their own.
1 I admire the closing scenes of the film, which seem to ask if our civilization offers a cure for Vincent's complaint.
0 a dark film.
1 a thriller whose style, structure and rhythms are so integrated into history that they cannot be separated.
0 cruel and inhuman film punishment. At the same time degrades their characters, their stars and their audience.
0 You may think you've uncovered the fraud and the players in this debut film by Argentinean director Fabian bielinsky, but while you thought someone ran off with your wallet.
0 The premise itself is just soooooo tired.
1 like any good romance, son of the bride, proves that it is never too late to learn.
0 The emotional overload of female fear draws the film down irreparably.
1 There is undeniable joy in movies filled with movie references, but the fun increases when nothing else happens.
1 a captivating and grim portrait of hookers: what they think of themselves and their customers.
1 a beautiful and beautifully photographed romance.
0 ...While every moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture t, the journey does not really go anywhere.
1 The messages of tolerance and diversity of the film are not very original, but one cannot help but be drawn by sympathetic characters.
0 Apart from the fact that the film idiotically uses the feardotcom.com website or the improper hammock format from poor Stephen rea, the film is added even more contempt for the fact that it is almost impossible to see or understand.
1 I had more fun spying than most big summer movies.
1 a simple story of an unlikely friendship, but thanks to the beautiful locals and exceptional lead performances it has remarkable charm.
1 no such thing is a kind of minimalist beauty and the beast, but in this case the animal should definitely top billing.
1 It's not very well done, but since I found myself more than crying, I'd say the movie works.
1 Aniston has finally decided to deal with the image of her friends in an independent film of satirical fire and emotional turmoil.
0 ...Blade II is still top -heavy with flaming rifles, fraudulently filmed martial arts, decaying bloody computer effects and saggy camera movements that serve no purpose other than to draw attention to themselves.
0 Every joke is repeated at least four times.
1 a clever and funny, albeit sometimes superficial, cautionary history of a technology in search of an artist.
1 If you like an extreme action -packed movie with a hint of humor, Triple x marks the spot.
1 Stanley Kwan has not only one of the best gay love stories ever made, but one of the best love stories ever written.
1 Almost the best straight -up, old -school horror movie of the last fifteen years.
1 In the director's cut, the film is not only a love song for the films, but it is also a complete example of the kind of lavish, all -encompassing film experience that he rhapsodizes.
1 Samuel l. Jackson is one of the best actors there.
1 There is a taste of burning human ethos, an appealing mixture of contextual idealism and hedonistic creativity.
1 a wealth of dialogues on the importance of homeland, delivered with great passion by members of different households.
0 an invisible and self -confident artistic film.
1 This true Hollywood story is more captivating than the usual fantasies Hollywood produces.
1 Waiting for Godard can be fruitful: ``in the praise of love''is the director's epitaph for himself.
1 It is only about Anakin.and the brilliantly polished visuals rich in color and creativity and, of course, special effect.
0 Solondz is so eager to get his message across that he forgets to make it entertaining.
0 ...pitiful, splashy disaster.
0 The shit goes on.
1 While history is undeniably difficult to follow, Iwai's delightful images seduce.
0 It's a terrible movie in every way, and absolutely painful to watch.
0 This is a monumental achievement in virtually every aspect of obscene filmmaking: joyless, idiotic, annoying, difficult -to -handle, visually terrible and often almost scary.
1 A rocky gangster movie with a certain tension, fascinating characters and bizarre bank robberies, plus a large dose of father -son dynamics.
1 A great B movie -- in fact, the best in recent memory.
0 Unfortunately, the experience of actually seeing the film is less convincing than the circumstances of its production.
1 I liked it very much, but I have the feeling that I would have liked it much more if Harry &tonto never existed.
0 What begins as a potentially incredibly twisted secret simply becomes a monster -hunting movie.
1 You can leave the theater with more questions than answers, but if your toes stop ticking.
0 No one seems to have taken care of any aspect of her, from his kitschy script to the horrible quality of his lighting up to his last minute, random theatrical release.
0 as in aimless, difficult and arbitrary.
1 Apart from Rohmer's bold decisions regarding the perspective, the lady and the duke represent the lifelong concern of the filmmaker with formalistic experiments in film art.
1 a fascinating view into an island world that lies to many ClichFackel233s and presents a group of committed artists.
0 It's a poster film, a mediocre tribute to movies like her!
0 There is no comfort here, no entertainment value, just a cruel lesson where filmmaking can bring us.
1 The graphic slaughter and the re -establishment of war -torn Croatia is inconveniently contemporary, relevant and sickly real.
1 The brilliant design, lrb, adapted by David Hare a us Michael Cunningham's novel -rrb - is constantly flowing back and forth, weaving themes between three strands that allow us to view events a s through a prism
0 the worst movie experience I've been unable to stop since ````
1 but it also has many of the things that first charming.
1 Weber and Lapaglia are both excellent, in the kind of low key way that allows us to forget that they actually film folk.
1 It's never funny, but it's often fun.
1 A film in which laughter and self -exploitation merge into cheerful soft porn power.
1 very easy to see a joy and --especially --to hear.
1 Not to mention absolutely refreshing.
1 You can take your grandchildren or grandparents and never worry about anyone getting bored. The audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter.
1 arteta paints a picture of life in a state of silent despair.
1 There's no reason to miss the interview with the assassin.
1 I really like this movie.
0 It's more like a crime, a flat, unconvincing drama that never catches fire.
1 close enough in the mind to its free -flowing cinema roots to be a breath of fresh air.
0 While the exaggerations, especially the casual sex scenes, make sure that the film is never boring, Rodrigues's animal, within the metaphor, is ultimately rather silly and exaggerated, making the ambiguous ending seem silly and not provocative.
0 Blue Crush has all the pursuits of an energetic, extreme sports adventure `but ends up more than a growling ``````````````````````retread', with the emphasis on self -empowering slim and big wave surfing, which gives pic its title to reflect.
1 A man who left the film show said the film was better than saving private Ryan.
1 -lrb -a -rrb - strong piece of work.
1 bold and beautifully done.
1 a well -designed film that is all the more remarkable because it achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity.
0 ...meets every cliche we "expected", including the assumption that "crazy" people are innocent, childish and naturally funny.
1 light but pleasing documentation.
0 Adam Sandler's eight crazy nights grow on you... like a rash.
1 Compared to the usual, more gloomy festival entries, the very personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart, smart breath of fresh air that emerges from the pack, even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic.
0 Nicks and Steinberg fit into their own creations for pure venality, which gives her the old college try.
0 Not even Solondz's thirst for controversy, sketchy characters and immature provocations can be fully successful in banishing it.
0 And in a sense, it's a liability.
0 The romance between the leaders is not as convincing or believable as it should be.
1 Hugh Grant, who has a good line in charm, has never been more charming than in a boy.
1 gripping and funny.
1 This is pure, exciting moviemaking.
0 I can't compare the first two films I've seen since Friday, but nothing would change the fact that we have a load of shells lying i n the bubbling sun for three days.
0 a straight thriller that never goes beyond the surface.
1 The constant melancholy of the film and its relaxed narrative are masterfully controlled.
1 There are scenes of film perfection that steal your heart.
1 a quiet love work that hits a very resonant chord.
1 one of those movies that you catch up with in something more than yourself, namely an archetypal desire to occasionally enjoy good garbage.
1 It's an old -fashioned, scary movie based on continued terror, interrupted by sudden shocks and not by constant bloodshed.
1 There is an energy for y tu mamm225; tambicosto233n.
0 The problem with the film is whether these ambitions, which are commendable in themselves, justify a theatrical simulation of the Auschwitz II -birkenau death camp.
0 The whole mess is about transparent hypocritical work, which feels as if it wants to put the women's liberation movement back to twenty years.
0 Not even Steven Spielberg has come up with such a blatant and disgusting product placement in a movie.
1 miyazaki is one of the most wonderful and talented artists and storytellers in the world.
0 The paradise's rusted -out ruin and ultimate collapse during the final -lrb - restored -rrb - third... Emotionally lowering a cinema classic.
1 If you're in the mood for a stupid hack and slash movie, there's nothing you can do wrong with Jason x.
1 All in all, an interesting look at the life of the campaign trail press, especially those who are not really forced for the candidate they follow.
0 In the not too distant future, films such as ghost ships are used as analogues for excessively stimulated thoughts.
1 Ryan Gosling is, in a word, as brilliant as the conflicted Daniel.
0 I don't think so.
0 At best this is a film for the Under -7 set.
1 a fresh, entertaining comedy that looks at relationships without traditional gender roles.
1 Poetry in motion recorded on film.
0 Parts of the film feel a little too much like an advertisement for Ram Das's latest book to the boomer demographic.
0 The script is a silly pairing of tea speakers and animal chewing gum.
0 almost inexorably disturbing.
0 Despite the performance of Auteuil, it is a rather gloomy amble in the middle of the street, where the thematic irony is too obvious and sexual politics too complacent.
1 Irb - ferra -rrb - has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen.
1 a solid and refined piece of filmmaking permeated by passion and attitude.
1 conspicuously in some films and artistically reticent in others, 65 -year -old Jack Nicholson could look at his twelfth Oscar nomination by proving that he now more than ever chooses his roles with the precision of insurance mathematics.
0 While this escaped with a benevolent warning, future lizard efforts must adhere more closely to the laws of laughter.
1 The hot themes of the action are pushed into the background, a welcome step forward by the Sally Jesse Raphael atmosphere of films such as Philadelphia and American beauty.
0 Daughter of Danang reveals that the efforts to close only open new wounds.
1 If not a home run, then at least a solid base hit.
1 It is a fine, old -fashioned film which, to say the least, is free from the claim to great artistic significance.
1 What is lacking in substance makes up for in the heart.
1 The execution of a spot -on -Scottish Burr, duvall -lrb - also a producer -rrb - eliminates layers from this mark which did not exist on paper at all.
1 There are enough signs of faith and rainbows to plant ridiculous faces on this segment of the population who have taken a walk to remember a niche hit.
0 Suffice it to say that his entire promise remains somewhat unfulfilled.
1 the picture's fascinating byways are covered with horrible satirical strokes at the strange egocentricities of the acting terrace.
1 Walter Hill's undeniable is like a 1940s Warner Bros.
0 Parents are watching; it's like a cinematic penance.
0 Whatever the satirical break intended, it has certainly been lost in the ``soon -to -forget''section of the bizarre prison break.
1 The story of Fred schepisi about four Englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality sees youth prosperity not as a lost ideal, but as a starting point.
0 There's no power.
0 starts witty and demanding and you want to love it, but filmmaker Ivan Attal quickly writes himself into a corner.
1 cosminsky.puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self -confident material to make it sting.
1 a well -made Indian spot that needs some trim and more chemistry between its stars.
1 seems to be based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior, like happiness was. Therefore, storytelling is much more attractive.
1 alternately between Totpan comedy and heartbreaking loneliness and is not afraid to provoke introspection both in their characters and in the audience.
0 It keeps the public in a series of mercilessly bad situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to stop.
1 with fine craftsmanship...Olivier Assayas has formed an absorbent view of the provincial bourgeois French society.
1 a hard look at a man's professional fear and his subsequent invention, a terrifying study of bourgeois despair worthy of Claude Chabrol.
0 The ethos of the Chelsea Hotel may shape Hawke's artistic ambitions, but he has not yet matched his own DVD poetry to the beat he hears in his soul.
0 Grant is certainly amusing, but the very hollow figure he plays keeps him at bay.
1 definitely in the category of pleasure b movie, the reign of fire is so incredibly stupid that it is laughingly enjoyable.
0 It's not just the vampires who are doomed in the queen of the damned, the spectators will feel they're suffering the same fate.
1 as simple and innocent a film as you can imagine.
0 extremely bad.
0 Although Disney follows his standard formula in this animated adventure, he feels more compelled than usual.
1 deserves a place of honour alongside Nanook as a milestone in film history.
0 What is missing in the number of murders is any real psychological basis for teenagers' deviant behavior.
0 Any attempt of nuance given by the capable cast is drowned by Director Jon Purdy's suggestion hammer juice.
0 It is lost politics and social observation and will simply put another situation romance over a few fools in an unbelievable script.
1 cut through the layers of the soap -opera emotion and you find a disgusting depiction of a powerful being choking the life out of the people who want to believe it the most.
1 I wanted to put on makeup and see this movie with my sisters.
1 argento, only 26, brings a youthful, out -to -change -the -world aggressiveness in to the project as if it had slit a vein and bled the raw film.
1 as refreshing as a drink from a stream of woods.
1 ...a sweetly influential story about four sisters who are somehow finished with the end game of life.
1 well guided and convincing.
1 It is an unstoppable view of cooperation between damaged people who
0 Ritchie's film is easier to swallow than the polemic allegory of Wertmuller, but it is self -destructive decorated.
1 The charm of the first film is still there, and history feels like the logical, non -coercive continuation of the career of a couple of spy children.
0 Claims to be a Hollywood satire, but ends up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more captivating.
1 Every enjoyment will depend on a personal threshold of considering sad but lovable characters extremely unconventional things.
1 an undeniably beautiful, finally shattered document of a troubadour, its followers and the triumph of its band.
0 During the film, the humor fades.
1 The magic -lrb - and original running time -rrb - by Ase japamator hao miyazaki's spiriting away survives intact in bv's re -stimmed version.
1 Michael Moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining, self -explanatory, politically motivated documentary films, and he has a powerful theme here as always.
1 Free presents a fascinating profile of a deeply humanist artist who, despite everything he has experienced, remains surprisingly idealistic and retains an extraordinary belief in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him.
1 predictable and depressing, although brown sugar is so serious in its longing for the days before Rap became nihilistic that it calls more mind and bite than your average Formula Romantic quadrangle.
0 Unfortunately, many of the actors throw one or two sparks at the first performance, they do not generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction.
0 It's such a bad movie that his happiest viewers will be sitting next to one of those ignorant morons who talks the whole show.
1 A modest masterpiece.
1 Neil Burger succeeded here... in his four -decade secret back to the springboard for a more direct secret in the present.
1 and thanks to Kline's super -nuanced performance, that thinking is very pleasant.
1 It's still a comic, but Maguire makes it a comic with soul.
1 Shiri is an action movie t hat fulfills the promise of excitement, but he also has a strong dramatic and emotional attraction t hat gradually creeps into the audience.
0 seems satisfied with dog paddle in the middle end of the pool, and it is a sad, sick sight.
1 takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun, bronze.
0 But it doesn't leave you with much.
1 The trick of looking at Godard is to grasp the pitch of his poetry, to enjoy the joy of his sounds and pictures and to think about the historical, philosophical and ethical questions that intersect with them.
1 broomfield has a rather unique approach to documentary film.
0 When the Mediterranean sparkles, "swept away" sinks.
0 Two bits Potboiler.
1 a touching and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and conveys something beautiful about human nature.
1 A clever, provocative drama that makes it almost impossible: it comes under the skin of a man we know only as an evil, monstrous madman.
0 Suddenly excessively old -fashioned in his sudsy conspiracy and with great emphasis in his efforts to modernize it by adding to diversity and tolerance.
0 It's just rather dull and boring.
0 The problem is that we have no idea what is going on in creation.
0 The film is a mess from beginning to end.
1 his raw and vitality give him a considerable blow.
1 One of the best insider show deals of all time.
0 but the feelings that are aroused in the film are lukewarm and quickly over.
1 a wave of color, music and dance, which only the most skilled throat not to crack a smile.
1 the best animated function to meet theater since beauty and the animal eleven years ago.
0 The only cover Carvey should be considering right now is a paper bag he carries over his head when he goes out in public to avoid being recognized as the man who deceived unsuspecting filmmakers.
0 hardly worth mentioning, apart from the reporting on the number of drum weed awarded by the empty theatre with his company.
1 a well -observed sign.
1 Compared to his series of spectacular abdominal flops on and off the screen, wriselDAT is somewhat like a triumph.
0 as simple and pedantic as Catsup...
1 Some people march to the beat of another drum, and if you've ever wondered what kind of houses these people live in, this documentary looks at 5 -alternative housing.
1 That Jack Nicholson makes this man so worth seeing is not only a tribute to his craft, but also to his legend.
1 With each of her three protagonists, Miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman's life is out of a deep, emotional need to turn on a different path.
1 A college story that works without vulgarity, sex scenes and insults!
0 a silly and dreary business.
0 The memoirs of Behan are a great material for a film. Rowdy, strong and lyrical in the best Irish sense, but Sheridan has decided to have a great romance.
0 a pretty tired exercise in nostalgia.
0 "linklater fans, or pretentious types who want to seem avant -garde will suck up to this project..."
0 there is little to recommend snow dogs, unless one considers cliche dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high helplessness.
0 a lousy movie.
0 It is such a mechanical undertaking -lrb - that -rrb - never bothers to ask why someone could spend their time with it.
0 A Blair -style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera, with matching performances from everyone in the cast.
0 Until its last minutes, this is a keen study of two families in crisis and two girls whose friendship is seriously tested by bad luck and their own immaturity.
0 Leave spend 90 -minute discovering whether an imaginary pseudo -intellectual intentionally left college or was killed.
0 needs more impressionistic cinematography and exciting views and less time loop ``grandeur''recordings and fast editions that often affect athletics.
1 With the prospect of films like Kangaroo Jack bursting over American winter films, it is a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative.
0 where this was lazy, but pleasing, a formula comedy that was saved from its stars, which is even lazier and much less pleasing.
1 A very interesting, giggling little story with a sweet edge.
1 skillfully weaves both the elements of the action as well as a powerful evocative mood combined heated sexuality with an intrusive feeling of malaise.
0 Irb -soderbergh -rrb tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics instead of trusting the intelligence of an audience, and it creates a general feeling of brutality.
1 Writer director Juan Carlos fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably safe.
0 the kind of film that amazes you about the fact that so many talented people could participate in such a poorly advised and poorly executed idea.
0 Each story is based on a potentially interesting idea, but the first two are ruined by amateur writing and acting, while the third feels limited by its short duration.
1 sweet sexy, funny and touching.
1 Like all works by Egoyan, Ararat is moist intelligent and unusually ambitious.
1 Although invincible is not quite the career summit that the pianist has for Roman Polanski, it shows that Werner can still leave us here with a feeling of wonder about the manifold, wonderfully twisted forms that history has taken.
0 The film is really closer to porn than serious criticism of what is wrong with this increasingly ubiquitous aspect of gay culture.
0 This is a movie that starts out like heatstroke, then it'll put it on, then it gets careless.
1 It's a cool event for the whole family.
0 Time literally listens to a dime in the "tries -so -hard -to -be -cool" clocks, but that doesn't mean it still doesn't feel like the longest 90 -minute movie of your life.
1 a nice, entertaining two hours.
0 Although it pretends to expose the lives of male crooks, it is exploitative without being aware.
0 This dark police drama finally feels as flat as the murky sand of his great community.
1 Another love story in 2002's remarkable procession of sweeping images that revived the romance genre.
1 The castle belongs to Rudd, whose portrait of a therapy -dependent flock ball spitting out French malapropisms is a nonstop hoot.
1 The story... is inspiring, ironic and revealing how ridiculous and money -oriented the record industry really is.
0 Love may have been i n the air on the screen, but I certainly wasn't feeling it.
0 The cut of this director, which adds 51minutes, takes a great movie and turns it into a banal soap opera.
1 "the dangerous life of the old painters has flaws, but it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors
0 Movies like High Crimes whip the dead horse of surprise like it's an obligation.
1 an amusing and unexpectedly sensitive investigation of sexual jealousy, resentment and the fine line between passion and presumption.
1 Producer John Penotti interviewed high school students and came back with the astonishing revelation that they wanted to see something that didn't talk to them."
0 It's just a movie that happens to have Jackie Chan.
1 What saves the film is the cast, especially the ya -yas themselves.
1 But what's nice is that it's a random intelligence that penetrates the script.
0 Adam Sandler's eight -crazy nights are 75 -time wasted minutes as the voice -over hero in Columbia pictures'perverse idea of an animated holiday movie.
0 a mess.
1 The filmmakers wisely decided to let crocodile hunter Steve Irwin do what he does best and make up a story around him.
1 I'm so glad you might not even notice it's a pretty straightforward remake of Hollywood comedies like the father of the bride.
1 Talk to her is so damn sure, we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the movie is well underway, and yet it's hard to stop.
1 A really funny ensemble melody that also asks its audience in a heartwarming, non -judgmental way what we value in our daily life.
1 After seeing ``analyze that,''I feel better already.
1 Mazel Tov to a film about the happy life of a family on the Jewish stage.
0 The characters are never more than sketches that frustrate any true emotional connection or identification out of reach.
1 Regency of fire could simply go down as one of the all -time great apocalypse movies.
1 Although few will argue that it counts with the best of herog's works, invincible shows that he is back in shape with an amazingly rich film.
1 monte cristo wisely emphasizes the well -forged history and renounces unnecessary hunting scenes and sword fights as revenge unfolds.
1 It shows us a piece of life that is very different from our own and yet immediately recognizable.
1 interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story.
0 What we have here is not exactly a disaster, but a very well -produced disappointment.
0 There's a reason the studio doesn't offer a preview.
1 There is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation in this film, which may not always work, but it is still captivating.
1 Although it is also solipsistic in tone, the film has enough vitality to justify the idea, a screen adaptation of Evans' Saga of Hollywood surplus.
0 one of the worst films of 2002.
0 lazy, miserable and complacent.
0 -lrb -t -rrb - er script is not at the level of direction, nor are the uneven performances of the performers, who seem bound and determined to duplicate the now clicked vampire accent of white lugosi.
0 often disturbed in a good way, but it is an uneven film for the most part.
1 an animation landmark as monumental as Disney's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarves.
0 This thing is garbage.
1 "paved with good intentions leads to video store"
1 Nevertheless, this film is funny and hosts some really excellent sequences.
1 a disoriented but occasionally disarming saga with moments from an Alice in Wonderland adventure, a stalker thriller and a condensed season of TV's big brother.
0 Like in the world of his movie, Harley created a monster, but he didn't know how to deal with it.
1 It is surprising how well it holds up at a time when computer -generated images are the norm.
1 It is a clear portrait of an intensely lived time, full of nervous energy, moral ambiguity and great uncertainty.
1 The extent to which it succeeds is impressive.
1 proves a serviceable Second World War drama that cannot completely hide its inventions, but at least draws attention to a problem that Hollywood has ignored for too long.
1 a fascinating, bombshell documentary that should embarrass Americans, regardless of whether the ultimate guilt is finally with Kissinger.
0 never more inspired than an interested distance.
1 a sharp and fast documentary, which is funny and witty while illuminating an er a of theatrical comedies, which, during the past, is really not.
1 This is a smart film that knows its classical music, its joy and its facade.
0 Instead of catching some blondes, I should be investigating why a guy with his talent ended up in such a bad movie.
1 provides approximately the same amount of beautiful movements and inside information.
0 meyjes' film, like max rothman's future, does not work.
1 arrest a strange, a little drive.
0 But I had a lot of problems with that movie.
0 It is boring, mindless, silly and monotonous: an extremely loud explosion of senseless chaos that goes nowhere fast.
1 the year 2002 has brought up more future stories than it seems possible, but watch out for my cat, which is the best of them.
1 Nakata's technique is to imply terror by suggestion and not by excessive use of special effects.
0 the cinematic equivalent of a bar that is favored by arrogant artists who like to lament their cruel fate.
1 There's a part of us that can't help seeing someone get away with something.
1 But Mr. Polanski creates images that are even more penetrating than those in Mr. Spielberg's 1993.
1 the performances are strong, although the subject demands to act that borders on hammocks.
0 never reaches ``lilo''Stitch''the emotion or timelessness of Disney's great past, or even those of recent successes such as ``mulan'' or ``tarzan'''
1 a wild ride with eight boarders from Venice Beach, who was a well -earned co -winner of the public award for documentaries at the Sundance Film Festival.
1 The Mushy Final transforms John q into a film of the Week of Tearjerker.
1 a venturesque, beautifully realized psychological tune that reveals its former Feature Director the understanding of the expressive power of the camera.
1 that it is probably the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture
0 My own minority report is that it stinks.
1 Cage makes an unusual but pleasantly intrusive debut behind the camera.
1 Brosnan is wilder in this movie than I've seen him before and Halle Berry is doing her best to keep up with him.
1 Ben Kingsley is really funny, playing some kind of Ghandi that's gone bad.
0 Honestly, it's pretty stupid.
1 Ozpetek's efforts have the scope and form of a particularly well -executed television film.
1 Too smart for about nine tenths.
1 Horns and halos benefit from chance, but also remember to question our own responsibility as to what is said as truth.
0 a particularly joyless and very boring, age -related story.
1 An unorthodox little movie Noir organized crime story, which is one of the strangest love stories you'll ever see.
1 As I watched the movie Powerpuff Girls, my mind kept returning to an anecdote to compare them: the comic book in Japan that gave people seizures.
0 There's no good answer.
1 While the last subway -rrb -was rather melodramatic, it limited itself to a single theatrical society and its strategies and illusions, while Taverner is more concerned with the whole story.
1 Edge beautifully illuminates what it sometimes means to be inside, to look out and to look out at other times.
1 If you think it's an uprising to see Rob Schnieder in a young woman's clothes, then you'll enjoy the hot bride.
1 With the same benign fun you find in movies like tremor, eight legged freaks are the best Escapist Award.
0 a hole that tends to hit home each of its points.
0 a non -partisan secret.
1 There are subtle, interracial desires and above all singing and dancing.
0 There is more repetition than creativity in the entire film.
1 Together, Muller, Kuras and the actresses make personal speed a complicated, intimate and intelligent journey.
1 I enjoyed the film in a superficial way, while I was never sure what its purpose was.
0 fear dot com is more frustrating than a modem that shuts down every ten seconds.
0 Instead of a funny revelation about the banality and hypocrisy of too much Kid vid, we get an ugly, nasty fight from an adult who apparently was forced by his children to watch too many Barney videos.
0 feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired of fighting the same battles, putting the weight of the world on his shoulders, playing with narrative form.
0 It is very difficult to care about character, and that is the central flaw of the film.
1 Gangster no. 1 is a solid, satisfying tariff for adults.
0 Why did they consider it necessary to document all this emotional misery?
1 No doubt, the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place.
1 Irb rises over his oh -so Hollywood rejuvenation and his conventional direction to give the film a soul and an impudent sense of good old Escapism.
1 captures the perverse element of Kafkaesque, where identity is robbed overnight and replaced by a persecuted "other."
1 not even predictable.
0 The film doesn't really care about the thousands of Americans who die horribly, it cares about how Ryan meets his future wife and starts his start at the CIA.
1 offers a school -free trip to the comfort zone.
0 The filmmakers play to the big boys in New York and L.A. for this purpose, they mock the kind of people they don't understand, who they think the Power Lunchers don't want to understand...
0 I just wish it was more of an exaggeration than trying to have it both ways.
0 The whole thing, true story or not, feels incredibly hollow.-lrb --it -rrb - comes like a brand promotion.
1 The structure is simple, but in its way, the rabbit -proof fence is a quest story as big as the Lord of the Rings.
0 a puppy so desperate for attention it almost breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks.
1 Nice piece of work.
0 The events of the movie are just so strange that I honestly never knew what the hell was coming next.
0 Episode II -- Clone attack is a technological exercise that lacks juice and joy.
1 This is a dark, gritty, sometimes funny little jewel.
0 Although there is a clear intention and a uniform orientation of the film, the drama feels manipulated and animated.
0 Noyce's biggest mistake is thinking that we need radical, dramatic Hollywood moments to hold on.
1 What emerges is a disturbing picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice.
1 The 3 -d views of the orbit, with the space station hanging like a huge wind bell over the big blue globe, are verses of breathtaking, awe -inspiring visual poetry.
0 cacoyannis''Vision is much less mature', interprets the play as a call for compassion and sympathy for anachronistic fantasies that haunt the imaginary glory of their own past.
1 Jackie Chan movies are a bad pleasure. He is easy to like and always makes us laugh.
1 -lrb - gayton's Script -rrb -telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience.
1 I know I shouldn't have laughed, but hey, those farts have my inner nine -year -olds.
0 ...has about 3 \\\\\\'4 the fun of his clever 2001 predecessor -- but it's a rushed, clapping, Sequel -for -the -Sequel with less than half the action and resourcefulness.
1 There is a general air of overabundance in everything about the Benjamins that is difficult to resist.
0 plays like one of those conversations the comic guy has on the Simpsons.
0 dong never pushes for insights into the superficial tensions of the dynamics he breaks, and the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation.
1 This charming but light story has shown warmth, wit and interesting characters with compassion.
0 The film goes downhill as soon as Macho Action Conventions are enforced.
1 Delightfully rendered
0 It shows Jackie Chan getting older, and that's something I'd rather live in denial about.
1 many illuminating moments.
0 The Cannes Film Festival, the annual Riviera Spree of Meat, Buzz, Blab and Money, is made into a Jaglomize.
1 The performances are flawless, with roussillon provides comic relief.
0 Anyone who is not in high -tech splinter fest is recommended to take the warning literally and sign up for something more user -friendly.
1 Director Claude Chabrol is the master of allusions.
1 As comedian spotlights go, notorious C.H.O. hits all the verbal signs it should.
0 Irb tries to parody a genre that is already a joke in the US.
0 They were afraid to show this film to the reviewers before it opened, afraid of the bad reviews they thought they deserved.
1 especially affleck.
0 a fragile frame on which are hung wide, slightly sophisticated characters, which are only ten minutes before turning.
1 and it marks him as one of the most interesting writers. Directors work today.
0 This picture is murder by numbers, and as easy to get bored with as your abc's, despite some whopping shootings.
0 Although Jones and Snipes are thrilled, the film is in rhetoric and click altitude 233below.
1 According to wendigo, "nature"loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves.
0 Even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of work to get through this endless, formless documentation about the vibrating subculture.
1 It is refreshingly undogmatic about its signs.
0 an outrageous moaning, littered with zero dimensionality, unpleasant characters and hacked comic sets.
1 a vibrant, colorful, semi -musical rendition.
1 But while you're watching the movie, you're too interested to care.
0 a mediocre exercise in target demography, unaware that it is the butt of his own joke.
0 Thumbs down.
1 While the story sometimes seems quite incredible, it's awfully entertaining to see.
0 At a time when we have learned on the hard road how complex international terrorism is, collateral damage paints an absurd, simple picture.
0 Upper West Sidey exercise disguised as narcissism and self -congratulation as a tribute.
1 as a kind of colorful, dramatized pbs program, frida gets the job done.
0 a n uneven look into a dark future that does not come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor seen in other films based on philip k. dick stories k a n.
1 Irb - shyamalan -rrb - spins the goose -skin genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit, purpose and emotionally wounded characters that up to more than body count.
0 Totally overworked, deeply prejudiced and totally designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly think for the best musicians of all time.
1 There's so much to see in Metropolis you hate, your eyes away from the pictures long enough to read the subtitles.
0 Woody Allen used to make movies like Hollywood end ridiculous.
1 light, but appealing.
0 There's nothing exciting about this movie.
0 What's annoying on the front is that it's too close to real life to make sense.
1 The seams of the film show...but Pellington gives ``mothman''an irresistible creepy atmosphere that goes a long way to keep the picture convincing.
1 Macdowell.gives a solid, tortured performance that overshadows almost everything else she's ever done.
1 Director Paul Cox's unorthodox, abstract approach to the visualization of Nijinsky's journals is both stimulating and demanding.
1 The view of the spaceship on the launch pad is as impressive in Imax dimensions as the images of the astronauts floating in their cabins.
1 The unique niche of the self -critical, behind the scenes navel -gazing has been carved from Orleans' history and its own infinite insecurity is a work of superb originality.
1 The stunt work is first class; dialogue and drama are often nutritionally funny.
0 lucas has actually come closer than you might wish, the cheap, graless, hackneyed sci -fi series of the 30s and 40s.
1 a good effort, an interesting topic, some interesting characters and a sad ending.
0 "something seems to have gotten lost in the translation.
1 feather weight romantic comdy has some nice turns in a standard plot and the charisma of Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock.
0 Hypnotically boring, ruthlessly beaten, ridiculously predictable, the grief of depressed 15 -year -olds, suicide poetry.
1 Everything about the quiet American is good except his timing.
1 It's a smart, adult movie of ideas.
1 The Bourne identity should not be half as entertaining as it is t, but director Doug Liman and his colleagues managed to wrap it up with enough action to satisfy the boom -bam crowd without a great sacrifice of character and mood.
0 As soon as it begins to compromise with reality in order to become relatively healthy and healthy, the film becomes predictably conventional.
1 a touching, small history of family responsibility and care in the community.
0 The talented Krudup has the perfect face to play a beautiful void that yearns to find itself, and his Cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play well if the film knew what to do with him.
0 An art sploition film with too much exploitation and too little art.
0 Unless you're a fanatic, the best advice is to scooby'do't.
1 Nicole Kidman has evolved from star to superstar last year, which means birthday girls are the kind of weirdly attractive little movie she may not be able to make for a while.
1 And the positive tone seems to have recharged it.
1 There's just something about observing a group of psychopathic underdogs whale of tar from unaware outlaws that extends over time and distance.
1 the script is high on staeddie banter, low on shocks.
0 Go back to sleep.
0 This film plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101.
0 It's like a bored cage spent the length of the movie screaming, "Got AIDS yet."
1 Secret ballot papers are a funny, enigmatic film, ambiguous enough to be captivating and strangely moving.
0 a visionary miracle, but there is a lack of depth in storytelling usually in animes like this.
0 nair simply does not have the necessary self -control to guide a loose, poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy.
1 One of the creepiest exquisite anti -adult movies ever made.
0 This cheap and even less funny work by the Farrelly Brothers becomes much too muddy and in relatively short time.
1 Happy stays on the ground in a thrifty and simple way and does not hit us with false pictures or music.
0 Fails as a dystopian film, as a retreat of drive 451, and even as rip -off of the matrix.
1 Whatever one does from its political edge, this is a beautiful filmmaking from one of the masterpieces of French cinema.
1 Jagger, Stoppard and director Michael Apteddeliver a captivating and surprisingly romantic ride.
0 banal and predictable.
0 takes a capped TV -film approach a chapter in the life of the famous Irish playwright, poet and drinker.
0 The pathetic teenage equivalent of showgirls.
1 The best of all is Garcia, who perfectly represents the despair of a very insecure man.
0 It does not shy away from its disturbing prognosis that the legacy of war is a kind of continuing pain.
0 Scooby -doo doesn't know if it wants to be a retro -refitting exercise at the campy call -back for older fans or a stupid, nickelodeon -esque children's movie.
0 A dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishonest and dull as any Hollywood bottle.
0 Irrational and without any sense of commitment or affection for his characters, Reginald Hudlin Comedy relies on toilet humor, ethnic insults.
1 "The best Disney movie since the Lion King"
1 The best India of the year, so far.
0 Feels less like a cousin of Blade Runner than a sidekick on the run from the New York series.
0 it jumps around with little logic or continuity and presents backstage bytes of information that never to a satisfactory overall picture of this particular:ancient demanding m233Non;-animal.
1 simone is not a bad movie.
1 a sexy, strange and always entertaining costume drama at the Renaissance spain, and the fact that it is based on real events somehow makes it even more convincing.
0 As the Schmolling, moody male strikers in the title role, lrb - franco -rrb - has all of Dean's mannerisms and self -indulgence, but none of his sweetness and vulnerability.
1 The first Bond movie in years that's not so funny.
0 The problem is that the film is usually deadly boring.
0 For the rest of us, sitting through Dahmer for two hours means little more than punishment.
0 the roller -ball sequences feel disinfected and stagey.
1 ramsay and morton fill this character study with poetic strength and vivid feeling.
1 The film is saved from non -childish sentimentality by a warmth that is not falsified and a splendid sense of composition.
1 Death to smoochy is often very funny, but what is even more remarkable is the integrity of devito's misanthropic vision.
0 The only young people who can enjoy it are infants.who could be distracted by the fast movements and sounds of the film.
0 It's a bit lazy in a seasonal holiday movie for children. It derives its moment of the most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where Santa gives presents to adults.
0 It collapses when Mr. Taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller.
0 It's also not smart or grilled enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo -poo jokes are nervous.
0 There's nothing poor Dana Carvey can do that's really funny, and then he expects us to laugh because he's acting so silly all the time.
1 efficient, appropriately anonymous chillers.
0 ...stylistically, the film is a disaster.
1 It is easily entertaining, especially if you find comfort in familiarity.
1 ...a guilt -free movie for a nice evening.
1 What makes Salzmeer surprisingly captivating is that Caruso takes an atypical hypnotic approach to a world that is often handled in fast -processing, Hopped -up fashion.
0 a missed opportunity.
1 The Arctic light of Canada shines brightly on this frozen Tundra soap opera, which enters an extraordinary life into the private existence of Inuit people.
1 fresh and raw as a burned -out vein, the narc takes a walking dead cop flick subgenre and beats the new life into it.
0 dignified CEO s meet on a rustic retreat and pee on a tree.
1 An eerie, temporarily strong study of a self -destructive man. About as disturbing as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy.
0 The general mood is druggy and self -indulgent, like a spring break orgy for pretentious art majors.
0 The transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly boring.
1 Under the apparent determination of the film to shock at all costs lies considerable skill and determination, supported by pure nerves.
0 perry's good and his is an interesting character ``but ``serving sara''has not much more to serve than stupid flabby.
0 The trailer in the movie looked like shit, too, so bullshit is what I expected.
1 the sentimental script has problems, but the actors get the slack.
1 brings a refreshing and funny twist to the all too familiar saga of the contemporary single woman.
0 There's a few laughs in this movie, but Williams''Anarchy gets tired, the satire is weak.
1 Funny, heartfelt comedy.
0 It's as if everyone, on 66, has stopped challenging themselves.
0 The characters appear one -dimensional, and the film is superficial and will probably be especially interesting for its target audience.
1 I'm sure the mainstream audience will be confused, but for those who have at least a minimal appreciation of woolf and Clarissa dalloway, the hours put two of the well spent.
1 very amusing, not the usual route in a thriller, and the performances are strange and pixilated and sometimes both.
0 When Festival in Cannes nails hard -boiled Hollywood darget with a remarkably harsh accuracy, much about the film, including some of its cast, is frustratingly little convincing.
1 Coral reef adventure is a heavyweight movie that fights a good fight on behalf of the endangered reefs of the world... And it makes the pictures punch.
1 But it could be a necessity through his art and his heart.
0 I wanted more.
1 The entire cast is exceptionally good.
0 As if he wanted to grab a lump of Play -Doh, the harder Liman tries to squeeze his story, the more details slip between his fingers.
1 a captivating work that serves as painful elegance and sobering warning.
1 a fine, engaging, g -rated family movie, which is aimed mainly at small children, but with a lot of entertainment to keep adults from shaking in their seats.
1 It is extremely ambitious, unlike everything that has been done so far and surprisingly successful in what it is trying to do.
0 ...an arrogant chaos...
1 it sends a believer away again and quite cheerfully on this one.
0 terminal fad, painfully slow and unnecessarily confusing...The film, which is shot on digital video cassette instead of film, is often not readable.
0 a very depressing film of many missed opportunities.
1 captures the raw comic energy of one of our most extravagant female comics.
1 If the man from Elysian Fields is cursed by his smallness, he is also enhanced by the kind of film you enjoy more because you are one of the few lucky people who have sought it.
0 Author -director Walter Hill and co -author David Giler try to create characters from the obvious cliches, but in the end they use them as punching bags.
0 This unfriendly comedy is without a doubt the worst movie I've seen this summer.
0 In the process of cutting the film to a quick 84 -minute cut, director Roger Kumble seems to have a lot of conspiracy in favor of... outrageous gags.
1 Composer Bryan Adams contributes a number of songs, some possible hits, a few more simply intrusive to the story, but the whole package certainly captures the intended, he, spirit of the piece.
0 not to justify the hype surrounding her debut two years ago at the Sundance Film Festival.
0 This slender drawing feels particularly thin, stretched over the almost 80 -minute running time.
0 The biggest shocks of the film come from the sight of former nympho Juliette Lewis, who plays a "salt of the earth mommy" named Minnie and watches how skinny incognito travels in a ridiculous wig, no respectable Halloween costume would ever try to sell.
0 If you value your time and money, find an escape clause and avoid this treacherous, predictable rehash.
1 has a handful of virtuous set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashiy, rotten fun.
0 The jokes are flat, and the action seems fake.
1 It's a rib of a yarn and I for one enjoyed the thrill of chill.
0 Strangely Broomfield has convincing new material, but he does not reveal it until the end, after endless scenes in which he surrounds reluctant witnesses and shows his camera through the stained windshield of his rental car.
1 When people started hanging out with the hairdresser, they never wanted to leave.
0 Moving documentary about lifestyle
1 Better yet, he's doing all this, and even more, while remaining one of the cruelest, weirdest social critics on this side of Jonathan Swift.
0 the action falls quickly into the area of numbers.
0 in the end offer nothing more than the latest black star or Standone movie would.
0 Although there are many tense scenes in the trap, they are more than shocking than exciting.
1 The last kiss will probably never reach the popularity of my big fat Greek wedding, but its provocative central wedding sequence has much more influence.
0 low rent of frame one.
0 Sheridan seems horrified by the irrevocable energy of the book, and most of its abilities in comedy, humor, gall and irony.
0 Unfortunately, Carvey's rubber face doesn't match the thready script he made with Harris Goldberg.
0 It might as well be called "jar -jar binks."
1 Over the years, Hollywood has created a solid formula for successful animated films, and the Ice Age only improves with great computer graphics, inventive action sequences and a dull sense of humor.
1 What you still have is an overwhelming sadness that feels like it's made its way into your bloodstream.
0 He hates his signs.
0 ...an incredibly heavy -handed, manipulative thing that feels too familiar.
0 with ``ichi the killer', takashi miike, Japan's wildest filmmaker gives us a criminal fighter with more emotional baggage than Batman...
0 Anyone who wants to start writing scripts can simply follow the same design of hundreds of other movies, sell it to the highest bidder and leave without anyone really knowing your identity.
0 comes as a long, tedious whining, the whining of a paranoid and not sympathetic man.
0 We don't even like their characters.
0 Just a collection of this and that, whatever fills the time, without a unified whole.
0 The signs never change.
0 Even children deserve better.
0 While Scorsese's bold images and general smart casting ensure that ``bands''is never lethargic, the film is hampered by a central action that is riddled with false starts and characters that are almost impossible to handle.
0 As soon as Ice -t sticks his cup in the couple's bmw window and starts harassing the woman in a bad stage dialogue, all credibility flies out the window.
1 It's more fascinating to be real than anything seen on Jerry Springer.
0 How long will this film last?
1 the work of an artist tortured by his heritage, with his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims.
0 Think of the Lion King Redone for horses, with less intentional laughter, more unintentional and breathtaking trite songs by Bryan Adams, the most generic rock star in the world.
1 You'll probably love it.
0 except for all the wrong reasons.
1 Memories of Alfred Hitchcock's Thriller, most of the scary parts in ``Signs''occur while they wait for things to happen.
1 Washington has a safe hand in his debut as director.
1 If you love him, you'll like it.
1 What's so funny about this ridiculous, monstrous, brilliant thriller is the director's talent.
1 I like this blacksmith, he doesn't make fun of these people, he doesn't laugh at them.
0 The logic of all this will be Greek for anyone who is not rude and rude to the film's humor.
0 the case of the film is to replace the action with personality.
0 so much about the film is crazy and ridiculous... that it could have been a bad movie if the tedious inertia and endless exposure had been exacerbated.
1 Victor rosa is leguizamo's best film work so far, a subtle and rich internalized performance.
1 Psychologically sophisticated.
1 a touching tribute to the bravery and dedication of the reporters of the world who willingly go into the nightmare of war, not only to record the events for the afterlife, but to help us see clearly the world of our creation.
1 a cool film without a depressing gorge.
0 We assume he had a bad run on the market or an expensive divorce because there's no other reason than money why this famous actor would sink so low.
0 Star Trek used to be pretty great, but now it's a copy of a copy.
1 Some of Steven Soderbergh's earlier films were considered works of an artist.
1 The captivating performances of the incredibly flexible cast make love a joy to see.
1 The most daring, outrageous, sexually explicit, psychological probing, pure libido movie of the year is Portuguese.
1 a thoughtful film, a film that deals with souls and risks and schemes and the consequences of own actions.
0 The dramatic scenes are often unintentionally funny, and the action sequences, clearly the main event, are surprisingly involuntary.
1 Directed by Kevin Bray, whose crisp framing, sharp camera work and wholesale incompetence with actors, sound and tempo very obviously mark him as a video helmet, his feature debut.
0 because the intelligence of the characters must be low, very low, very low, to work for the masquerade, the film contains no joke, only weary gags.
0 Spectators of Barney's shattered self -indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the torture of sitting.
0 They should be much scarier than they offer in this lukewarm genre.
1 As it turns out, you can go home.
1 It is far from a frothy piece, and the characters are complex, packed with lots of luggage and tinted with tragic undertones.
1 His work surpasses the boy -meet -girl pose of typical love stories.
1 The ability of the writer /director m. night shyamalan to compose easily accessible stories that resonate with depth is undeniable.
1 The direction of Fontaine, especially its pleasurable use of close -ups and its grace with a moving camera, creates a distorted cinematic attraction.
1 What springs from John C. Walsh's pipe dream is the clear and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people make a movie they might actually want to see.
0 Disgustingly pathetic.
0 Instead of a balanced film explaining the spirit of time, which is the X games, we get a film postcard that is superficial and unreadable.
0 The problems are presented so poorly, complete with some of the years -lrb - unintentionally -rrb - funniest moments that it is impossible to care.
1 with two fine, nuanced lead performances.
0 Everything unfolds predictably, and the adventures that happen along the way seem to be repetitive and designed to fill time, which offers no real feeling of tension.
1 an exciting experience.
1 a dazzling dream of a documentary.
1 narc is a no -bull trend in the 1970s.
1 Jones.makes a great impression as the author director of this small $1.8 million charmers, who may not be the latest Indian film maker, but has a great heart.
1 in the disturbingly involved family dysfunction, as I killed my father, French director Anne Fontaine provides an inspired portrait of male fear and the emotional blockade that accompanies this human condition
0 animated drive to improve the self -image of drooling idiots.
0 but rather, ``how can you calculate money for it?'
1 "Austin Powers in Goldember" has the right thing for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughter to keep the interest up to the end.
0 Not really a thriller, but a film for young people to laugh, moan and hiss at.
0 an erotic thriller that is neither too erotic nor very exciting
1 Family portrait of need, neurosis and nervous negativity is a rare pleasure that shows the promise of digital filmmaking.
0 The uneven film has its charm and its funny moments, but not enough of them.
1 It manages to squeeze Angelina Jolie's surprising flair for self -deprecating comedy.
0 Demme finally manages to reduce his status from Oscar winners to modest studio records.
0 I am not sure which is worse: the poor performers of the ensemble, the flat dialogue of vincent r. nebrida or the cowardly direction of Laurice Guillen.
1 It is an ambitious film and, like all ambitious films, it has some problems.
1 like the best 60 minutes exposob233; the movie -lrb -at 80 minutes -rrb - is actually quite entertaining.
0 The lousy lead performances... prevent the film from ever reaching the strange heights that he obviously wanted.
0 Medem may have exposed most of the cast, exposing their bodies, but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt.
0 Is it really an advantage to invest such delicacy and warmth in an animated bear when people behave like puppets?
1 art -house to the core, read my lips is a genre -curling crime story that reauses the free -wheling noir spirit of old french cinema.
0 Madonna's made up so many times now, there seems to be nothing left to work with, like Michael Jackson's nose.
0 so excessive and wide that it seems annoying rather than charming.
1 ...the story, like ravel's bolero, builds into a crescendo that includes many more paths than we have begun.
1 It has fun with the peculiarities of family life, but it also deals with the subject with affection and respect.
0 It should have stayed there.
1 Well, it's probably not that you're swinging from the trees, it pays tribute, but it's definitely worth a look.
1 Bravo rewritten for history, and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love.
0 Too bad the material is so second -class.
1 It's so good.
1 make a devilish visual style and a touch of charm''appreciate''a very good -lrb -- but not great -rrb - film.
1 enthusiastically captures the current Teen Film concern with bodily functions, Walt becker's film presses all demographically appropriate comic buttons.
1 a really wonderful story combined with breathtaking animation.
1 Directors Brett Morgen and Nanette Burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasy.
0 ...a confusing drudgery.
1 It is proof of the remarkable charm of the film that it succeeds in being entertaining, although it is filled like a feature -length sitcom with stereotypes of family dilemmas.
0 -lrb a -rrb chase.
0 plays like a bad mix from an overmature episode of Dawson's Creek and a recycled and stupidest version of love story.
0 black and white and unrealistic.
0 Irb -lin Chung's rrb voice is rather conceptual, even irritating, lrb, at least to this western ear rrb, which makes it terribly difficult to buy the impetus for the complicated triangle of love that develops between the three central signs.
0 It is not helpful to hear extremist cries, whether you think Kissinger was a calculating devil or just a slippery self -promoter.
1 Hardly an objective documentary, but it's a great cinematic polemics. Dear Moore or loathe him, you have to admire him. The intensity with which he is ready to express his convictions.
1 The film is quite funny from time to time, without in any way humiliating its themes.
1 a beautiful film... elegant, witty and under a primitive exterior shamelessly romantic...very pleasant to himself, but not really faithful to his source's complexity.
0 a summary of the act not quite fair to the cruelty of the film, because this is all too painful in the execution.
0 considered as a whole, the tux does not yield to a whole lot.
0 good -looking, but relentlessly low brow outing plays like Southfork makes clueless.
1 intimate and panoramic.
0 suffers from all excesses of the genre.
0 I hate it because it sucks.
0 This rather unfocused, whole -map movie would be much better if it reduced its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens... or if it was more subtle... or if it had a sense of humor.
0 Big fat liar is little more elevated than home alone to a new, self -depressing level.
0 a doa dud from frame one.
0 Why spend $9 on the same stuff you can get for a dollar or so in this fat little vidgame pit in the theater lobby?
0 Just the kind of lazy crier who gives movies about normal people a bad name.
1 "home movie" is a sweet heart and something well worth your time.
1 enough to observe with their small, intelligent eyes, as stable as any lurid villain, and enjoy the perfectly tense web of tension that spins chabrol.
1 The bottom line with Nemesis is t the same as with all the films in the series: fans will undoubtedly enjoy it and those who are not committed need to waste their time on it.
1 Robin's power grid corresponds to the page Turning Frenzy that Clancy generates.
0 ...a hollow piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional.
1 Intelligent, caustic against a great writer and dubious people.
0 like his title character is aesthetically not unusual, but unfortunately also irritating.
1 When the Janice beard fluctuates in its recycled aspects, the inconceivability and the pace, it increases in its courage, and comedic activity.
1 throws enough clever and unexpected turns to feel the formula fresh.
0 a rather harmless but ultimately lifeless feature -long after school special.
0 I wasn't laughing.
1 Holm does his clever, complicated magic, and having a helmet is completely appealing as a pumpkin.
1 One of the funniest movies of the year, but... also one of the strangest depressing.
1 bielinsky is a filmmaker with impressive talent.
0 Such a premise is ripe for any kind of madness, but shoppers and gondry rarely seem safe where it should go.
0 The film is as inspiring as a business card.
0 The disturbing thing about clocktoppers is that it doesn't make sense.
0 Add uneven performances and a stained script up to a biting satire that has no teeth.
0 Even in its own absurd terms, the sum of all fears creates little narrative dynamics and invites to blunt comparisons to other rates of the Ryan series.
1 offers enough funny dialogues and sharp characterizations to be easily amusing.
0 The most obvious thing about the movie is that Hollywood expects people to pay for it.
0 You do not know whether you admire the majestic nature of the film and call it classicism or are annoyed by a noticeable lack of speed.
0 The authors will probably find it fascinating; others may find it amazing.
1 The tasteful little revision works wonders by strengthening the cultural and economic subtext and giving more importance to the morality of history.
1 It's Quaid who made the movie with his effortless performance and this brand edge of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer.
1 often chaotic and frustrating, but very enjoyable at its best moments, it is very similar to life itself.
1 In its dry and powerful way it delivers the same message as Jiri Menzel's carefully monitored trains and danis tanovic's no man's land.
0 sinks so deep in a badly played game of absurd plot twists, idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even Freeman can't save it.
0 This is the kind of film that gets a quick release before real candidates arrive in September.
1 Talking to her is not the perfect movie that many people have made to be, but it's still quite worth seeing.
0 It is also built on a false premise, one follows in melodrama and stupidity.
0 shafer's feature does not offer much in term of plot or acting.
1 Even better.
0 feels familiar and tired.
0 The film is too impressed by its own solemn insights to create much entertainment value.
1 But it's worth the concentration.
1 A complex psychological drama about a father returning to his son's house after decades.
1 The intimate camera work of the film and the smoldering performances draw us deep into the girls''Confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to understand the abyss of knowledge that is open between them.
1 Humorous and cordial, douglas mcgrath's version of "Nicholas nickleby" made me feel refreshed and hopeful.
1 What makes Lee so wonderful is to present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America. sketchy, yet captivating portrait of Jim Brown, a famous miracle in the spotlight
1 One thing you owe them: the message of the film matches the messages that were disseminated in the company's previous video work.
1 is not so much a work of entertainment as it is a unique, well -designed psychological study of grief.
0 Brosnan's finest non -bondith performance does not survive the film s' manipulative sentimental and nerving stereotypes.
0 an even more predictable, cliched enterprise than its predecessor.
1 The storytelling may be normal, but the cast is one of the all -star meetings that fans of Gosford Park assumed was just another day of British cinema.
1 Catch it if you can!
0 To say that this ridiculous vehicle is almost doltic and sober is just as obvious as to say to a countryside that it has a strong body odor.
0 It's not too much.
0 one of the high -praised disappointments that I had to observe in some time.
0 Everything was as superficial as the enforced New Jersey Lowbrow accent around it.
1 The Bard as a Black Comedy... Willie would have loved it.
0 unforgettable for a peculiar malaise that dulls its tension, and `by enlargement `its surprises sluggish and its dissolutions rituals.
1 This is one of the rare documents that paints a great picture of a time and makes the journey feel like a party.
1 The achievements are remarkable.
1 As much as I laughed during the film, I cannot build a convincing defense of the film as entertainment or even performance art, although the film allows you to wonder about these guys''superhuman ability to withstand pain.
0 Not a beat against Yang's like them yi, but I found, what time?
0 Everything that was right about Blade is wrong in its continuation.
1 a beautiful natural film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her calm blue eyes.
1 This is a smart and effective film by a director who understands how to create and maintain a mood.
1 -lrb - p -rrb -artnering murphy with Robert de niro for the tv -cops comdy showtime would like to acid fire casting.
0 I have to admit, E.T. didn't like it very much when I first saw it as a young boy.
1 a captivating new film.
1 It reminds of a really solid wooden Allen movie, with its excellent use of New York Locals and sharp writing
1 You have to be a hard -hearted person not to be touched by this drama.
0 It's just lazy writing.
1 A film that will certainly be profane, politically charged music for Cho's fans' ears.
0 During the ensemble player, who in guy ritchie's lock, stock and two smoking barrels and grab the bod, he's unlikely, a household name based on his first star vehicle.
1 coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little more.
1 is one of the best pictures of this year.
1 The film is dark funny in its observation of how much more strenuous and time -consuming the illusion of work is than the actual work.
1 The strength of the film comes not from a cinematic Raszle blinding, but from its recovery from a historical episode which, in the simple statement, is both shocking and uplifting.
1 a captivating French psychological drama that examines the encounter of a single father and his cool son after a 20 -year separation.
1 Young's promising debut is a warm and well -told story of a recent Chinese immigrant experience in New York City.
1 satisfactorily creepy, fresh and old -fashioned at the same time.
0 Trailer Trash Cinema so uncool the only thing missing is ``gadzooks''
1 where the best of the Swashbucklers are not placed in the pantheon, but it is a lot of fun and you get to see one of the best actors in the world, Daniel autheil
1 because the genre is well established, what makes the film fresh is intelligent writing, distorted characters and the title performance of kieran culkin.
1 More demanding and demanding than such pictures are usually... a fun little catch.
1 I found the ring moderately absorbent, mainly because of its elegant colourful appearance and tone.
1 a dignified, moving tribute to the bravery of New York's finest and a well understood expression of the sadness that the nation shares in its sacrifice.
0 And it's still harder to believe that anyone in their right mind would want to see it.
1 As much as that sounds, Mr. Rose's update is working surprisingly well.
0 Mr. Fattions is not really a movie, but a loose collection of not -so -funny gags, occasional moments of lazy humor.
0 Just a bunch of old gags, no good inside dope and no special bites.
1 It's always fascinating.
0 A big bluster movie where nothing really happens.
1 One of those rare films that apparently weren't written for anyone, but somehow manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen, just for her.
1 Diane Lane works nothing but a small miracle in infidelity.
1 One of the best movies ever made about movieking's life.
1 There are many things: Stoner midnight movie, Sci -Fi deconstruction, gay fantasies, but above all it is a love story as sanguine as its title.
0 But if the essence of magic is his invented promise of life that rises above the material realm, then this is the opposite of a truly magical film.
0 a loud, brazen, and above all, nonsensical high school comedy.
0 When you see garbage like that, it creates a kind of abstract debt, as if you're paying debts for good books that haven't been read.
1 an Inuit masterpiece that gives you goosebumps as its eerie history of love, mutual discord, and justice.
1 can be seen as pure composition and form --film as music
0 This is a remake by the numbers that link a half -wit act to a series of standup routines in which Wilson and Murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie.
0 The jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail.
1 A cruel, funny twist of the tea comedy, packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically murderous soundtrack
1 smarter than his commercials make it look.
1 a rather entertaining continuation of 1994's surprise family hit, which can affect adult credibility.
1 might have been crunchier and crunchier, but it is likely to please audiences who like movies that require four handkerchiefs.
1 a French film with less taste.
0 If a movie asks you to regret Mick Jagger's sex life, he's already got a shot at him.
1 an Asian neo -realistic treasure.
0 generic Thriller Junk.
1 an honest, sensitive story from a Vietnamese perspective.
0 While some of the camera work is interesting, the medium to low budget of the film is betrayed by the surprisingly poor makeup work.
1 more than their unique residences, Home Film is about the people who live in them who carved their own comfortable niche in the world and were so kind to share it.
0 Apparently, the romantic comedy with a fresh perspective is simply not in the current Hollywood program.
1 Thanks to self -confident filmmaking and a couple of fascinating performances, the way to this goal is a really special walk in the forest.
1 A convincing allegory about the last days of the democratic Weimar Republic of Germany.
0 or maybe ``how will you get after a 88 -minute demolition of the rock with action limited to Slo -mo shooting and accidental glass shattering?''
1 It's far too short of poetry, but it's not bad prose.
0 the things that this film tries to buy the audience simply do not fly with most intelligent viewers.
1 Foolish, sweet, and shorter than the first lrb, as far as I remember best, rrb, but still a very good time in the cinema.
0 Until the surprising end is discovered, interest cannot be revived.
0 A slutty slapstick throws back money like the ghost and Mr. Chicken.
1 a seductive allusion to the quality that keeps Dickens always green: the transient openness with which he expresses our most fundamental emotions.
0 Scotland, Pa is way too straight to surpass his clever concept.
1 I am firmly convinced that a good video game movie will soon appear.
1 Chaiking equates rhythms in real time with a propulsive incident.
0 The film is about as deep as this mood.
0 The retro -gang melodrama, deuces wild represents the 50 -year -old teenage gang machismo in a way that borders on the rough homoerotic.
1 If you ever wanted to be an astronaut, that's the ultimate movie experience. It is informative and breathtaking spectacular.
1 The excursions are fun too.
1 And thanks to the presence of the king, it also rocks.
0 In other words, about as bad a movie as you'll probably see all year round.
1 optically fascinating...an often intensive character study about fathers and sons, loyalty and duty.
0 as violent, profane and exploitative as the most obvious action movie you've ever seen.
1 We've seen the hippie -turned -yuppie act before, but there's an exciting charm in the fire that makes the formula fresh again.
1 It's better if nurses leave this little room.
1 Compulsively observable, no matter how degraded things get.
0 Irb Evans is a fascinating character and deserves a better vehicle than this funny grin of a movie.
0 The plot soon becomes thin, and one finds oneself praying for a quick resolution.
0 This is rotten ghost, with no original idea -lrb - or role, or edit, or score, or anything, really -rrb - in sight, and the whole process raises the question ``why''
1 manages to be healthy and subversive at the same time.
0 feels aimless for most of its duration until it is late in the movie when a tidal wave of action arrives and leaves questions.
0 The writing is indifferent, and the direction of Jordan Brady is prosaic.
0 The number of bodies eventually transcends what we learn on the way to salvation.
0 a dream -filled melodramatic film that shows us a lot of storm and drums, but its characters' decisions are only unsatisfactory.
0 a tired, unnecessary retread...an old copy of a picture that was not so great at the beginning with.
0 is not as sharp as the original.Despite some visual virtues, ```blade ii 'simply does not cut it.
0 enigma is missing.
1 Mr. Caine and Mr. Fraser are all here with their unforgettable and inventive performances.
0 Too bad this isn't all fun.
1 overcomes his visual shyness with a sharp script and strong performances.
1 There are no conversion efforts, a lot of writing is really witty and both stars are attractive enough to probably have a good chance of a Hollywood career if they want one.
1 But in its own aloof, unattainable way, it's so fascinating that you can't look away for a second.
1 This film puts Wang at the top of the sixth generation of filmmakers in China.
1 a sobering and powerful documentary about the most serious kind of personal loss: rejection by her own mother.
1 like the whole assembly, it is safe to increase the mood of the audience and let them sing long after the break.
1 I've always appreciated a smart written motion picture, and, no matter what glitch igby has down, it's undeniable t hat.
0 -lrb - n -rrb - o plays a role how much benefit the actors generate, the showtime eventually folds under their own dunes.
1 Not many movies have that effect on me these days.
0 I wonder if Lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work.
1 Texan Director George Ratliff had unlimited access to families and church assemblies, and he offers fascinating psychological food.
0 Apparently, a lot of people have wasted their time, including mine, on something very important.
0 Should have gone straight to video.
1 Maryam is more current than ever.
0 The script by Koepp is not nearly surprising or clever enough to maintain a n adequate tension on your own.
1 It deserves to be seen everywhere.
1 a timely look back at civil disobedience, anti -war movements and the power of strong voices.
0 You don't have to know your ice cream from your cool J's to realize that these shootings are a little lazy in the state of California.
1 and turns very dark and very funny.
0 Total horrible Iranian drama. As much fun as a grim Ayatollah in a cold mosque.
0 End your unbelief here and now, or you'll shake your head all the way to the loans.
0 nothing more than four or five mild Chucks surrounded by 86 -minute over -familiar and poorly constructed comedy.
1 uneven but fun.
0 Satire is simply too easy to be truly satisfying.
0 The biggest problem I have -lrb - besides the very slow pace -rrb - is that we never really see her Esther flower as an actress, although her talent is supposed to grow.
1 ...It's as understandable as any stupid guide, something that even non -technicians can enjoy.
0 A zombie movie in every sense of the word -- mindless, lifeless, controlling, loud, painful, disgusting.
0 -lrb - moore's -rrb -better at gripping problems than when looking for solutions.
1 ...blends the events of her life with the images in her paintings so vividly that the work of the artist can assume a striking new meaning for anyone who sees the film.
0 Is there a group of more selfish women than the mother and daughters in this movie?
0 There are kitschy backdrops, ridiculous action sequences and a lot of tired jokes about men in heels.
0 -lrb - green is -rrb - the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein, and I am almost ready to go to the USA and ask your permission for a preemptive strike.
0 Once again, director Chris Columbus takes a hat -in -hand approach to rowing that stifles creativity and allows the film to stretch for almost three hours.
0 Some of the characters die, some don't, and the movie pretends that the living have learned a lesson, and actually no one in the audience cares.
1 brave and sweet love story.
1 For decades we have been amazed at Disney's rendering of water, snow, flames and shadows in a hand -drawn animated world.
1 the level of action increases the material over the pat inspiration status and gives it a stability and solidity that we have long associated with Washington the actors.
1 While the tattoo is strongly of seven and the silence of the lambs, it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigues and human characters that absorb the audience.
0 Long before it's over, you'll think of 51er ways to leave this loser.
1 The film is part of the beautiful Verde, a sexy panty of a midwife who mourns her tragedies privately and embraces life in public.
1 a thoughtful and often funny drama about isolation.
1 bittersweet comedy full of life, gestures and some really cute Italian guys.
0 The city has a kind of authentic feeling, but each one of these people stands out and everyone else is in the background and it just seems made and artificial to me.
1 This is a sincerely designed picture that deserves to emerge from the dust of holiday films.
1 remarkable for its intelligence and intensity.
0 a complete waste of time.
1 There is a call for the civilian population and the officials who want to be visited equally.
1 an intimate contemplation of two wonderfully chaotic lives.
1 You never know where a change of lanes will lead, but it's a great ride.
0 Resident evil is not a product of his film predecessors as much as an mtv, sugar hysteria and playstation cocktail.
1 That works.
1 What is most reminiscent of Circuit is that it is filmed on digital video, whose tiny camera allows the shepherd to navigate both large and large spaces and small.with considerable aplomb.
1 The trip is worth your time, especially if you have Ellen pompeo sitting next to you.
1 a stylish, sprightly spin on film.
0 Frankly, it is a kind of insult to both men and women.
0 In addition to the over -cooked, ham -filled direction that makes all actors move backwards, the dialogue sounds like terrible poetry.
1 When you see Austin Powers in Goldmember, it's like an appetite for cotton candy.
1 Nothing overly original, but definitely entertaining.
0 it ends as none and fails in both efforts.
0 so putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to any print of the film.
1 One of the best, most humane and most important Holocaust films of all time.
1 This fascinating look at Israel in ferment feels as direct as the latest news from Gaza and because of its heightened, well -formed dramas, twice as powerful.
1 If evil vampires are your cup of blood, blade two is definitely a cut above the rest.
0 If a bathing fan comes across, teenagers may be looking for something to make them laugh.
0 It's a shame that stealing Harvard is too busy turning yourself in his own way to be anything but frustrating, boring and forgetful.
1 refreshing.
0 a click high233d and shallow warning story about the persistent life of gay men.
1 In the end, I kind of loved the people on the screen, even though I couldn't stand them.
0 The dehydrated script boasts the unexplored depths of stupidity, incoherence and sub -sopomorphic sexual mockery.
1 ...a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core concept to explore issues of attraction and interdependence and how the heart adapts to practical needs.
0 While the film is competent, it is also uninspired, lacking the real talent and the mind to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classical romantic comedy that it aspires to.
0 the place... remains much more interesting than the present story.
0 The publication of a film with the word'dog 'in its title in January gives rise to slight jokes and insults, and snowdogs deserve each and every one of them.
1 alternating between multifaceted comic parody and pulp melodrama, this smart aleck movie... raises some interesting questions about the difference between man and androids.
1 Director Todd Solondz has made a film about the critical reaction to his two previous films and about his responsibility to the characters he creates.
0 Shankman.and screenwriter Karen Janszen failed in the story as if it were a series of equations and not a real story.
0 Cinematic poo.
1 She is as rude and profane as ever, always funny and almost all the time, absolutely right in her stabbing social observations.
0 I'm not starting to tell you how boring, how incessant, how much it's all on the outside, and what a ruthless waste of four fine acting talents...
0 buries an interesting story about morality and the decisions we make under such a mountain of ClichSurinam233's, and borrows pictures that it could be more accurate Mr. Chips from the old block.
1 in an art film!
1 represents a side of modern Chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists, and does so with an art that also smells of revelation.
1 They can only love the players who put them first for the gifted but non -sensual people they are and for the still invaluable contribution they have made to our common history.
1 Promises are a convincing piece that shows how well children can be trained to torture their parents.
1 It is remarkable not because of its epic size, but because of the frightening intimacy that it reaches despite this width.
1 Robin Williams has thankfully given up the sentimentality of a two -hundred -year -old man for a darker side altogether.
0 The sweetest thing is specifically for idiots who don't care what kind of sewage they shove into their mental gullets to simulate food.
0 The film would have been happier if the balance had been shifted in favour of water -related action over land -based drama, but the emphasis on the latter leaves a blue swarm covered with water.
1 addresses the difficult issue of grief and loss with such a lifelong spirit that the subject does not draw an audience down.
0 a catastrophe of a drama, saved only by its winged attackers.
1 playfully deep and crazier than Michael Jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper children's day, surrounded by open windows.
0 The story itself is actually pretty good.
0 This orange has some juice, but it's far from fresh squeezed.
0 but he does not deliver nearly enough of show's brand style and flash.
0 Not many good intentions are able to overcome the triviality of history.
1 The film has several strong performances.
0 Nothing here seems as funny as analyzing this, not even Joe viterelli as de niro's right goombah.
1 The wild Dornberry film has the sibling quality and the general family chaos with which everyone can connect.
0 too predictable indeed.
1 What makes me kill my father, captivating, apart from his great accomplishments, is Fontaine's willingness to wander into the dark realms of parent -child relationships without flinching.
0 It is the rare combination of bad writing, bad direction and bad acting, the triple of evil.
1 The latest film by Japanese director shohei imamura is a strange but ultimately satisfying mixture of the second and the sublime.
0 One of the most striking signs of this film's servitude to its superstar is the way it has around all the scenes that have required real acting from Ms. Speers.
0 superficial, laborious to think of humor that is not even as daring as John Writer's glorious days in three companies.
1 not too chic, not too filling, not too fluffy, but definitely delicious and sweet.
1 A real pleasure.
0 lacks the spirit of the previous two, and makes all these jokes about hookers and even more unacceptable topics seem like mere dust in the dirt.
0 If you go to the theatre and wait for a scary, action -loving Chiller, you may soon be looking for a sign.
1 a film of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling.
1 I love this movie.
0 If this is a movie, I swear allegiance to Cagney and Lacey.
0 Could this be the first big studio production on video instead of film?
1 for the most part it works wonderfully as a film without sacrificing the integrity of the opera.
0 It's loud and boring; it's like being trapped at a bad rock concert.
1 Probably the best case for Christianity since Chesterton and Lewis.
0 I suppose you'll be as bored watching Morvern Callar as the characters in it are.
0 This poorly conceived and expensive project looks like a bunch of talented teapots trying to crush it.
1 This is one of Mr. Chabrol's subtle works, but also one of his most frightening.
1 sparse, but strangely convincing.
0 Despite the luxurious beauty of each scene, the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings.
1 It is a powerful, albeit flawed, film that guarantees a lump in the throat, while Washington is probably the best actor working in movies today.
0 the film is practically without context -- journalistic or historical.
0 -lrb - the movie's rrb - taste for shock humor'''''will be disarmed at all but those disarmed at the comedy of Tom Green and the Farrelly brothers.
0 as a remake, it's a pale imitation.
1 Ian yu is a true love story, full of traditional layers of awakening, maturation and separation and recovery.
1 Irb washington's rrb -- strong hand, sharp eye, good spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene.
0 Only as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role reminiscent of every turn of Elizabeth Berkley's flopping dolphin gas.
0 I'm a little disappointed it didn't.
1 This is an easy filming to be sure, but it's pleasant enough... and merge with attractive men.
1 I was impressed by how many retaliatory reactions the filmmakers allow before they eliminate the conspirators and turn off an American -Russian Armageddon.
0 entertaining enough, but nothing new
1 pure cinematic intoxication, a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama, tastelessness and gentle elegance.
1 change the trail tries more.
0 The predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch, so stylted and unconvincing are the performances.
1 The film shows the urban sweetness that Woody Allen seems to have left bitterly.
1 Grotesque, but director Carl Franklin adds enough splendor and freak out to make it entertaining.
1 For his first film Noir Spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look into the near future.
1 a vivid and captivating study of how similar obsession can dominate a family.
1 Surely the benefits are worth it.
1 Fifty years after the fact, the political situation in the world seems to be somewhat different, and director Phillip rrb - noyce brings forth the allegory with remarkable abilities.
1 I am not ashamed to admit that my pleasure came at the expense of justice, even if i t i s a dish best served cold.
1 The acting in Pauline and Paulette is all well and good, but what really sets the film apart is Debrauwer's refusal to press the soft emotional buttons.
1 spectacularly beautiful, not to mention mysterious, sensual, emotionally intense and full of virtuous throat singing.
1 A strange and wonderful comedy.
1 smart and tight.
0 A non -Britney person could survive a screening with little damage, except maybe for the last fifteen minutes, which are as sentimental as any after -school special you can imagine.
1 This is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years.
1 In the end, the film is less of the cheap thriller one would expect than a rather enlightening study of its two main characters, damaged goods people whose orbits collide inevitably and dangerously.
1 an epic treatment of a nationwide disease which, frightening, always seems to be on the rise.
1 Everyone will see the film through the prism of their own convictions and prejudices, but the only thing that is taken most is the sense that peace is possible.
1 an extraordinary dramatic experience.
0 The performance of Piccoli is amazing, yes, but the symbols of loss and denial and life on the arm in the film seem delightfully transparent.
0 No film could possibly be more despicable to the female population.
0 It is clear why deuces wild, which was shot two years ago, collected dust on the shelf mgm's.
0 Drowning is too good for this fool.
0 If I could look into my future and see how bad this movie is, I would go back and choose to skip it.
0 as incompetent as big screens Remakes of the Avengers and the Wild West.
0 Everything, even life on a carrier, is sentimental.
1 a bittersweet film, simply in form, but rich in human events.
1 a classic fairy tale that perfectly approached the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few films ever approached.
1 with the intention and finesse of england's roger mitchell, which makes handling of pleasant, relatively light commercial tariff like notting hill a commercial tariff with real thematic weight.
0 It's a strange show, pregnant with moods, stillbirth except as a hard conceptual exercise.
1 cletis is playful but highly studied and depends on its success by a patient viewer.
0 Would Italian Pinocchio's Benignis have been easier to bear than this hastily described disaster?
0 This is a missed opportunity of gigantic proportions, a lunar mission with no life signs.
0 There's an admirable severity to Jimmy's relentless anger, and the refusal of the script to have a happy ending, but as this monologue continues to expand, you realize there's no place to go with this story.
0 I'll stick with the stage versions, but they bite better and deeper.
0 It's a movie that ends in Truckzilla, damn it.
0 Write it down as the worst kind of hubris.
1 The story, once it rolls, is nothing but a great one.
0 They just don't work at the concert.
0 An involuntarily surreal child's image... in which actors in bad bear costumes stage a kind of inter -species parody of a vh1 behind the music scene.
1 both damned and damned convincing.
0 It's not original enough.
1 Apart from anything else, this is one of the best sustainable ideas I have ever seen on the screen.
0 the adventure of pluto wet is a lot nada.
1 Meditation on faith and madness, weakness is bloody stuff.
1 He is one of the few cool actors who is never aware of his own cool.
0 This 100 -minute film has only about 25 -minute decent material.
1 a serious movie with serious ideas.
0 attal's hang -ups around infidelity are so old -fashioned and, dare I say, outdated, i t's a wonder he couldn't have brought a little fresher i n the process just by chance.
0 Actions, characters, drama, emotions, ideas -- all irrelevant to the experience of seeing the Scorpion King.
0 Almost completely stripped of such tools as nakedness, insult and violence, Labute manages to make a few points about modern man and his problematic search for human connection.
1 It is the wet seasons of discovery and humour between Chaplin and Kidman that not only tick these beautiful rainbows but hum.
1 Let the French really grasp the terrible fear of the modern worker without turning the film into a cheap thriller, a stupid comedy or a juicy melodrama.
1 beautiful to watch and has a certain charm.
1 Campbell Scott finds the ideal outcome for his Flickknife Dictionary in the role of Roger Swanson.
1 Well, you might want to take a look at this, because it's two -pronged action right now.
0 that none of the protagonists have a distinctive state, hardly important, because both are just Actory mixtures, defined by childish dimness and a handful of whims.
1 Land, people and story flow together in a rough portrait of motherhood postponed and explored desire.
0 Barney's ideas about creation and identity don't really seem to be t hat profound, at least by the way you can get out of this three -hour endurance test, which has, like, an s -t -real value of the actual material.
0 Build some robots, drag them with you to the theater for the late show, and pay your own Mystery Science Theater 3000 tribute to what will almost certainly end as the worst and only --killer website movie of this or any other year.
1 Cineasts will wallow in these visual jokes, as in the movie's verbal poker on everything from the likes of miramax Chief Harvey weinstein's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark's dogma movement.
0 New wannabe Jack City type.
0 Despite the fact that this film was not as bad as I thought i t would be, i t i s still not a good film.
0 But this time the old Mib label is no better.
0 Forget the misleading title, what about the inexplicable Paviacameo?
0 It has ridden with heavy symbolism, petty cash psychology and endless scenic shootings that make 105 minutes appear twice as long.
1 What is surprising about this traditional thriller, moderately successful, but not entirely satisfactory, is exactly how noble and unsurpassed the execution is.
0 Another entry in the sentimental oh -those -wacky -brits genre, which was initiated by Full Monty and is still trying to produce another hit.
0 Every possible mistake a director could make at the opera was made here.
0 The desire of the film to be liked sometimes undermines the possibility of exploring the more delicate aspects of nature."
0 A normal police drama, which, if it wasn't for De Niro's involvement, was probably a real one.
1 with notorious C.H.O. c h o proves that she has the stuff to stand up to Pyor, Carlin and Murphy.
1 When you see this film, you come to the inevitable conclusion that the obsession with Kissinger is the desire of a cultivated flower child to cleanse the world of teeth and claws of human power.
1 e.t. works because its amazing principles, 14 -year -old Robert Macaughton, 6 -year -old Drew Barrymore and 10 -year -old Henry Thomas convince us of the existence of the wise, visionary visitor of a distant planet.
1 Yes, it's as good as you remember.
1 for vegetarian fans this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus.
1 full of details about the man and his country, and is good to see.
0 little more than a well -assembled history lesson.
1 Peter Jackson and the company dazzle us again and delight us, fulfill virtually any expectation either a long -time Tolkien fan or a film -running neophyte might want.
0 This story was told and repeated; the races and scouts change, but the song remains the same.
1 a joyous occasion
1 -Irb -"take care of my cat'-rrb -"is a really nice little film that leads us to an examination of young adult life in urban South Korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals.
0 novak looks at a heart so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks tension in the production of the high drama.
1 A kind of almost masterpiece.
0 If we try to understand the rules of the country, where bears are and when they are like humans, only hairier, Einstein's brain would be taxed.
1 A British comedy that's all -embracing, surprisingly touching.
0 They have no affinity for most signs.
0 His most important points are simultaneously buried, drowned and suffocated in the excesses of writer director Roger Avary.
1 Whether you buy Mr. Broomfield's finds or not, the film has an undeniable entertainment value, as pale Mr. Broomfield continues to push people and in situations that would bring less men to cover.
0 an implacable, bombastic and ultimately empty World War II Action Flick.
1 Charlotte is sometimes a brilliant movie.
1 move over bond; this girl deserves a sequel.
0 an unusually gloomy and overworked piece of work, every bit as impenetrable as Katzenberg's Prince of Egypt of 1998.
0 For a story set at sea, the ghost ship is quite grounded, with its stupid act, blunt exposure and telegraphed "surprises."
1 Congrats Disney for a good job, I enjoyed it just as much!
0 A muddy psychological thriller full of miscalculations.
0 Is it possible that a documentary film is completely enthusiastic about its subject and yet shows virtually no understanding of it?
1 It's a piece of handiwork that shows his India perpetrators and confident sutures in places, but has some quiet moving moments and an intelligent finesse.
0 The action of the film is almost completely mindless and foolish and carries each gag two or three times over its limits to get a laugh.
0 Between all the emotional shocks it is difficult to understand the depth of these two literary figures, and even the times in which they lived.
1 Expect no great discoveries, nor any stylish carvings, but the film sits with square conviction and touches good sense on the experience of its women.
0 an exit sign, that is.
1 Beautifully designed and brutally honest promises offer an unexpected window into the complexity of the Middle East struggle and into the humanity of its people.
1 Absolutely exciting, very good and finally... May I say, entertaining!
0 Just awful.
1 Bill Morrison's decay is uncompromising, difficult and unbearably beautiful.
1 a superlative b movie -- funny, sexy, and thrilling.
0 The advantage of a post -apocalyptic attitude is that they agree on the cheap.
0 Another genre exercise, gangster no. 1 is as generic as his title.
0 Before it collapses into the exact kind of buddy cop comedy that's after Lampoon.
0 ...While dark water has not been completely washed t -lrb - no pun intended -rrb -, page a n side with ringu observed, it eventually comes as a pale successor.
1 plays with a tough and ultimately winning square that would make it the favorite of many children and family -oriented cable channels.
1 One feels the dimming of a certain ambition, but in its place a sweetness, clarity and emotional openness reminiscent of the classics of early Italian Neorealism.
0 the script's judgment and sense of weight is gone, far away.
0 Despite his dry mind and compassion, the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and wanders madly.
0 It's a mess.
0 But finally, a little flat, crazy love doesn't make her outrage the way Jane Campion would, but at least she has something.
1 ...quite lovable.
0 Hip -hop prison thriller of astounding absurdity.
0 a local melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic cliches.
1 A little better than a magic stone.
1 nothing but wonderful with her ten -year -old protagonist and her persistent refusal to lead a dualist struggle between good and evil.
0 Almost as offensive as "Freddy got blown."
0 Imagine Susan Sontag falling in love with Howard Stern.
0 There is no point of view, no contemporary interpretation of Joan's preemininist emergency, so we'keep thinking the only reason to make the film is because current standards allow for a lot of nudity.
0 A fun sci -fi comedy in which Eddie Murphy unfolds two shapes and sophisticated futuristic sets on no particularly memorable effect.
1 Renner wears a lot of the movie with a creepy and dead performance.
1 The film fits into a genre that has been overexposed, of a thousand cliches reddish, and yet remains unique itself, alive with originality.
0 The sequel plays like a weak excuse to give Blade fans another look at Wesley Snipes, an iconic hero who fights dozens of villains.
0 Wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art houses, but it falls almost every time into the trap of hypocrisy.
0 Steven Soderbergh remake andrei tarkovsky's solaris as much as distills it.
1 a captivating yarn, but not quite tearing.
0 If routine actions and jokes like these are your cup of tea, then pay your $8 and prepare for the big scissors.
0 For anyone who has seen George Roy Hill's 1973 movie, the story is ```the trick.''
1 warm and exotic.
0 The film's glaring derivation is one reason, it's so lacquered.
1 Samples are often more fascinating than the results.
0 Like a smiling pumpkin's lantern, its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy that has lifted and discarded all its vital essence.
1 Seeing a blinding thing... As long as you're wearing the somewhat clumsy 3d glasses that the theatre offers.
1 It's a wonderful, sobering, heartfelt drama.
1 Here is another cool crime movie that actually brings something new to the mix.
1 One of those movies that make us stop and think about what we've given up to acquire the fast -moving contemporary society.
0 usually by a weak script that does not support the epic treatment.
0 Unfortunately, Kapur is modernising the story of a.e.w. Mason to match the sensitivity of a young American, a decision that reveals "the four feathers".
1 uneven, self -confident, but often hilarious.
0 the critical counter -reaction and more.
0 Do we really need another film that praises female self -sacrifice?
1 Rather than a fatal attraction, more complete than an unspoken proposition and more relevant than 9 -1'2 weeks, infidelity is simultaneously intimate and universal cinema.
1 The miracle of mostly martha is the performance of decks that makes martha enormously lovable.
0 A fight between Bug -Eye Theater and Dead Eye Matinee.
1 like a tarantino film with heart, a.k.a. Betty is rich in detail, skillfully executed and completely absorbent.
0 It's hard to tell who might like that. Are there Tolstoy Groupies out there?
1 This film is to be appreciated.
1 In all fairness, I must report that children of different ages in my audience have never coughed, cheated or stumbled around the halls for bathroom breaks.
0 The script is enormously overwritten, with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children.
0 He's not having so much fun because of his music or comics, but because of the perverse pleasure of watching Disney scratch the bottom of his own cracker barrel.
1 Ryan Gosling.22 is a powerful young actor.
1 I am very pleased with the idea that we have reached a point in society where it is considered important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray Richard Dawson.
1 While there is a lack of community in this film, two towers surpass his spectacle.
1 For those who are fascinated by the politics of the 70s, the film is as fascinating as it is flawed.
1 an absorbent and disturbing psychological drama.
1 like the best movies of Godard.it is visually delightful, penetrating, impenetrable.
1 economical but quiet effective direction.
1 The story that emerges has elements of romance, tragedy and even silent movie comedy.
0 This is an unspoken and artificial study of grief and its effects on the relationships of survivors.
0 It's a weird movie that's been hard for me to get too warm.
0 A series of flawlessly composed recordings of Patch Adams quietly freak out doesn't make for much of a movie.
1 back to a time when movies had more to do with fantasy than with market research.
0 All the Queen's men are a returning war movie that fails on so many levels that it should pay the viewers compensation.
1 The story of professionals is as much about the ownership and redefinition of the myth as about an inner unity that finds its way to joy.
0 The exclamation point seems to be the only track you'll find in this desolate chaos.
0 a banal, virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy.
1 one must see for all sides of the political spectrum
1 The storylines are skillfully interwoven, the wonderful aerial shots are breathtaking, and the overall experience is fantastic.
0 Leave the film and buy the philip Glass Soundtrack CD.
0 ...unbearable, unbearably boring, with rhymes of flat dialogue and a heroine who seems both superficial and stupid.
0 Seeks sympathy for the audience like a spirited child begging for attention, and gives the audience no reason to really care about his fallen freaks, going beyond the promise of a release from their incessant whining.
1 an action \Thriller of the best kind, evoking memories of the day of the jackal, the French connection and heat.
1 Beyond the wisdom, the curiosity and the untouched camera world, an hourly photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures.
1 The best part of gangs was Daniel Day Lewis.
0 ...hypnotically boring.
0 We can't accuse Kung Pow of misconduct, because that's exactly what it wants to be: a terrible, mindless, indescribably bad movie.
0 But on the other hand, I hate myself most mornings.
0 Although it is a study on modern alienation, it is more than a particularly bizarre, gay fantasy, exhausting and fatally exploited.
1 it can certainly be recommended as a video babysitter.
1 The movie should shake you out of your seat a few times, give you a few laughs and make you feel like it's worth your seven bucks, even if it turns out to be a bit of a scam in the end.
1 Part of the bold charm of the film comes from its vintage narrow.
1 a fun family movie that is suitable for all ages, a film that makes you laugh, cries and realizes, ``it's never too late to believe in your dreams.'
1 Unlike most animes, whose passionate fans outside Japan are apparently introverted young men with fantasy fetishes, Metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile.
1 There is something that is so meditative and lyrical about Babak Payamis' daring bizarre Iranian drama secret tune. A charming and evocative little melody that manages to show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics
0 It ends in motion in many directions while it searches -lrb -in vain, I think -rrb - to say something fresh.
0 It's like de palma spent an hour laying a fancy table and then serving herb macaroni and cheese.
1 with or without sex, a wonderful story of love and destiny, well told by a master storyteller
0 No doubt Rifkin thinks of himself as something of a Hubert selby Jr., but there is not a ounce of honest poetry in his entire script; it is simply crude and ruthless exploitative.
1 But it'll make you cry just as much, and it'll make you not feel like a fool.
0 Acting is good, but there's not enough substance here to get interest for the full 90 -minute, especially with the weak payout.
1 Romantic comedy and dogma 95 filmmaking may seem strange, but they prove to be charmingly compatible here.
0 -lrb -a -rrb - rather thinly designed film.
1 good, solid storytelling.
1 It's a treat to watch Shaw, a British stage symbol melting under the heat of Phocion's attentions.
0 the film does not keep its initial promise, with a shaky tone that creeps into the second half
0 a self -indulgent and confused action comedy that does not pass up a serious moment without reminding the audience that it is just a movie.
0 Isn't that the basis of the whole thing?
1 -lrb -rrb -has an immediacy and an intimacy that attracts you and dares not believe that it is all true.
1 a decent, entertaining film, wisely played and wisely staged.
1 Bogdanovich falls deeply into Hearst Mystique, entertaining a historical scandal.
0 a terrible film, which some will still move.
0 to blanklid go where we go 8 movies ago...
0 The lack of personality of the film permeates all its aspects from the TV film eske, affected children, to the most boring Irish pub scenes ever filmed.
1 Craig Bartlett and Director Tuck Tucker should be praised for having done the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters.
0 Rosanthal -lrb - Halloween ii -rrb - seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating tension.
1 But it is defiant and glorious against the grain.
1 famuyiwa's feature deals with its theme in a tasteful, intelligent way, instead of forcing us to endure every action that the Klich233 offers.
0 The Matrix style massages break out everywhere, but the film has a harder time balancing its violence with Kafka -inspired philosophy.
0 Irb - toback's -rrb - a preference for unusual split screens, stuttering and pompous references to Wittgenstein and Kirkegaard...mixes unpleasantly with the stimulating material.
1 At a time when commercialism has pushed life out of the idealism t hat the American film ever had, Godfrey Reggio's career seems like a lonely lighthouse.
0 the type of dummy -down exercise in stereotypes that gives the -lrb -teen comedy -rrb -genre a bad name.
1 elegant and eloquent -lrb - meditation -rrb - about death and the difficult to grasp passions
0 Weird.
1 Irb - Clooney's -rrb debut can be accused of being a little undisciplined, but it has an incredible, unconventional sense of style and humor that indicates that it was influenced by some filmmakers who directed it, especially the Coen brothers and Steven Soderbergh.
0 paired with really bad comic writing... and you have a big mess.
0 The audience, when I saw that they were laughing at the wrong times, and that is a bad sign if they are to have a collective heart attack.
1 Nicholas Nickleby celebrates the human spirit with such relentless, thick -skinned decency that it makes me... Irb Horror! -rrb
1 Romanek's themes are as distinctive as his visuals.
1 not a bad movie as an outburst, and outburst was absolutely charming.
1 Scooby doo is certainly all his fans will hope for, and in that sense is a movie that deserves a recommendation.
0 a stupid and lazy spin -off of the animal planets documentary series, crocodile growers is entertainment opportunism at its most conspicuous.
0 ...An airless, packed Julia Roberts wannabes who stinks so bad of hard selling pictures that you wonder if Lopez's publicist should share screening credit.
0 Will someone who is not a fan t be thrilled that it did not go directly to video t?
1 Your children will be busy for 72 minutes.
1 exciting and lively.
1 lasker's canny, meditative script distances sex and love, as Byron and luther...recognize that without the latter they will not get satisfaction.
0 Like Rudy Yellow Lodge, you must take a good sweat to clear his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the Trickster Spider.
1 The amazing film work is so convincing that one will swear by the end of films that one is wet in some places and sanding in others.
0 Femme fatale offers nothing more than a bait and switch that goes beyond fairness with the audience.
1 combines a sharp comedy, an old -fashioned monster movie atmosphere and a real heart to create a film that is not only about stepping on untead, but also about dealing with regrets and ultimately seeking salvation.
0 Just a bunch of good actors flying around in a caper that's neither original nor terribly funny.
1 the film does its best to work with us, with the second help of love, romance, tragedy, the wrong morning trees, the funny relief, two separate crises during the wedding ceremonies and the lush landscape of the Cotswolds.
1 Baran is a soft film with a dramatic impact, an invasive ode to humanity.
1 Rodriguez is doing an excellent job with the racial profiling of the Hollywood style... by making excellent Latin actors of all ages... a trend that is long overdue.
1 takashi miike always pushes the envelope:ichi the murderer
0 You'd rather scratch your head than hide under your seat.
0 quite simple.
1 So young romantics could go on a date.
1 Despite its shortcomings...Belinsky is still able to create a compelling story that lets you guess at almost every opportunity.
0 The secrets of time travel will have been discovered and discarded as boring before I see this piece of shit again.
0 The script has an old -fashioned TV inside humor, but the film has no trace of humanity or empathy.
0 Although it is not very well shot or composed or edited, the score is too intrusive and the dialogue is often handed over and roughly literally, the film smashes you into waves.
1 satin rouge is not a new or inventive journey, but it is encouraging to see a three -dimensional, average, middle -aged woman's experience of self -discovery treated with such sensitivity.
0 The rest of the cast comes through the stodgy, soap -opera dialogue, as string figures reading the lines of a teleprompter.
0 It is so full of scenes and views and beautiful moments that it has left out some crucial things, such as character development and coherence.
1 A hymn and a cruel history of youth culture.
1 noyce has wonders with the material.
0 a sometimes penetrating and sensitive portrait, which is undermined by its embarrassing structure and a final turn towards melodrama.
0 No, thank you.
1 Despite the predictable parent against the upcoming child theme, first -class acting and a look at the "real Americans" make this a charmer.
1 delia, greta and paula rank as three of the most versatile and sympathetic female characters of the year.
0 Action -mechanical.
0 yet another completely unnecessary addition to the growing, forming pile of, well, extreme stunt images.
0 It would have been better than the fiction it invented, and there could have been room for the war scenes.
0 It's a bad sign in a thriller if you know whodunit right away.
0 While the production details are elaborate, the film has little insight into the historical times and their artists, especially the way Sand has developed a notorious reputation.
1 Although Olivier Assayas''elegantly decorated time drama 'sometimes accompanies incidents on the way to a conscientious adaptation...his three -hour running time is closer to two.
1 The moral shrapnel and the mental shock will linger long after the end of this film.
0 an elegant advertisement for juvenile anomaly that never fully meets the sum of its claims.
1 Overall, it is a very entertaining, thoughtful film with a simple message: God is love.
0 Some films were made for the big screen, some for the small screen, and some:ballistic:ecks vs. sever, were made for the palm screen.
1 a self -confident, richly traded, emotionally devastating piece of work and 2002's first big movie
1 labute's careful handling makes the material as genuine as Pandering.
0 The whole film has this sneaky feeling that the director is trying to persuade the viewer to take everything as very important just because the film is ugly and not a Hollywood product.
0 an irregular combination of two independent shorts that lags far behind the Director's earlier work on thematic content and narrative strength.
1 ...a funny but gloomy and shameful clash of cultures and generations.
1 as difficult and satisfying as any of David Mamet's airless filmic shell games.
1 The story is clever and quite charming in intention and execution.
0 simply stack the action clich233s.
0 Not only does the well -written film represent, for example, the middle of Mainstream Street, but also shining Hollywood in its laziest.
1 a delicious and mildly funny look at the inhabitants of a Copenhagen neighbourhood, who are coping with the confusing complications that life throws at them.
1 If ever a concept was handed down by the movie gods on a silver platter, it is.
1 You may be fascinated, as I am, by his moods and his subtly transformed star, and still wonder why Paul Thomas Anderson ever had the tendency to make the most honest and artful film in which Adam Sandler is likely to appear.
1 "brown sugar" strives admirably to be more than another "best man" by weaving a theme in this funny film.
1 Highlighted by a gripping style and an excellent cast, it is better than one might expect if one looks at the list of films with ice speed in a large role.
1 gently humorous and touching.
0 pufortely ````based on true events''''''''''''a folding of language that suggests that it is "impossible to claim that it is based on a true story'' with a straight face.
0 vulgar is too optimistic a title.
0 "The Adventure of Pluto Wet" is a big stinker.
1 Visually binding.
1 While each of them is searching for their place in the world, Muller is digging into their minds to find an unbound, flawed humanity.
0 Author director Stephen Gaghan made the almost fatal mistake of being what the English call "too clever".
0 For the future, it is hoped that Mr. Plympton will find room for another member of his little band, a professional screenwriter.
1 The story plays out slowly, but the characters are fascinating and realistic.
1 very predictable but nevertheless entertaining
0 If you're not a fan, it could be like trying to eat Brussels sprouts.
1 has much more energy, wit and warmth than any movie with a "2" at the end of its title should be expected.
1 I'm sure Mr. Fattions will give you a lot of fun in this simple, sweet, romantic comedy.
0 Everything seemed to have been wasted, like Deniro's once promising career and the once great long beach promenade.
1 His gentle, touching story creeps into your heart.
1 Armed with a game support cast, from the pitch -perfect forester to the always fun Meara and exhaustion, as Mike shoots and scores, makes his namesake proud.
1 ...works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once.
0 a potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are horribly wasted.
1 a little jewel from Belgium.
1 The characters are complex and strange, but absolutely believable, as the remarkable cast brings them to life.
1 worth a look as curiosity.
0 If you have a house full of dead people, don't worry, it'll be on video long before they grow up and you can wait until then.
0 Eddie Murphy and Owen Wilson have a nice partnership i n i spy, but the film around them is so of t almost nothing that their charm is not a load good.
1 Short and sweet, but also easier than anything else. Kaulquappe withdraws from the consequences of her own actions and revelations.
1 gripping and delicate complex.
1 And we don't turn our eyes away for a moment.
1 simply and eloquently articulates the confused feelings of individual New Yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy.
1 ...light as the best Korean film of 2002.
0 The title, alone, should deter any reasonable person.
0 For all the time we spend with these people, we never really get into them.
1 It does not matter that the film is less than 90 minutes t.
0 The plot is paper thin and the characters are not interesting enough to observe them for two whole hours.
1 The film is a joke and it is just as good that we n n't better than much of what is on Saturday morning TV, especially the pseudo -educational stuff that we all can't stand.
1 The ending feels in contradiction to the rest of the film.
1 In the end, there is one word that best describes this film: honest.
0 the film makes little sense, with its incredible naCOST239;vetCOST233and arbitrary flashbacks.
1 It's a weird, off -beat project.
1 If you get over the taboo issue, it'll be worth your time.
1 with really solid performances by Rhames and Wesley Snipes.
1 It begins slowly, but Adrian Brody in the title role helps to make the conclusion of the film powerful and satisfying.
0 Weak comedy.
0 Not a lot of blood and decaying vampires can mask the lack of ideas in this film.
0 ...The good and other idea -lrb -.middle -aged -romance -rrb -...is not handled well and with the exception of the fine star performances there is hardly any more to recommend ```never again.''
0 Would green grass have gone a little less for grain and a lot more for understandability.
0 Unfortunately, as the blood test proves, it was a long time ago.
1 The actors are so punctual, it's hard to understand anyone else in their role.
0 The first mistake, I suppose, is to name Shatner as a legendary professor and Kunis as a brilliant college student. Where's Pauly Shore as a rocket scientist?
1 Wise and dead humor.
0 Twenty -three movies in a mostly splendid directing career, Clint Eastwood's efficiently minimalist style has finally disappointed him.
0 boring and empowering.
0 While more naturalistic than his Australian counterpart, Amari's film fails to create the drama of Lilia's journey.
0 The action sequences of chan bore.
0 Simply put, there should have been a more compelling excuse to mate Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn.
0 proves a nice little that, unfortunately, is a little too in love with his own meanness.
0 But his storytelling skills and special effects are both humorless.
1 a captivating documentation describing the rise of hip -hop culture in general and the art of scratching Irb or gymnastics in particular.
1 Writer Dan Cutter and director Shawn Levy replace volume and primary colors for humor and bite.
1 Irb - ramsay -rrb - visually transforms the dark width of the dead end, which inhabits the characters into a poem of art, music and metaphor.
1 seems like pretty contagious fun.
1 In the pianist Polanski says what he has long wanted to say to confront the roots of his own occupations and obsessions, and he leaves nothing in the way.
0 ...Liotta is put in an impossible position because the illusions of his character ultimately destroy him and the credibility of the entire scenario.
0 If there's ever been a movie where the positive ending feels like a cop, it's the one.
0 ...The actors portray their caricatures well...But frankly, Scoob and Shag don't eat enough during the movie.
0 The sheer stupidity of the action -lrb - other than his good idea -rrb - and the movie's inevitable air of sluttiness you down below.
1 Those who do not quite get Godard's distinctive discourse will still get away with a feeling of his reserved but existential satisfaction.
1 provides a very moving and informative footnote to the Holocaust.
1 ...there's enough originality in life to distance them from the romantic comedies that so often end up in movies.
1 raimi created a complicated hero, which is a welcome relief from the usual two -dimensional offers.
0 If you see Benigni and Pinocchio in a public park, you grab your kids and run away and probably call the police.
0 It is dark, brooding and slow and takes its central idea far too seriously.
1 It cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears, to be a girl in a world of boys, to be a boy who's really in love with a girl, and to ride the great metaphorical wave that life is, no matter where it takes you.
1 a fun, if occasionally flawed, experiment.
1 However, it is a completely honest, open -minded film that should appeal to anyone who is willing to submit to it.
0 I don't think this movie loves women.
1 American music comedy, as we know it, would not exist without the precedent of the Jewish theatre, whose cheerful, fun -for -fun... s -sake community spirit goes to the essence of Broadway.
1 Don't judge too soon, it's a dark, scary story, but it goes in completely unexpected directions and goes on.
1 -lrb -the film -rrb - works mainly because of the tongue -in - cheek - attitude of the script.
0 offers nonsense and ridiculous plots, wooden performances, ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogues lately.
0 too smart to ignore it, but thinking a little too merging, this could be a movie that ends up punching its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot.
0 the director's many evasions and turns add up to little more than a screenshot of gamesmanship that is on both voltage and payout.
1 an invaluable historical document thanks to the exceptional access of the filmmaker to Massamoud, whose charm, cultivation and devotion to his people are evident.
0 ...No charm, no laughter, no fun, no reason to see.
0 Thanks largely to Williams all interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes, the rest is just an overexposed waste of film.
0 What may have been created as a comical madness in the hands of Woody Allen or Mel Brooks -lrb - at least during its 70th flowering period -rrb - seems lame and jubilee in this debut India feature.
0 You need a complete idiot to screw up a screen adaptation of Oscar Wilde's classic satire.
0 Donkey is a vulgar and cheap -looking version of Candid Camera staged for the Marquis de Sade Set.
1 Everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematic and naturalistic acting.
0 A well -tuned explosion in a movie can be a K -out, but a hundred of them can be stunning.
0 Where their heads were is a guess.
1 Scotland looks wonderful, the fans are often funny fanatics, the showdown is certainly better than a bad golf day.
1 The music makes a nice album, the food is tempting and Italy is waving at us all.
1 One of the best stupid horror movies of the last memory, with some real shocks in camp for unwashed viewers.
1 The film is a very good visual option for young women.
1 beautifully directed against the frozen winter landscapes of Grenoble and Geneva, the film unfolds with all the increasing tension of an experienced thriller until the tragedy under him gradually reveals itself.
1 griffin &co. manages to be spectacularly outrageous.
1 It's hard, not very grateful for the freedom after a movie like this.
1 a well -assembled piece of urban satire.
0 too much Nemesis has a tired, chatty feeling.
1 The exhibition of pan nalin is beautiful and mysterious, and the subsequent interviews with the practitioners of this ancient Indian practice are equally subtle and enigmatic.
0 In view of the fact that practically no one has to appear at theatres for this, the project would have been for the tube.
0 with more character development this could have been a creepy thriller; with better payouts, it could be a thinking man's monster movie.
1 an entertaining British hybrid of comedy, caper thrills and twisted romance.
0 But...in trying to capture the deeper intimate resonances of the novel, the film has ironically removed us from the characters.
1 the modern master of the persecution sequence returns with a hunt to end all persecutions
0 Queen of the damned, as you may have guessed, uses Aaliyah in her only leading role, she does little here, but points out things that explode in flames.
0 a loud, senseless chaos that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue of the TV series.
0 A cartoon?
0 a crass and insulting homage to great movies like some like it hot and the John Wayne classics.
0 The problem with ````xxx''is that his own action is not very effective.
1 "Yes, that's right, it's Forrest Gump, Angel of Death"
0 with a romantic comedy plot straight from the epochs, this Cinderella story has no surprise in its sleeve.
0 ...While certainly clever in spots, this too long Spoofy update of Shakespeare's Macbeth does not hold up a sufficient level of invention.
0 no new plot concepts or environmental changes, just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through.
1 Director John Pollson and award -winning English cameraman Giles nuttgens are making great efforts to hide the obvious with energy and innovation.
1 twohy knows how to blow the groundane into the depths, and gets full mileage from rolling a straying barrel or the unexpected explosion of a platoon.
1 Immediately a witness of the divine vocation of education and a demonstration of the laborious process of imparting knowledge.
0 insufferably naive.
0 These are textbooks of life of silent despair.
1 Worth a greeting only for trying to be more complex than your average movie.
1 It's excellent because, unlike so many other Hollywood films of its kind, it offers hope.
1 The fun of the movie is the chance to see Jackson, who also served as an executive producer, take his smooth, smart, powerful action abroad.
0 Way too clever by half, Howard's movie is really a series of bonded moments, with all the spaces filled with fantasies, daydreams, memories and a fantastic visual trail after another.
1 serious and attentive.
1 soderbergh saves the fat from the 1972 film.
1 a remarkably informative look at the backstage fear of stand -up comics.
1 alternately funny and sad, annoying and emotional, horrible and cheerful.
0 This is the case with a pregnant premise that is wasted by a script that creates few opportunities and insults the intelligence of everyone in the audience.
1 It is unlikely that we will see a better thriller this year.
0 It is provocative, but the speculative efforts are hampered by Taylor's caricatures and the ill -conceived idea of the film that Hitler's fate was shaped by chance.
0 A film that can't get enough distance from Lyroy's delusions to escape her touching influence.
0 Although Harris sometimes acts, he cannot overcome the feeling that pumpkin is just a game ball for two directors with far less lovable disabilities.
0 Schniedermeister... makes a fool of himself.Losin''his fan base...
0 in this case, zero.
0 The young stars are too sweet; the history and the resulting complications are too manipulative; the message is too blatant; the resolutions are too practical.
1 The difference is that I really enjoyed most of Martha while I
1 sexy and romantic.
0 If the plot slips out in an increasingly incoherent way, one might wish for a clock that makes time faster than the other way around.
1 arteta conducts one of the best ensembles of the year
1 The passion, creativity and fearlessness of one of the most colorful and controversial artists in Mexico conveys vividly a captivating drama that will speak to the non -conformist in all of us.
1 The concept is a hoot.
1 It may not be very innovative, but the film is crisp, unchanged style and the air of gentle longing makes it unexpectedly rewarding.
0 Joshua is in his own way blasphemous and senseless like a luis bucom2411; uel film without its accompanying intelligence, poetry, passion and genius.
0 Perhaps a better celebration of these unjustly dismissed heroes would be a film that is not so painfully forced, false and invented.
0 ...You can be forgiven for spending the last twenty minutes looking at your watch and waiting for Frida to just die.
1 The director, Mark Pellington, does a great job by evoking an eerie, threatening atmosphere, although unfortunately all history gives us is red lights, a rattling noise and a bump on the head.
1 Although the Naipaul original remains the true masterpiece, the film has its own long -lasting charm.
1 provides more than its fair share of saucy cheerfulness.
0 If it was any more turkey, it would swallow up digital stereos in dolby.
1 more intimate than spectacular, i.e. less worn by wow factors than by its funny, moving yarn, which holds well after two decades.
1 I loved the relationships, the comedy was funny, and the love was real.
0 In the midst of the shock and curiosity factors, the film is just a kitschy study of a young actress trying to find her way.
1 sinfully funny, visually captivating, never boring, this movie challenges us to think about the way we consume pop culture.
1 the spanish -eyed jean reno fills Hubert with a mixture of Totpan cool, wry humor and just the measure of tenderness that is necessary to give some heart to this strange beating.
1 a film with almost as many pleasures for adults as for children and dog lovers.
0 a corrupt, incoherent, immediately available piece of hacking.
0 The phenomenon of animation and game that occurred about three years ago actually dies a slow death if the poor quality of Pokemon 4 is ever any indication.
1 The camera floats across the globe in shimmering panoramic shots that make the best of the big screen format before it falls down in a number of exotic places and overwhelms the whole world in a joyful joint festival of rhythm.
0 What's really sad is that two Oscar -winning actresses - lrb - and an Academy of award -winning actresses - rrb - failed to appear in this garbage that the TV sitcom material at best.
0 Irb Jackson and pale rrb seem to have been chosen not for their acting skills, but for their looks and appeal to the young crowd.
0 Whatever the film is sentimental, hypocritical lessons about sexism, its true colors come out in various wet T -shirts and shower scenes.
1 Piercing affects... while clearly a manipulative film appears to be powerful instead of cloning.
0 with so many distracting special effects and visual party times that it's not clear whether to scream or laugh.
0 If only the story had to fit.
1 "Weakness" was written so well that even a simple "damn it"
1 Pianist is the film Roman Polanski may have been born to.
1 The film has an infectious enthusiasm and we are touched by the conviction of the film that all life is focused on this place, this time and this sport.
1 an excellent continuation.
0 The problem with making this queen a modern virgin is that she also makes her look stupid and shallow instead of, as was more likely, a victim of a mental illness.
1 It is a technically excellent film that shines with the usual Spielberg flair and uses the talents of its first -class creative team professionally.
0 The story really has no place to go because Simone isn't real -- she can't offer conflict.
1 Both a detective story and a romance that is spiced with the intrigue of academic pest control and politics.
0 All the sensuality, all the eroticism of a good vampire story, forgive the pun, sucked and replaced by Goth stupidity.
1 a quiet, disturbing triumph.
1 Anyone who has ever fantasized about space travel, but cannot afford the $20 -million ticket for a Russian rocket, should join this image.
0 Irb - carvey's -rrb - signs are both overrated and exaggerated, but on the other hand, subtlety has never been his trademark.
0 When divine secrets of the ya -ya sisterhood suffer from a pluddingy melodramatic structure, it comes to life in the performances.
0 rashomon -for -dipsticks story.
1 elegant and artful.
1 a great date movie, no matter what direction.
1 the exploitative, poorly staged violence overshadows everything, including most actors.
0 It takes a really long, slow and dreary time to figure out what Tuck is eternal.
0 It's syringe without the jokes.
1 Even if it pays serious homage to gymnasts and jugglers, old schools and current innovators, scratching is a great fun, full of the energy it documents.
0 You're starting to yearn for the final credit, like the desert does for rain.
1 A film Hollywood wouldn't have the courage to make.
1 "Property, based on the book of a.s. byatt, requires that Labute s deal with the topic of love upside down; in his cynicism, it is about reverence and a little joke.
0 Does no one on the set have a sense of humor, or did they not have the courage to speak up?
0 Aside from the cinematic pyrotechnics, the only thing the Avary seems to be interested in is common giggling and pulse rate.
1 Some of the most inventive stupidities you'll probably see in a movie theater for a while.
0 The story lacks any real emotional impact, and the plot is both fictional and clique.
1 Others, better attuned to the anarchist maxim that the urge to destroy is also a creative urge, or rather ready to see with their own eyes, will liberate morrison with iconoclastic use of technology.
1 an awfully good, painful human image.
0 No, you don't.
0 It never plays so dramatic, even if dramatic things happen to people.
0 I haven't seen such fun garbage since Freddy took his fingers.
0 A cross between Blow and Boyz n the Hood, this movie wants to be more, but it doesn't quite go there.
0 It is a bad action film because there is no interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring.
1 offers the kind of laughing therapy that I need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor, funny characters, and a happy ending.
0 a prolonged extrusion of psychopathic cellulose.
0 little action, almost no tension or credible tension, one -dimensional signs in the Wazoo and sets that can only be described as sci -fi generic.
1 Director Nancy Savocas "No -Frills Record of a show forged in quiet -raw emotions captures the unexplained tenor of this time after 9 -11 much better than a more measured or polished production ever.
1 Despite his floating story, this is a remarkably accessible and penetrating film.
0 The sum total of all fears pretend to be a serious study of nuclear terrorism, but it really is nothing more than the warmest, overheated cold war paranoia.
1 The hypnotic imagery and fragmentary narrative explore the links between place and personal identity.
1 It's fun, splashy and entertaining.
1 ...the first 2'3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny, partly thanks to the interesting cinematic devices -lrb - cool visual backmasking -rrb, a solid cast, and some sinfully sick and twisted humor...
0 Rather: pity on anyone who sees this mixing mask.
1 Returning to no -man's -land may be another shameless attempt by Disney to raise money from Baby Boomer families, but it's not half bad.
1 Despite its rough edges and the tendency to hang in certain places, the film is wry and thickening.
0 like Robin Williams, death for Smoochy has already reached its expiration date.
1 a pleasant, often funny comedy.
1 a Tour de force drama about the astonishingly central role of imagination in the spiritual development of two rowdy teenagers.
1 Good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there's a lot of characters in this picture, and none of them are flat.
0 Finally, it will probably be in video stores by Christmas, and it could just be better suited for a night in the living room than a night in the cinema.
0 It focuses far too much on the unpleasant interaction and the complete lack of chemistry between Chan and Hewitt.
1 Her performance moves between heartache and rebellion as she constantly tries to adapt and win the unconditional love she seeks.
0 bad company.
1 so vividly a portrait of a woman consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that she conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional spirits of a newly painted Rembrandt.
1 If you are tired of going where no man has gone before, but several movies have take heart.
0 quickly into a horribly obvious melodrama and raw vanity project for the lead actress and the Macdowell.
1 Almost everyone who grows up believes that their family must look like the Addams family, for everyone who looks. "My big, fat Greek wedding comes from the heart."
0 A cruel demonstration of the inexperience of a film burdened with an amateur script.
1 Despite its old, staged and predictable action, the Empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining.
0 otherwise this could be a suitable date movie.
1 Irb - at least rrb - moore is a real charmer.
0 leaves spectators in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances.
1 This rush to profits has created a predictably efficient business, which is remarkable, above all, because of its overwhelming fearlessness, for a zeal to create images t hat you wish you had not seen what is, of course, the point a t this time n a t.
1 The concept behind Kung Pow: Enter the fist is funny.
1 If we do not avert his eyes, solondz forces us to consider the unthinkable, the unacceptable, the unacceptable.
0 ...better described than a ghost story gone bad.
0 The film itself seems to run on hypertime in reverse, as the really funny bits keep coming apart.
0 does not do the work, the limited chemistry of Ralph Fiennes and Jennifer Lopez.
1 tsai has a well -deserved reputation as one of the great visual stylists of the film world, and in this film every shot improves the excellent performance.
0 A film as arrogant as the family he represents.
1 A film that excites both the eye and touches the heart.
0 elegantly designed, but emotionally cold, a puzzle whose complex construction can be admired, but is difficult to connect on a deeper level.
0 It's hard to understand why anyone in their right mind would even think about making the attraction a movie.
0 sc2 is an autopilot Hollywood blend without imagination and authentic Christmas spirit, but it is aimed at an audience full of masters of both.
0 He's wasting his main ingredient, Jackie Chan, and he's dropping the important action sequences.
0 This frightened area was covered earlier and much better by ordinary people.
0 In spite of a script that has been approved by no less than five authors, no one seems to have bothered to check it twice.
0 As underwater ghost stories go, down below he throws his creepy net out into the Atlantic Ocean and spits it back, gray and charred, somewhere northwest of the Bermuda Triangle.
1 The most convincing achievement of the year adds considerable depth to this shocking testimony of anti -Semitism and neofascism.
1 Although this saga would be great to read, it is risky screen material that only a genius should touch.
1 A sentimental hybrid that could benefit from the sharpness of specificity.
0 Despite the smooth production values and the tick -tock beat of Director Roger Michell, the end result is like two guys screaming in your face for two hours.
0 Jason i s t i n Manhattan and to hell, I guess a space station i n year 2455 can be removed from the list of ideas for the inevitable future consequences -lrb - hey, don't shoot the messenger -rrb -.
1 Like a veteran head cutter, the hairdresser is attuned to his community.
0 Fast hacking.
1 Let's hear it for Paxton for not falling into the Hollywood trap and making a vanity project that had nothing new to offer.
1 Performances around the stage are great, with the two leads delivering Oscar -caliber performances.
0 It does not give the public the opportunity to understand what its goal is or even its attitude to its subject.
1 Miller comes to the film with an uplifting intelligence and a vision both picturesque and literary.
1 This strange poetic road movie, played by pop music, takes place almost in Morton's ever vigilant gaze, and it is a tribute to the actress, and to her inventive director, that the journey is so hypnotic.
0 While the film tries to understand its title character, a big gap remains between the creepy, clean Dahmer -lrb Jeremy Renner -rrb and fiendish acts that cannot bridge serious psychological care through textbooks.
0 As serious as a community college ad, American Chai is enough to put the guitar away, sell the amplifier, and apply for medical school.
1 If you're not, you'll still have a good time.''
1 has a certain cruel fascination and generates a lot of b -film excitement.
1 Although there are no details of the book, the film takes on a serious tension.
1 -lrb - cuardouble243n has created -rrb -a substantial film from several cliched film structures: the roadshow, the upcoming age film and the teenage sex comedy.
0 And second, what about the whole shooting?
0 Billy Crystal and Robert de Niro are sleepwalking through vulgarities in a sequel that you can reject.
0 Smart, but pointless.
1 The problems and characters it reveals are universal and include, and the film itself, as well as its delightful cast is so airy, beautiful and gifted, it has really won my heart.
1 prove once again that if the filmmakers only follow the books, they cannot go wrong.
1 ...wise and elegant...
1 Although partly filmed in Canada, fully paid has clever ways to capture inner city life during the Reagan years.
0 I didn't count some rough -out comedies I wanted to forget. This is the first movie in a long time that has made me lock up the theater in the first ten minutes.
0 All the elements are present for a great film noir, but director George Hikenlooper's approach to the material is too optimistic.
1 The entire tissue is hypnotic, and Mr. Mattei promotes moments of spontaneous intimacy.
0 Friday after that, there's a lot more noise than a bite.
0 Opera on film is never satisfactory.
1 nicole holofcenter, the writer responsible for this illuminating comedy, does not handle the process properly, but the ideas connect beautifully.
0 But, like silence, it's a film that gets under the skin.
0 Gooding and Coburn are both Oscar winners, a fact that, as you watch them ambush themselves helplessly by snowflakes, seems unimaginable.
0 Loud, stupid, stupid and pointless.
1 Although there i s nothing i t that we have not yet seen of murphy, I spy i t still funny and enjoyable and so aggressively stupid that i t i s more than a worthwhile effort i t.
0 The remake of Mctiernan may be easier on the legs, the sober original was as graceful as a tap dance rhino, but it's just as boring and obvious.
0 If you want to rekindle the magic of the first movie, you need a stronger stomach than we do.
0 an average B -movie with no attempt to be anything more.
0 A film that plays things so beautifully safe that it often plays like a milquetoast movie of the week that is blown up for the big screen.
0 the film crosses the fence between escapism and social commentary, and on both sides it falls short.
0 Only masochistic movie goers must apply.
0 Is anyone else out there tired of all the slo -mo, double piston, ballistic Hong Kong action aesthetics?
1 like shrek, mind's visual imagination reminds you why animation is such a perfect medium for children, because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world.
0 STATAM uses an accent that I think is an attempt to be a tough American, but sometimes he just goes into unholy Brits.
0 a yawning little peasant melodrama.
0 For all his shootings, fistfights and car chases, this film is a phlegmatic bore, so tiring that it seems to the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all the fears, with Ben drooling, just hot -headed.
0 Starts with an unhealthy premise, clouded by a gloomy streak of virtually sudden confusion and ends with a whimper.
1 One of the best movies I've ever seen.
0 Feels strangely hollow at his emotional core.
0 It gets old fast.
0 Feels less like a change in -lrb's -herog's -rrb - personal politics than a half -hearted coincidence.
1 The Fizz of a Busby Berkeley musical and the inner excitement of a sporting spectacle.
1 good performance keeps it from being a complete rehash.
1 tsai convincingly shows a specific urban alienation.
0 He thinks the film is as much a document about him as it is about the subject.
0 It all begins to beat a Hallmark Hall of Fame, with a few four -letter words that are generally not heard on television.
1 Some bodies take you to places you haven't been, and also places you've been.
0 Hollywood is just not very funny.
1 a delicate beautiful work that puts almost all the cliches of Japanese animation in the head and at the same time provides a more than satisfactory amount of slaughter.
1 But kouyate produces strong performances from his cast, and he makes a powerful comment about how governments lie, no matter who runs them.
1 "drumline" shows a level of young black masculinity that is funny, touching, intelligent and complicated.
0 upper teens can become cynical.
1 The groupie -scholar Peter bogdanovich took a long time to do so, but he finally made his own width available for the release of the giant William Randolph Hearst.
1 The most brilliant and brutal uk crime movie since Jack Carter returned to Newcastle, the first half of gangster number one drips with style and, sometimes, blood.
0 It may not be the'70s animation, but everything else about it is straight from Saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story, bad writing and the same old stupidity.
1 Birthday Girl is lucky with Chaplin and Kidman, who are able to anticipate some movie star charisma if they need it to sell us on this twisted love story, but who can also negotiate the film's darker shoots.
1 Stay for the credits and see a devastating comic imitation of Dusty Hoffman, which is enlightening.
1 It's a nice story, told with competence.
0 an explosive episode of ```m * a * s * h''only this time from an Asian perspective.
0 Bread, my sweetie has so many flaws, it would be easy for critics to tear it up.
1 a lovely romantic comedy with lots of bite.
0 You will forget it by Monday, though, and if you are old enough to have developed some taste, your children will.
1 a good thriller.
0 One could easily confuse it with a sketchy work in progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time.
0 It's hard to imagine a newer movie, independent or otherwise, making as much chaos as this one.
0 The rumor, a confused drama about dealing with death, feels impersonal, almost generic.
0 works on the whole level as its major themes are lost in the murk of its own production
1 There is nothing more beautiful than love to give a film a b -12 shot, and cq shimmers with it.
1 Although not for every taste, this often very funny collegiate grand -out comedy goes a long way to restore the glamour of the national Lampoon film franchise, too long reduced to direct -to video irrelevant.
0 The film is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it.
0 The characters are based on stock clich233;s, and the attempt to complicate the story despite only credibility.
0 It's little thieves like these that put weak patches like this behind bars.
1 ...a delightful, bizarre comedy that deserves more than a fleeting spark.
0 With or without ballast tanks, k -19 sinks to a Harrison ford low.
1 Mr. Koshashvili is a director to see.
1 as big as possible a crowdpleaser.
1 But on the whole, you're gonna love this movie.
0 We can say what it's supposed to be, but we can't really call it a work of art.
1 the art direction and costumes are delightful and finely detailed, and kurys''direction is smart and sensitive.
1 The film is gently told by Martin Landau and directed by janklowitz -mann with sensitivity and skill.
0 This sad nonsense.
0 every note sounds wrong.
1 The suggestive images and the gentle rhythms of this film are infectious... It gets under our skin and drags us long before the action gets underway.
1 succeeds as a well -made mention of a subculture.
1 falls into a reality that is usually not difficult and sad, and then, without sentimentalising it or denying its brutality, transforms this reality into a lyrical and solemn vision.
1 An extremely entertaining view of some of the unseen heroes of pop music of the twentieth century.
0 The action scenes have the tension of a 20 -car pile, while the land holes are big enough to drive through a train car if chaos hadn't blown them all up.
1 Howard conjures up the past with surreal flowers so abundant that you could swear he just got out of a boo -double -241.
0 Eisenstein is missing for a film about one of the ruling giants.
1 Even if you don't know the band or the songs of the album by heart, you will enjoy watching them both develop, and you will also learn a lot about the state of the music business in the 21st century.
1 The film intervenes in the grieving process and strangely involves the audience in the inexplicable pain and eccentricities associated with the concept of loss.
0 as able to meet a 15 -year -old when you are over 100.
1 It's better than the phantom threat.
1 an effortlessly executed and abundantly resonant work.
1 Broomfield is driven by the maternal wrath of Volletta Wallace, her fearlessness, and that's why his film squeaks.
1 a fiercely clever and subtle film that captures the precarious balance between the extravagant trust of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel seriousness of the victorious revolutionaries.
1 This kind of practical stories is ultimately what shanghai Ghetto moves about a good, dry, reliable textbook and what it allows to sort with its worthy predecessors.
0 Formal for 51st performance, more like.
0 If your subject is an illusion against reality, shouldn't reality appear at least passively real?
0 The results are much more alienating than with.
0 These signs are getting boring.
1 It finds its moving joys in the tiny events that a person who has lived half -asleep suddenly awakens and takes note.
0 I could have used my two hours better than being John Malkovich again.
0 seems like a relic from a past time, and its entanglements... feel more stupid than plausible.
0 The film is as padded as Allen's Jell -O belly.
0 The story is wrong and its signs tissue -thin.
0 more busy than exciting, more hectic than involved, more chaotic than entertaining.
0 Although... visually conspicuous and smooth staged, it is also cold, gray, antiseptic and emotionally dehydrated.
1 Although in a way similar to Katherine's fat girl, rain is the far superior film.
0 You leave feeling like you've been through a long workout without your pulse ever racing.
0 a one -sided documentary provides simple explanations of a very complex situation.
0 Instead, it'll just put you to sleep.
0 The only way to tolerate this dull, brutal, unimaginative film could be with a large dose of painkillers.
1 a sensitive and sharp first function of anne -sophie birot.
0 There is no comedy.
1 a real winner -- smart, funny, subtle, and resonant.
0 ...only comes alive if it's on the sentimental.
1 an example of an old dog not only learn, but invent a remarkable new trick.
1 romantic, captivating and generously animated.
1 Try as you might to review the ethics of Kaufman's approach, somehow it comes together to create a very convincing, sensitive, intelligent and almost coherent piece of film entertainment.
1 Now and then a movie will come along that turns me into this annoying human image that I'm usually afraid to face the fanboy.
0 spread too thin, so that these actors, as well as the members of the community, are close to profound characterizations
1 Acting is mostly great, although actors have to contend with the fact that they play characters that sometimes feel more literary than flesh and blood people.
0 It is less a movie than a horrible, fragrant thing.so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you have your own *\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\
1 Funny and touching.
0 An embarrassing mix of genres that just doesn't work.
1 confirms the gifts of all participants, starting with Spielberg and through the ranks of the players, in front of the camera and that it brings together.
0 Fifty car piles of Klischees.
1 will warm your heart without feeling guilty about it.
0 One of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced.
1 a glittering but bouncy bit of the sixties -style slickness in which the hero is caught, but the audience gets pure Escapism.
1 This one is not nearly as terrible as expected.
1 The result is a powerful, of course dramatic piece of low -budget filmmaking.
1 as a science fiction film, ````minority report''astonished.
0 The plot is not as captivating as in the previous Seagal films.
1 Chilling in his objective portrait of the dreary, lost twentieth century America.
1 The author's ear for the way in which fears and makeup are telegraphed in most Blithe exchanges gives the film its continuous tug.
0 a repetition of every gangster movie from the last decade.
1 a shocking documentary about two unattached teenagers in a downward -drugged spiral.
0 The dark passage and the lack of dramatic fireworks make green dragons appear more like medicine than entertainment.
0 is far below expectations.
0 a general international version of a typical American horror movie.
0 contains too much obvious padding.
1 In just over an hour, home movie will want to leave you more, not to mention leaving you with some laughter and a smile on your face.
0 The ultimate point of the film that everyone should be themselves is banal, but the writer and director Michael gondry repeats it to ridicule.
1 a fine documentary film can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better ability of the film to make its subject interesting for those who are not part of its supposed target audience.
0 Following the rescue of Private Ryan, Black Hawk, and we were soldiers, you'll probably be as tired of chaos as the prisoner of war in the cage.
1 with witty dialogues and inventive moments.
0 ...is a crime that should be punished with chain saw.
1 Whether or not you are enlightened by some derrida's lectures about "the other" and "the self", "Derrida" is an undeniably fascinating and playful companion.
1 The people in Jessica are so recognizable and true that we're never sure how things work.
1 Parents may even find that it passes quickly because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year, including those intended for adults.
1 good music documentation, probably one of the best since the last waltz.
1 Irb - gulpilil -rrb - is a superb screen presence, and its character is rich in humanism makes it the moral compass of the film.
1 The script never lets us forget that Bourne was once an amoral killer, just like those who follow him.
1 an interesting view behind the scenes of the Chicago rock band Wilco...
1 The sword fight is well done and authenticity is a silly pleasure.
0 The only thing that scares me is that the filmmakers and the studio are bold enough to pass this stinker off as a scary movie.
1 munch's script is tenderly observing his characters.
0 It has the necessary faux -urban mood and hot -two years -ago Rap and r &b names and references.
0 The country is wasting an exceptionally good idea.
1 an epic film with an intimate feeling, a saga of heights and depths of friendships.
0 The film would seem less insignificant if Ms. Sugarman followed her resistance to the Saccharin.
1 Mention'solaris' in five years and I am sure those who have seen it will have an opinion.
1 Alabama, despite its predictability and occasional slowness, is mainly due to the persistence of reluctance -lrb, which is always a pleasure to observe, even if its material is not first -class -rrb -...
1 pacino is the best he has had in years and Kiener is wonderful.
0 a lot of the cast is stiff or just bad.
1 It is excessively strange and a little subconscious in its delivery, but otherwise this is the best ``old neighborhood''project since Christopher wrestle somehow with Cyndi runner in love with the opportunists.
0 Busy urban comedy is clearly not zhang's forte, his directing touch is neither easy nor magical enough to bring this kind of fantasy.
0 Imagine the cleanficks version of ``love story'''''with ali macgraw's profanities replaced by Roman platitudes.
1 played very well by the four main actors, this is a seriously intended film that is not easily forgotten.
1 The women who are looking for such a bad time must turn to them.
1 Ms. Hutchins is talented and charismatic enough to care about Zelda's ultimate fate.
0 Such a beautiful idea for a movie, and such an amazing, lifeless performance.
0 Back to Neverland, it manages to bridge the line between another classic for the company and just another ban -of -the -mill Disney Sequel for the home video market.
1 Author -director David Jacobson and his star, Jeremy Renner, have made a remarkable film that does not examine the psychology of the monster to excuse him, but to demonstrate that his pathology has evolved from human impulses that have been horribly twisted.
1 Drama of temptation, salvation and good intentions is a thoughtful test of faith, love and power.
1 strangely captivating.
0 sometimes feels like a giant commercial for universal studies, where much of the action takes place.
0 a small fortune in salaries and stunt cars could have been saved if the director, Tom dey, parts of midnight runs and 48 -hours --lrb - and, in this case, shrek -rrb -.
1 weird, funny, twisted, brilliant and macabre.
1 Ghetto shanghai, much stranger than any fiction, brings this unknown piece of history to life.
1 a film that will inspire you, touch you and make you laugh as well.
1 Although overall an overwhelmingly positive presentation, the film does not ignore the more problematic aspects of brown life.
0 The film is so busy referring to other films and being other films t hat it has no heart, no mind or humor.
1 cool gadgets and creatures keep these fresh.
0 This is very much from a mixed bag with enough negatives to outweigh the positive ones.
0 ringu is a disaster of a story, full of holes and completely lacking in cold.
1 This sad, sometimes frightening, but often inspiring film is one of Wiseman's warmest films.
0 But it would be better to wait for the video.
0 dark history of the fear of the middle class
1 Although the aboriginal aspect brings to an end an extraordinary sensitivity, and history itself could be played out in every working class community of the nation.
1 The circumvention and bickering between the now Spy -decorated siblings, Carmen -lrb - vega -rrb - and juni -lrb - sabara -rrb - cortez, anchor the film in a very real and entertaining giving and taking.
1 It's sweet, funny, charming, and absolutely delightful.
1 Seen in this light, moon miles should hit a nerve in many.
0 to the filmmakers Ivan is a prince of a fellow man, but he comes as shallow and slippery, though not mean -spirited, and there is no evidence that he is responsible for the composition of films of particular value or value.
0 the film's something -lieh construction feels less the product of love, well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wall, thinly sketched history.
0 None of the calculated events of birthday girls surprise us.
0 There are many definitions of "wasting time" but this film must surely be one of them.
1 I can easily imagine that benigni's pinocchio at a Christmas party several years old.
0 That's Red Riding Hood aiming for Mom and Dad's wallet.
1 k 19 remains above water as a decent drama
0 What else can you expect from a college comedy that the target audience didn't graduate from junior high school?
0 It's pretty confusing nonsense.
0 exhausting and exhausting.
0 I'm sorry to say this should seal the deal. Arnold is not, nor will he be back.
1 a bittersweet drama about the abyss of grief and how the truth can open the door to liberation.
1 more valuable than sharper
1 seldom does such a high -quality talent serve such literary materials.
0 a moving image that does not move.
0 This ridiculous film is predictable at all times.
0 Just another combination of bad animation and senseless violence without the slightest wit or charm.
1 -Irb -fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple Howard and Michelle Hall -rrb - show us the world they love and let us love them too.
1 a fantastic drama about Napoleon's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility.
0 The upper Plotline is not sufficient for the dead -lrb -water -rrb - weight of the other.
1 ...With enthusiasm, the drummer's rhythm, the Brass soul and the feeling of fierce competition that makes great marching bands half the fun of college football games.
1 Spy kids 2 is that rarity among the sequels: it actually improves on the original hit movie.
1 speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life.
1 audiard successfully holds suspensions on different levels in a film that is both captivating and captivating.
1 a disturbing, unforgettable film experience that makes its predecessors proud.
1 Its almost spectacular coastal location is easily distracted from an eccentric and benign aimless history.
1 A compassionate, moving portrait of an American, Irb and an American who always strives for something beyond his reach.
1 The Irb -stephen -errb -merithart film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are striving for a better performance in life than those they currently have.
1 Adaption is elaborately constructed and in a strange way nails all of Orlean's themes without a true adaptation of her book.
0 If you want a movie time trip, the 1960 version is a much smoother ride.
1 An older cadre teaches a younger boy in Zen and the art of being flattened in this kitschy Indian fashion by manners and misanthropy.
1 with amazing finesse, the film Shadow Heidi's journey back to Vietnam and the city where her mother, Mai thi kim, still lives.
0 an occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive look at a piece of counter -culture that could best be forgotten.
0 It's a 88 -minute highlight roll that's 86 minutes too long.
1 Jeff's rrb -delightful, flowing compositions, underlined by Neil Finn and Edmund McWilliams' melancholy music, are loaded with metaphors, but rarely simple, obvious or complacent.
1 It's a smart, solid, kinetically charged Spy patch that's worth a few hours of summer and a bucket of popcorn.
1 The film is predictable in the soothing way of a beautifully sung Christmas song.
1 the heat of the moment prevails.
1 a beautiful action thriller about love and terrorism in Korea.
0 Returning to the Neverland is much more p.c. than the original version -lrb - no more racist portraits of Indians, for example -rrb -, but the excitement is missing.
0 The only thing that sweeps away is the one hour and thirty -three minutes you spend watching this waste of time.
1 The mockery between Calvin and his barber colleagues feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group and never fails to talk.
0 While the importance of seriousness offers opportunities for occasional smiles and laughter, there is no reason for us to be in the theatre beyond the wild mind and the actors.
0 The film shows signs that someone other than the director came into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the film faster.
1 Broomfield reminds us that under the hype, the fame, the high life, the conspiracies and the secret that once existed were some bright young men, promising, talented, charismatic and tragically doomed.
1 offers a convincing view of a defeated but defiant nation in the river.
1 muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why people yearn for what they don't have and how it gets us into trouble.
0 This picture is above all a lump of everyday talk with a few comments that are so focused on creating audience sympathy that you might think that he is running for office... or trying to get a parole officer.
1 My wife is an actress having her moments looking at the funny effects of jealousy.
1 a compelling documentation.
1 While I can't say i t matches the first one, i s t starts little 2 a light, funny cheese buffet of a movie.
0 so boring that even their target audience talked all the way through.
1 Sadly, it reflects precisely the anger and alienation that drives the self -destruction of many young people.
1 It's not as kitschy as Big Daddy or as anarchist as happy Gilmore or the water boy, but it has its moments.
1 great character interaction.
0 Louiso reads the film in classic, unsatisfied India movie mode, and Brother Hoffman's script stumbles over a late inning twist that just doesn't make sense.
0 Even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment, spy boy 2 looks like they were made by a highly gifted 12 -year -old instead of a grown man.
1 A meager deeper beginning and a deeper end would have easily brought this film into the ``````'area as it is'`it is a very strong ``b +'.'.'.'.'
1 In a sick, twisted way funny.
1 It is not possible to collect points for political correctness, but it can result in parents having a few sleepless hours, a sign of their effectiveness.
1 Nicks refuses to see slackers as another teen movie, which means he can often avoid the fans of the Grobby -Out comedy.
1 But even though it only scratches the surface, it gives at least a strong itch to explore more.
0 There are few things more frustrating for a film than to see an otherwise good film that is clouded beyond redemption by a disastrous end.
0 the film falls too often in a sugar mood and refuses to deliver on the pell -mell pyrotechnics promises its punchy style.
1 Birthday child walks a tricky rope between sinful funny and simply evil.
0 Enough for pg -13, but not as hot as South Park, this oddly schizophrenic cartoon does not seem to be suitable for children or adults.
0 doesn't have much.
0 While it is welcome to see a Chinese film depicting a homosexual relationship in a mature and open way, Ian yu never catches dramatic fire.
0 The film is incomprehensible, and even if it wasn't stupid, it would still be incomprehensible.
1 Despite his mistakes, crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle.
0 This film is too busy with all its markings to take on a life of its own.
0 One of the most inventive romantic comedies I've ever seen.
1 It's hard to see, but it's a fantastic movie.
1 The film is well made and well executed.
0 Everything depends on whether you can tolerate Leon Barlow.
0 90 -minute penalty of drum dice cannon play, screaming metal shattered, and sleepy odd pair of snips.
1 moore offers an invaluable service by stimulating debate and thoughts.
0 a big, fat pain.
0 This is a film filled with unsympathetic, evil idiots; whether their friendship is saved or not makes no difference.
1 like giddy and quirky and relevant today, as it was 270 years ago.
0 While some will protest against the idea of a Vietnamese image with such a wireless, patriotic tone, soldiers eventually achieve their main strategic goal: to dramatize the human cost of the conflict that has come to define a generation.
0 It's a pedestrian, flat drama that screams "amateur" in almost every frame.
0 Hip -Hop rarely wakes up as his own fire -breathing entity in this picture.
1 Parts appear to have been taken from Terry Gilliam's subconscious, pressed through Kafka's meat grinder and into the shell of
1 It uses some of the characters from real history to get into the movie.
0 For lazy movie -makers who usually stumble and wait for a piece of American cake with the kid from Dawson's Creek, they'll probably run out and scream.
0 It may have been something special, but there are two things that draw it back to mediocrity... Director Clare Peploe's misunderstanding of Marivaux's rhythms and Mira Sorvino's limitations as a classical actress.
1 affable, if not timeless, like Mike throws some rewarding themes during providing a healthy fantasy for children.
0 Hit her, she's not funny!
0 Everything is serious, poetic, serious and sad... boring.
0 See Clocktoppers, if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes.
0 If you are not fans of the arrival of steve and terri, you should avoid this like the feared king brown snake.
1 a psychic journey deep into the fabric of Iran... deep life.
1 an incredibly thoughtful, deeply meditative picture that accurately and effectively captures the weakening sadness felt immediately after the terrorist attacks.
0 Dear Liza is a festival film that would have been better to stay on the festival circuit.
1 This is an extraordinary film, not least because it is Japanese and yet feels universal.
0 Gaghan.has thrown every suspensive ClichInocol233in the book at this ridiculous story.
0 deuces wild is an encyclopaedia of cliches that shamelessly steals farewell movies -to -innocence movies such as hikers and a Bronx story without weakening their intelligence.
0 It's still terrible!
0 It's in the action scenes that things fall apart.
1 If Ayurveda can help us return to a healthy diet, sleep and stress -reducing contemplation, it is clearly a good thing.
1 will certainly be interested in Asian cult movie fans and Asiaphyls to see what the whole theater is about.
1 They're just a few cops in Copmovieland, these two, but in narcotics they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood.
1 While conscientiously dragging on matters of the heart, directors Dean Deblois and Chris Sanders bravely beat the mix.
1 Davis is funny, charming and weird in her feature film, the debut as Amy.
1 warm and gently funny, even if the film breaks your heart.
1 Sharp, the writer director, has made a film so brazenly full of hope that it actually raises the heart.
1 Barry convinces us that he's a dangerous, secretly disturbed guy who could easily kill a president because it makes him feel powerful.
0 an unsuccessful attempt at a film of ideas.
0 This tirelessly inhuman showtime deserves the hook.
1 stands as one of the most fascinating film experiences of the year that lets her pictures speak for her while forcing you to rethink what a movie can be.
0 This story of undisputed love does not feed interest more than the first half hour.
0 It is an old cocktail with the same olives since 1962 as a garnish.
1 in imax short, it is just as wonderful on the big screen.
0 Ironically, sex has little to do with the story, which becomes something about how lame it is to try and shirk your responsibilities and that you should never, ever leave a big dog with a little kid alone.
1 I'd see those two back together in a New York minute.
1 It is a film that is destined to win a broad summer audience through literal reviews and, not far below the line, to find a place among the animated classics of the studio.
1 constantly questioning the perception of guilt and innocence, of good and evil, and asking us if a noble end can justify evil.
1 He's a better actor than a comedian.
1 So well played and directed, it's clear that Washington certainly has a new career ahead of him if he chooses it that way.
0 He's just a sad aristocrat in tattered splendor, and the movie seems to be as deflated as he is.
1 Insomnia is one of the best movies of the year and pacino gives one of its boldest and most complicated performances.
0 It's so badly done on every level that I actually find it hard to believe that people were paid to do it.
1 Although not quite "shrek" or "monsters, inc." it's not so bad.
1 a light but sweet film.
0 My only wish is that Celebi could take me back to a time before I saw that movie and I could just skip it.
0 One of these days Hollywood will find an original idea for a teen movie, but until then, there's always this rehash to feed the younger generations.
0 A terrible "Ace Ventura" robbery that somehow manages to bring Kevin Pollak, former wrestler Chyna and Dolly Parton together.
1 a clever, arch and rather cold -blooded comedy.
0 it finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers.
1 a powerful, chilling, and influencing study of the dying man fall.
0 The satire is not focused while the story goes nowhere.
1 The son of the bride's humor is born from a captivating storyline, which is also not embarrassing to grab you by the tissues.
0 an unpleasant mix of run -of -the -mill raw humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection.
1 an uplifting, almost masterpiece.
0 The hero of the film is boring and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable stupid innocence.
1 Unlike many Hollywood fans, this has interpreted well -developed characters and some surprises.
0 In his role as an observer of the scene, Lawrence sounds weepy and defensive, as if his life -changing experiences made him bitter and less mature.
0 is characterized by a striking artistic direction, but has a powerful curly tone, which quickly exhausts its limited reception.
1 pete's script manages to find the real natural, even sound that only a few films can achieve.
0 exploiting and largely without the depth or sophistication that would make such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable.
1 The humor and humanity of the Monsoon wedding are in perfect balance.
1 The fantastically elaborate continuation of the "Lord of the Rings" trilogy is so huge that a column of words does not adequately reflect the vision of co -writer Peter Jackson of J.r.r. tolkien's middle -earth.
0 To paraphrase a line from another "Dickens" novel, Nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an Underdone potato.
0 No depth.
0 It's like Solondz had two ideas for two movies, couldn't really figure out how to exterminate himself, so he just threw them all together.
0 The eternal mystery that every person who has ever lived has experienced is in the end too much to do, too little time to do it in.
1 This small premise...works because of the ideal casting of the masterful British actor Ian holm as the older Napoleon.
0 rarely does sex on screen so aggressively anti -erotic.
1 simple and old -fashioned in the best possible sense of these two words is possession of a film that puts itself directly at the service of the lovers who inhabit it.
1 But history... The characters have a freshness and modesty that goes beyond their position.
1 It's easy on the cold and hard on the atmospheric peculiarity, and there are moments of jaw -dripping strange behavior... But I found it strangely appealing.
1 The first Tunisian film I've ever seen, and it's probably the kindest but sensual conversation I've probably seen all year.
1 Anyone who loves crazy, funny, popcorn movies with a hint of stupidity and a little bloodshed.
1 As the dominant Christine, Sylvie testud is simply brilliant.
0 The authors of the Mothman prophecies have succeeded in making the most frightening of all films a mediocre horror film, too bad to be good and too good to be bad.
1 Irb - a - rrb - devastatingly powerful and amazingly vivid Holocaust drama.
1 Dogtown &z -boys evokes the Blithe Rebel fantasy with the kind of carelessness embedded in the sexy death of James Dean.
1 It works well enough, as the nerve ticks often appear, and the dispatch of the cast is as often imaginative as bloody.
1 -lrb - hayek -rrb - throws hispanic roll into this dream with a tooth -clamping taste, it beats a strong chemistry with molina and it makes us believe it's bald.
0 the films unnecessarily opaque intro takes its doe -eyed crupp out of pre -9 /11 new york and into a cross -country road trip of the homeric.
0 The biggest problem with Satin Rouge is Lilia herself.
0 The thought of seeing this movie with an audience full of teenagers fixated on his body humor and stereotypes they'll get a lot of from fills me with disgust.
1 captivates and shows how a skilled filmmaker can convey a message without upsetting the audience.
0 Jaglom offers the non -to -original premise that anyone involved in filmmaking is a fraud and a liar.
0 If this juicy script was the best that the competition got, the rejected ones must have been astronomically bad.
0 One assumes that Craven simply supports them because this film makes his own viewing much better than that.
0 The last hour of the film, in which almost all the previously unknown material lies, is not convincing that Tornatore has cut properly.
1 Like his bizarre heroine, she feeds our souls.
1 The clever director Robert J. Siegel and his co -authors keep the story subtle and keep us in suspense.
0 He's like a Hal Harley wannabe movie. without the vital comic part of the funny writer director himself.
0 The allure of vulgar, sexist, racist humor crossed my mind or, considering how low my forehead is, maybe it slipped under my feet.
0 has the split feeling of a series of serial TV episodes.
1 While Broomfield's film does not capture the impact of these tragic deaths on hip -hop culture, it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system.
0 Born completely dead and executed in a way that I'm not sure could be worse. A soulless pile of exploitative garbage.
1 ...a lively, thoughtful, unpopular raw story full of sex, drugs and rock'n 'roll.
1 A treat for his depiction of not giving up on dreams when you're a struggling nobody.
0 It is fitting that a film as artificial and soulless as the country owes its creation to an animation in Disneyland.
0 We don't get paid enough to put up with this shit.
0 Feels like a cold old man going through the motions.
1 both an admirable reconstruction of terrible events, as well as a fitting monument for the dead that day and the thousands after.
1 Well done, Kathy!
0 execrable.
0 Irb - seagal's -rrb - strenuous attempt to change the expression could very reassure him this year's raid.
0 thoroughly terrible.
1 the production values are of the highest and the performances attractive without memorable.
0 starts as a small lemon drop of a film and ends as a bitter pill.
1 Despite the prominent name of Beson was wasabi's great selling point, there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a great deal of recognition for the winning tone of the film.
0 Often he only stays on the irrelevant as well as on the binding, which gradually turns, what time is it there?
1 a sensitive, moving, brilliantly constructed work.
0 not exaggerated enough to be a parody of coarse Flicks, College Flicks or even Flicks in general.
0 a highly gifted snoozer.
1 Bring the sequel.
1 Judging by these standards, ``scratch 'is a pretty decent little documentary.
0 A film like the boys is why film criticism can be seen as work.
0 Despite the stability of the PC, the film suffers from a simple narrative and a clap, a fairy tale ending.
1 an often spectacular, though silly and lurking explosion of a costume drama, the end of the XV century.
0 Check your brain and your secret decoder ring at the door because you don't want to think too much about what's going on.
1 a serious debut of extravagant promises made by Georgian director Dover Kosashvili.
0 as Saccharin, since it is a one -way street.
1 The film becomes an overwhelming joy, and one finds oneself supporting Gai's character in order to avoid the fate that has happened to every other Carmen before her.
1 Things play out realistically, if not always fairly.
0 an account as lively as its field is deadpan.
1 It may not be a great piece of filmmaking, but its power comes from the perspective of the soul, how well -meaning social injustice is masked, at least as represented by this case.
0 The only thing that distinguishes a Randall Wallace movie from any other is the fact that there are no distinguishing features in a Randall Wallace movie.
0 contains the whole substance of a Twinkie, easy to swallow but hardly nourishing.
1 Cremaster 3 is suddenly a hard pill to swallow and a small miracle of self expression.
0 The desperate attempt of the joke is lost, making the character of critical Jim two -dimensional and pointless.
1 Instead of beating the audience over the head with morality, Schrader relies on subtle irony and visual devices to convey the point of view.
0 an enduring celebration of self -accompaniment between actor and director that leaves little room for the viewer.
0 A lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic figure and someone who wouldn't be stupid enough to deal with her.
1 a much more successful translation than their most famous earlier film adaptation, the similarly updated British production of Anthony Friedman.
1 Hugh Grant's act is so consuming, sometimes it's hard to tell who the other actors in the movie are.
0 I don't know how to fill a frame yet.
1 But if it doesn't tie us to our seats...
0 such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than being stuck in a dark pit and having a nightmare about bad cinema.
0 There's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven film about a young man's struggle with his inevitable past and uncertain future in a very shabby but largely unfulfilled presence.
0 To call this film a lump of money would only be flattering.
0 all filmmakers' calculations cannot save brown sugar from the curse of emptiness.
1 fascinating and stylish.
1 Some non -believers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed, but skeptics are not likely to enter the theater.
0 mostly, Shaffer and co -author Gregory Hinton lacks a strong view or a sense of humor.
0 It should be interesting, it should be touching, it turns out that it is affected and boring.
1 If it's not in the hormonal melodrama ``real women have curves''is a sweet, honest, and funny comedy drama about a young woman who wants many things in life but fears she'll be her mother before she can fulfill her dreams.
1 cold, annoying and unforgettable.
0 John McKay is never able to pull it back on course.
0 You can practically hear George or Well turn around.
0 Helmer Hudlin tries to make a hip comedy, but his addiction to slapstick prevents the possibility of creating a darker band.
1 Passion, melodrama, sadness, laughter and tears over the screen effortlessly...
1 Eric Schweig and Graham Greene both radiate a dignity that is perfect for the proud warrior who remains in the souls of these characters.
0 What Jackson did was prove that no fantasy, no creature, no fantasy world and no incredible scenario
0 There is no moment in the film that surprises or delights.
1 Rock of Spiderman
0 The plot is plastered with one Hollywood cliche after another, most of which include premature children who get the best of repulsive adults.
0 Amazing it's not the word... Not incompetent or incoherent or just bullshit.
0 You might want to do a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see "simone" and consider a DVD rental instead.
0 Unfortunately, a cast of competent actors from films, television and theatre will be unloaded in various New York City locations without uniform rhythm or visual style.
1 Kids five and up will be thrilled with the fast, funny, and even touching story.
1 The updated Dickensian sensitivity of the story of the writer Craig Bartlett is still enticing.
1 waystowntown manages to nail the soul -crushing boredom of destroyed urban life without yielding to it.
1 He sees them floating in the sea of their personality.
0 As hard as it may be to believe that here on Earth an amazingly similar tea drama was a better movie.
1 It is a funny little film with clever dialogue and sympathetic characters.
1 This charming, thoughtful New York Festival of Life and Love has its reward.
0 a frontal attack on the patience of the audience.
0 ...less a story than an unexplained nightmare, up to the acceptance of the population for each new horror.
0 This long and merciless Saccharinian film is a clear case of preaching to the converted.
1 The film is old -fashioned, sometimes charming and as subtle as bold.
1 an entertaining mix of time drama and flat -out farce that should delight history fans.
1 a very benevolent film, and in the years to come it will stand as a spoken monument to the world's central trading tragedy.
1 It is quite linear and only make -up -deep, but bogdanovich combines it with efficiency and affection for the period.
1 Adaptation is just brilliant.
1 a thoughtful picture.
1 But in a particularly dark moment in history, it offers flashing memories of the bonds that bind us.
1 Director Charles Stone III uses more details on the music of the film than on the story; what is best about drumline is its energy.
0 Nothing special and nothing shamelessly unpleasant until the last act.
1 turturro is fabulously funny and over the top as ``very sneaky''butler who excels in the art of the impossible disappearance
0 Director Yu seems to be much more interested in a groove -out humor than showing us thoughtful stunts or a car chase we haven't seen a hundred hundred times.
0 average, at best, I'm afraid.
1 This is a great horror movie.
1 The cast, without appearances, provides the tube -nervous story.
1 All in all, it's a pretty good version of a story that's much richer than those Hollywood action writers usually do on their own.
1 it has all the familiar bruckheimer elements, and creator probably does as good work as anyone else in achieving the Hopkins \stone collision of theatrical styles and on the screen persons.
0 I felt trapped and without any apparent escape for the entire 100 -minute period.
0 Although I didn't hate i t, i t's not very good either.
0 Cattaneo rewrites the formula that made the entire assembly a devastating success. But fails to add the magic that worked everything.
1 a moving and not infrequently breathtaking film.
1 While the plot follows a predictable "connect -the -dots" course...director John schultz paints the picture in some evocative shadows.
0 Anaemic, presumptuous.
1 Marshall keeps the energy moving, and his expenditures, unlike those in Moulin Rouge, are crisp and purposeful without exaggerating.
1 Light years ahead of American blockbusters like Pearl Harbor, at least artistically.
1 One of those unseen movies that creep up on you and stay with you long after you leave the theater.
1 Everything works smoothly under the direction of spielberg, who here makes a convincing imitation of a director who enjoys himself enormously.
0 a job that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse.
1 a moving, if uneven, success.
0 It is a thing to read or to shoot against the ongoing and unprecedented construction project that goes over our heads.
1 -lrb - a -rrb -real pleasure in its relaxed way.
0 Feels like a couple of other pieces, better movies together.
0 has all the trademarks of a film designed exclusively for children at home video, a market so insatiable that it captures all kinds of lame entertainment as long as 3 -year -olds find it divergent.
0 ...too manly to be as naturally charming as it needs to be.
1 ...By no means original, or even all the memorable, but as downtown Saturday afternoon Matinee brain candy, do not disappoint it.
0 The 50 -year -old lovebirds are too immature and unattractive to kill.
0 After a while, the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to think about how a whole segment of pop music history could get wet, fuzzy and sticky.
1 lots of fun, with an undeniable energy saved by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers.
1 a breathtaking adventure for all ages, the spirit tells its gripping and uplifting story in a breathtaking blend of music and images.
1 This is a nice affair, a film about the human darkness, but with a light -lrb but unsentimental touch.
0 a faded animated continuation that is hardly worth it.
0 Untraceable, of course, hardly begins to describe the action and its complications.
0 a sleepy Eddie Murphy vehicle that even he seems ashamed of, part of.
1 The film sparkles with the wisdom and humor of its themes.
0 Although a capable thriller, somewhere along the K -19 route threw some crucial drama.
1 It is... worth the extra effort to see an artist who has committed himself to growth in his ninth decade to change, while remaining true to his principles with a film whose theme is particularly the danger of such efforts.
1 in autheil's less dramatic but equally penetrating performance, he is a charismatic charmer who is likely to seduce and conquer.
0 How many more times will Indian filmmakers subject us to boring, self -serving stories of how awful we are to ourselves and to each other?
1 This is a film that refreshes the mind and mind together with the body, so original is its content, look andstyle.
1 A much better documentary -- more revealing, more emotional and surprising -- than his simple English title would have you believe.
1 "If you're in the mood for intelligent crying, it can easily creep into your heart."
1 Who knows, but it works under Kevin Reynolds.
0 It was supposed to be post -feminist breeze, but it ends as boring as parrot talk on Oprah.
0 Lack of substance and soul, divorce is shorter than Britney's Cutoffs.
1 simple, touching and acidified with humor, it is a film that confirms the nourishing aspects of love and society.
1 Sometimes the movie looks really pretty.
1 a thoughtful report of a lifestyle characterized by its surface obsession, one that describes the delirium of post, pre and extant stardom.
0 This is certainly one of the most hectic, virulent and evil Christmas photos ever delivered by a Hollywood studio.
1 I just can't recommend it enough.
0 It's a glorified sitcom, and a long, unfunniny on this one.
1 Back Director Rob Minkoff...and screenwriter Bruce Joel Rubin...have a good job updating white's dry joke to a new age.
0 with Zoe Clarke -Williams' Lackluster Thriller ```new best friend'', who needs enemies?
0 Just send it to moody.
1 It's second -rate to American psycho, but it still has enough claws to get into you and stay there for a few hours.
1 One of the funniest movies in town.
1 a great inside view of Tinseltown's star -making machines.
1 The film is amateurish, but it's a small thing.
0 It's not scary.
0 an absurd, ironic whodunit.
1 You're the one who's worth the trip to the theater.
0 Stunts chan's are limited and so beautified by editing that there really is not much of a sense of action or even action comedy.
1 an average child empowerment fantasy with slightly above average brains.
0 Instead of making his own style, director Marcus Adams only copies from different sources... good sources, bad mix
1 The action of the Comeback Curler i s not really very interesting, but what I like about men with brooms and what i s special, as the film knows what unique and strange about Canadians i t.
1 Tambor and Clayburgh are an attractive couple, he is reserved and sardonic, she is obviously manic and energetic.
0 The film is unintentional.
1 The best thing about the film is its sympathetic, amusing cast.
1 Here is a divine monument to the struggle of an individual man to regain his life, his dignity and his music.
0 If you are the kind of parent who likes to intentionally introduce your children into films that cause a lot of irreparable damage that could never undo years and years of costly analysis, I have just one word for you.
0 All film long, city by sea swings from one approach to the other, but in the end it remains in the formula -- which is a waste of de niro, mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast.
1 painful, terrible and depressingly tragic, this film should not be overlooked.
0 Caution is exercised by a quintet of actresses, but nevertheless it lasts during its 112 -minute length.
0 the script deals with big, hard issues in a thready, superficial way that does not provide insight into the reasons why, for example, good things happen to bad people.
0 a very bad film with highly distorted logic by author director Kurt Wimmer on the screenplay level.
1 It's a perfectly senseless comedy about a city crumbling in its proximity.
